OF THE

HOUSE

of COMMONS.

1 ’ I

3

VOL. 36.

A

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From October the 31st, 1776,

In the Seventeenth Yeaf"of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third,

T O

October the ift, 1778,

In the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third.

Printed by Order of the House of Commons.

1803.

0

It

Bayerische Staatsbibliothek Munch Digttizodtey-

IOth6K r

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

y O L. 36.

K

d

IJ

4 '

C 3 ]

JOURNALS

OF T Ft E

HOUSE / COMMONS.

Sess. ITT6-7.

Meftage to attend the King.

A

JovtS) 31 OS7o hr is 5

Anno 17° Georgii III1" Regis, 1776.

MESSAGE from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Usher of the Black

Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Issue of Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that, in pursu-New Writ*. ance of the Directions of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to enable the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrants, to make out new Writs " for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, in the Room of such Members as shall die during the <c Recess of Parliament," he had issued his Warrants to the Cleric of the Crown, to make out new Writs, for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, for the following Places; for the Borough of

Morpeth, in the County of Northumberland, in the room of the Honourable William; for the County of Devon, in the Room of Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Baronet; for the Borough of Leominster, in the County of Hereford, in the room of Thomas Hill, Esquire; for the Borough of Camelford, in the County of Cornioall, in the room of Francis Herne, Esquire j for the Borough of Horsham, in the County of Sussex, in the room of the Right honourable Jeremiah Dyson-, and for the Borough of Haselmere, in the County of Surrey, in the room of T Esquire.

Members A Member present, and several Members returned take Oaths, upon new. Writs, took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Vol. 36.

Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath, accordingly.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing Clandestme Outlawries, was read the First Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Outlawry

BilL

Mr. Speaker'reported, That the House had attend- The King’s

ed His Majesty, in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to make a most Gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses of Parliament; of which, Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.;

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

Nothing could have afforded Me so much Satisfaction as to have been able to inform you, at the Opening of this Session, that the Troubles, which have so long diffracted My Colonies in North America, were at an End; and that My unhappy People, recovered from their Delusion, had delivered themselves from the Op-prelfion of their Leaders, and returned to their Duty: But so daring and desperate is the Spirit of those Leaders, whose Object has always been Dominion and Power, that they have now openly renounced all Allegiance to the Crown, and all political Connexion with this Country: They have rejected, with Circumstances of Indignity* and Insult, the Means of Conciliation held out to them under the Authority of our Commission; and have presumed to set up their rebellious Confederacies for Independent States. If their Treason be suffered to take Root, much Mischief must grow from it to the Safety of My loyal Colonies, to the Commerce of My Kingdoms, and indeed to the present System of all Europe. One great Advantage,' however, will be derived from the Object of the Rebels'being openly, avowed, and clearly understood; We shall have Unanimity at Home, founded in the general Conviction of the Justice and Necessity of our Measures,

I am

Speech

reported*

Address on the King' Speech.

4 31° 0 Bohns. A. 1776.

I am happy to inform you, that, by the Blessing of Divine Providence on the good Conduct and Valour of My Officers and Forces by Sea and Land, and on the Zeal and lira very of the Auxiliary Troops in my Service, Canada is recovered; and although, from una-v oidable Delays, the Operations at York could not

begin before the Month of August, the Suceels in that Province has been so important as to give the strongeff Hopes of the most decisive good Consequences: But, notwithstanding this fair Prospect, We mud, at all Events, prepare for another Campaign.

I continue to receive Assurances of Amity from the several Courts of Europe; and am iiling My utmost Endeavours to conciliateunhappy Differences between Two Neighbouring Powers; and I still hope, that all Misunderstandings may be removed, and Europe continue to enjoy the inellimable Blessings of Peace: I think neverthelefethat, in the present Situation of Affairs, it is expedient that We should be in a respectable State of Defence at Home.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I will order the Estimates for the ensuing Year to be laid before you. It is Matter of real Concern to me, that the important Considerations which I have Hated to you mult necessarily be followed by great Expence: I doubt not, however, but that My faitlfful Commons will readily and cheerfully grant Me such Supplies, as the Maintenance of the Honour of My Crown, the Vim dication of the just Rights of Parliament, and the Public Welfare shall be found to require.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

In this arduous Contest I can have no other Object but to promote the true Interests of all my Subjects. No People ever enjoyed more Happiness, or lived under a milder Government, than those nowr revolted Provinces: The Improvements in every Art, of which they boast, declare it: Their Numbers, their Wealth, their Strength by Sea and Land, which they think sufficient to enable them to make Head again!! the whole Power of the Mother Country, are irrefragable Proofs'of it. My desire is to restore to them the Blessings of Law and Liberty, equally enjoyed by every British Subject, which they have fatally and dcfperatcly exchanged for all the Calamities of War, and the arbitrary Tyranny of their Chiefs.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- posed. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His moll Gracious Speech from the Throne.

To assure His Majesty, that, while we lament the Continuance of the Troubles which have so long dif-tracted His Colonies in North America, and of the Calamities and Opprcflions which our unhappy Fellow Subjects are it ill fullering, under, the arbitrary Tyranny of their Leaders, we cannot forbear to ex profs our De-testation and Abhorrence of the audacious and defpe-rate Spirit of Ambition, which has at last carried those Leaders so far, as openly to renounce all Allegiance to the Crown, and all political Connexion with this Country; and, in direct Terms, to presume to set up their rebellious Confederacies for Independent States.

That we consider their Rejection of the gracious and condescending Means of Reconciliation, held out to them under the Authority of His Majesty's Commission, as a fresh and convincing Proof that the Object of thcle Men has always been Power and Dominion; but wre can impute the Circuinftantes of Indignity and In-fult accompanying this Proceeding, to no other Motive than a Resentment of His Majesty’s firm and constant Adherence to the Maintenance of the Constitutional Rights of Parliament, diverted of every possible View of any separate Interests of the Crown: And to assure His 18

Majesty, that the same Attachment of His Majesty to the Parliamentary Authority of Great , which

hath provoked the Insolence of the Chiefs of this Rebellion, cannot but operate, as, it ought to do,- in fixing His Majesty still deeper, if possible, in the Affections of a British Floufe of Commons.

With Reverence and Gratitude to Divine Providence, to express our unfeigned Joy, and to offer our fineere Congratulations to His Majesty, on the Success which has attended the good Conduct and Valour of His Majesty’s Officers and Forces both by Sea and Land, and the Zeal and Bravery of the Auxiliary Troops in His Service, in the Recovery of Canada, and in the important Operations in the Province of New York; which give the strongest Hopes of the most decisive good Consequences.

To assure his Majesty, that we learn, with much Satisfaction, that His Majesty continues to receive Assurances of Amity from the several Courts of Europe; and that we thankfully acknowledge His Majesty’s Goodness and Paternal Concern for the Ilappiness of Flis People, in His constant Attention to preserve the general Tranquillity; and that it is our moll earnest Wish that, by His Majesty’s Interpolation, all Mifun-derstandings and Differences between Two Neighbouring Powers may be happily reconciled, and ill

enjoy the Blessings of Peace.

That we consider it as a Duty we owe to His Majesty, and to those we represent, to grant His Majesty such Supplies as the weighty Considerations, which His Majesty has been pleased to Hate to us, shall be found to require; and we have a well-grounded Confidence, that, at this Time, when the Object of the Rebels is openly avowed, and clearly underliood, the general Conviction of the Justice and Necessity of His Majesty’s Measures mull unite all Ranks of His faithful Subjects in supportingHis Majesty, w’ith One Mind and Heart, in the great National Cause in which he is engaged.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Word " that" in the Second Paragraph, to the End of the Question, in order to insert these Words:Animated with the moll " earnest and fineere Zeal for Flis true Interest, and " the real Glory of His Reign, we behold with inexpreflible Concern, the Minds of a very large and " lately loyal and affectionate Part of His People, entirely alienated from His Government; nor can we " conceive, that such an.Event, as the Disaffection and " Revolt of a whole People, could have taken Place " 'without some considerable Error in the Conduct observed towards them; these erroneous Measures, we " conceive are to be imputed to a Want of sufficient " Information being laid before Parliament, and to too " large a Degree of Confidence being repol'ed in those " Ministers, who, from their Duty were obliged, and " from their official Situation were bell enabled, to " know the Temper and Disposition of His Majesty’s " American Subjects, and were therefore presumed moll " capable of pointing out such Measures as might produce the moll salutary Effects; hence the Schemes " which were formed for the Reduction and Chaftisement of a supposed inconsiderable Party of factious " Men, have driven Thirteen large Provinces to Despair: Every Act which has been proposed as a Means " of procuring Peace and Submi!lion, has become a new " Cause of War and Revolt; mid we now find ourselves " almofit inextricably iuvolved in a bloody and expensive Civil War, which, bolides exhauliing. at present " the Strength of all His Majesty’s Dominions, exposing our Allies to the Deligns of their and our Enc-c mies, and leaving this Kingdom in a most perilous " Situation, threatens in its Ilfue, the most deplorable " Calamities to the whole British Race.

" We cannot avoid lamenting, that, in Conseqtience " of the Credit given to the Representations of Ministers, no Hearing has been given to the reiterated

" Complaints

17 Geo. III. 310 OftobriL

Complaints and Petitions of the Colonies, neither has " any Ground been laid for removing the original " Canfe of thcfc unhappy Differences, which took their " Rife from Questions relative to Parliamentary Proceedings, and can be settled only by Parliamentary " Authority: By this fatal Oihiflion, the Commissioners nominated for the apparent Purpose of making Peace, were furnished with no legal Powers, but that of giving or withholding Pardons at their Pleasure, and for relaxing the Severities of a fn>gle Act " of Parliament, leaving the whole Foundation'ofthisunhappy Controversy just as it flood in the Beginning.

" To represent to His Majesty, that, in Addition to " this Neglect, when in the Beginning of the last Session His Majesty, in His gracious Speech to both " Houses of Parliament, declared His Resolution of " fending out Commissioners for the Purposes therein " expressed " as speedily as possible," no such Commissioners were sent until near Seven Months afterwards; and until the Nation was alarmed by the " Evacuation of the only Town then held for His Majesty in the Thirteen United Colonies: By this Delay, Acts of the mofl critical Nature, the Effect of " which mull as much depend on the Power of imrac- diately relaxing them on Submission, as in enforcing " them upon Disobedience, had only an Operation to " inflame and exasperate.

" But if any Colony, Town, or Place, had been' ihduced to fuhmit by the Operation of the Terrors of these Acts, there were none on the Place of Pow'er " to restore the People so submitting to the common " Rights of Subjection. — The Inhabitants of the Co- Ionics apprized that they were put out of the Protection of Government, and seeing no Means provided for their entering into it, were furnished with " Reasons but too colourable for breaking off their " Dependency bn the Crown of this Kingdom. To " assure His Majesty, that removing our Confidence " from those who in so many Instances have grossly abused it, we shall endeavour to rellore to Parliament, the Confidence of all His People; to this End " it may be advilable to make a more minute Enquiry * into the Grievances of the Colonies, as w-cll as into " the Conduct of Ministers with regard to them. We " may think it proper particularly to inquire how it " has happened, that the Commerce of this Kingdom " has been left exposed to the Reprisals of the Colonies " at the very Time when their Seamen and Fishermen,

" being indiscriminately prohibited from the peaceable " Fixercife of their Occupation, and declared oj)en " Enemies, must be expected with a certain Assurance " to betake themselves to plunder, and to wreak their " Revenge on the Commerce of Great Britain.

" That we under and, that amidll the many Difafters and Disgraces which have attended on His Majesty's Arms in many Parts of , Advantage

" has been gained by llis Majesty’s British and Foreign " mercenary Forces in the Province of , that

" if a wife, moderate, and provident Use be made of " this Advantage, it is not improbable that happy Efsects may result from that Use; and we assure His Majesty, that nothing shall be wanting on our Part " to enable His Majesty to take full Advantage of any " Dispositions to Reconciliation, which may be the Consequence of the Miseries of War, by laying down, on " our Part, real permanent Grounds of Connexion between Great Britain and the Colonies, on Principles " of Liberty, and Terms of mutual Advantage.

" That whilll we lament this EfVufion of English " Blood (which we hope has not been greater or other " than Necessity required and Honour justified) we ' should moll heartily congratulate His Majesty on " any Event leading to the great desirable End of settling «, Peace which might promise to last, by the lleftoration of the ancient Affection which has happily VoL. 36.

" subsisted in former Times between this Kingdom and " its Colonies; any other would necessarily require,

" even in case of a total Conquell, an Army to main-"l ain, ruinous to the Finances and incompatible with " the Freedom of His Majesty’s People; Ave should look " with the utmost Shame and Horror on any Events " of what Nature soever that should tend to break the " Spirit of any large Part of the British Nation, to bow " them to an abject unconditional Submission to any " Power whatsoever, to annihilate their Liberties, and " to subdue them to servile Principles and passive Flabits, by the mere Force of Foreign mercenary Arms;

" because, amidll the Exoefles and Abuses which have " happened, we mull respect the Spirit and Principles " operating in these Commotions, our Wish is to regulate, not to destroy them; for though differing in " some Circumstances, those very Principles evidently " bear so exact an Analogy with those which support " the moll valuable Part of our own Constitution, that " it is impossible, with any Appearance of Justice, to " think of wholly extirpating them by the Sword in " any Part of His Majesty’s Dominions, without admitting Consequences, and establishing Precedents, the ’

" moll dangerous to the Liberties of this Kingdom," instead thereof. ‘ 1

The House was moved, That the Resolution, which, upon the 27th Day of February 17.75, was repotted from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider fbrther of the several Papers/ which were presented to the House by the Lord North, upon the 19th and 31st Days of , and the' ill

and 15th Days of February 1775, by His Majesty V Command, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out Hand part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

for he Yeas. } M*.

Tellers for the Noes. } 87.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put, That an humble Address

Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Ma- the jesty the Thanks of this House, for His moll Gracious ipeeth* Speech from the Throne.

To assure H is Majesty, that while we lament the Continuance of the Troubles which have so long distracted His Colonies in North America, and of the Calamities and Oppressions which our unhappy Fellow Subjects are Hill iuffering, under the arbitrary Tyranny of their Leaders, w'e cannot forbear to express our Detellatiort and Abhorrence of the audacious and desperate Spirit of Ambition, which has at last carried those Leaders so far, as openly to renounce all Allegiance to the Crown, and all political Connexion with this Country; and in direct Terms to presume to set up their rebellious Confederacies for Independent States.

That we consider their Rejection of the gracious and condescending Means of Reconciliation, held out to them under the Authority of llis Majesty’s Commission, as k fresh and convincing Proof that the Object of thele Men has always been Power and Dominion; but we can impute the Circumstances oflndignity and Insult, accompanying this Proceeding, to no other Motive, than a Resentment of His Majesty’s firm and constant Adherence to the Maintenance of the Constitutional Rights of Parliament, dwelled of every possible View of any separate Interests of the Crow n: And to assure His Majesty, that the same Attachment of His Majesty to the Parliamentary Authority of Great Britain, which hath provoked the Insolence of the Chiefs, of this Rebellion, cannot but operate, as it oughtto do,

C in

6 3i® OScbris — i° Novemhris. A. 1776.

in fixing His Majesty still deeper, if possible, in the Affections of a British House of Commons.

With Reverence and Gratitude to Divine Providence, to express our unfeigned Joy, and to offer our sincere Congratulations to His Majesty, on the Success which has attended the good Conduct and Valour of His Majesty’s Officers and Forces both by Sea and Land, and the Zeal and Bravery of the Auxiliary^ Troops in His Service in the Recovery of , and in the important Operations in the Province of New York; which give the strongest Hopes of the moil decisive good Consequences.

To assure His Majesty, that we learn, with much Satisfaction, that His Majesty continues to receive Assurances of Amity from the several Courts of and that we thankfully acknowledge His Majesty’s Goodness and Paternal Concern for the Happiness of His People, in His constant Attention to preserve the general Tranquillity; and that it is our moil earnest Wish, that, by His Majesty’s Interposition, all Mifun-derstandings and Differences between Two Neighbouring Powers may be happily reconciled, and still

enjoy the Blessings of Peace.

That wef-consider it as a Duty we owe to His Majesty, and to those we represent, to grant His Majesty such Supplies as the weighty Considerations, which His Majesty has been pleased to state to us, shall be found to require; and we have a well-grounded Confidence, that, at this Time, when the Object of the Rebels is openly avowed, and clearly unaerstood, the general Conviction of the Justice and Necessity of His Majesty’s Measures mull unite all Ranks of His faithful Subjects, in supporting His Majesty with one Mind and Heart, in the great National Cause in which he is engaged.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas. } t3z.

Tellers for the Noe, { $£ J 83.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Neville, Mr. Hatton, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Grey Mr. Rice, the Earl Nugent, the Lord North, Mr. Jen-

kinson, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. D'Oyley, Mr. u cll, Mr. EUis, Sir Herbert Mr. Cornwall,

the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Eden, Mr. Pen-ton, Lord George Germain, or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Queen's Mr. Onslow acquainted the House, that the Gentle-Anwer to men appointed to attend Her Majesty with the Message ©iwbeBirth House of the 21st Day of May, in the said

of a Session of Parliament (to congratulate Her Majesty on Princefi. the Birth of another Princets, and on Her Majesty’s happy Recovery; to repeat to Her Majesty those Expressions of unfeigned Regard and Attachment, which are so jullly due to Her Majesty’s Virtues, from a

Sateful and affectionate People; and to assure Her Majesty, that this House cannot but receive the moll sincere Satisfaction from every Event which contributes to Her Majesty’s Domestic Happiness) had attended Her Majesty accordingly; and that Her Majesty was pleased to say.

Gentlemen,

This fresh Mark of Duty to the King, and Regard

to Me, from the House of Commons, calls for my moll sincere Thanks.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Southampton the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wr‘t. the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, in the Room of the Right honourable Hans Stanley, who, since his Election for the said Town,

hath accepted the Office of Cofferer of His Majesty’s Houshold.

t

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Cambridge the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge, in the room of the Honourable Charles Sloane Cadogan, now Lord Cadogan, called up to the

House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Exeter the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Exeter, in the County of Devon, in the room of John Walter, Esquire, who, fmee his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of East Hendred, in the County of Berks.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

x

Veneris, i* dieNovembris\

Anno 170 Georgii III'" Regis, 1776.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Dorothea Margreta Hartman, Htrtmaa's jLm. was present ed to the House, and read; Praying, Nat. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for her Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Elwes and Mr. Winchcombe Hartley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees to an Act, made Famd» in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, in- Common, tituledj " An Act for repairing, widening, turning, and Road.

" shortening the Road leading from the Turnpike " Road on Farr acts Common, in the Parish of Bradford,

" through Holt and Melksham, to Homan's Stile, in the " Parish of Lay cock, in the County of Wilts," and of several of the Mortgagees under the said Act, and other Persons, being Inhabitants of Neighbouring Towns and Places, within the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Act has been put in Execution; for which Pur-> pose a considerable Sum of Money was borrowed, and remains due, and cannot be repaid during the subsisting Term of the said Act: and that some Alterations are necessary to be made to the said Act; and that the Petitioners apprehend it would be it further Advantage, if a Road was made from the aforesaid Road, at or near a Place called Oxen Leaze, in the said Parish of Bradford, to Great and Little Cha\feld; and the Road from thence through Wraxhall, to join the Bath Turnpike Road at or near the Swan Alehouse, upon Kingsdown Hill, in the Parish of Box; and also the Road from or near the Bell, in Broughton, in the Parish of Broughton Gifford, by Lipyate Nap, to the End of Norrington

Lane, adjoining to the Parish of Melksham, in the said County, were properly amended and widened: and

therefore

i7 Geo. III.

i° Novembfis.

tower

Compton

to

therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in every Cloth-working Town throughout the Counties in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said of , and , and would thereby

Act; and for making, amending, and widening the tend greatly to the Damage and Ruin Of many said other Roads, under such Reflations as the House Thousands of the industrious Poor employed in that shall think proper. Manufacture: And therefore praying the House to

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the take the Premises into Consideration, and abolish the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- Use of the said Spinning Machine in the said County, amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it being offered to be presented to the House;

Shall appear to them, to the House: And a Motion being made, and the Question being

And it is referred to Mr. Herbert, Mr. Mauger, &c.: put. That the said Petition be brought up;

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, living in, near, and usually travelling the great Western Road, from an House called The Half Way House, in the Parish of Lower Compton, in the County of Dorset, through

the Towns of Yeovill, Crew kerne, and Chard, to the

East End of the Town of Axminster, in the County of Devon, and several other Roads round the said Town i of Yeovill in the County of Somerset, and more particularly of the several Trustees appointed and acting under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the same Roads, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth. That, by virtue of the Powers given by the said Act, the Sum of Five thousand two hundred and Fifty Pounds hath been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, and carefully laid out and expended in repairing and widening the said Roads; but, from the Badnefe of Materials used in repairing the fame, and the constant and continual passing and repairing of many heavy Carriages thereon, the Trustees have not been able to pay off any Part of the said Sum, but have regularly paid the Interest thereof; and forasmuch as the said Act is near expiring, and the Roads will soon become ruinous and impassable, unless the Tolls are annually expended in repairing the fame, the Petitioners therefore pray. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for renewing the said Act, under the like or such other Powers,* and to continue for such Term of Years, as to the House shall seem meet; and that a Power be thereby given to Trustees, therein to be named, for extending the Limits of the Roads from a Place in the said Act called Vagg Hollow, to the Direction Poll at the Bottom of Vagg Hollow, in the Parish of Yeovill, leading towards lichester, containing in Length Half a Mile; and also from the said Place in the said Act called Vagg Hollow, through the Hollow called Thom, or ^aSg Hollow, to the Cr.ofs Road at the Bottom thereofiin the said Parish of leading from

to Chilthornand TintenhulL, in the said County of

Somerset, containing in Length Half a Mile, with full Power to widen and repair the fame, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Phelips, Mr. Herbert, &c. t And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Spinning

Jenny;

WoollenMt-

nufacture.

A Petition of the Wire-drawers, Card-board-makers, Card-makers, Scriblers, Spinners, Twisters, Weavers, and others, employed in the Woollen Manufactory, in Fromeselwood, Shepton Mallett, and other Cloth-working Towns in the county of ; Setting forth.

That a Machine called The Spinning Jenny, for carding and spinning of Wool into Yarn, had been lately introduced and put in Practice in the Town of Shepton Mallett, in the said County; and that the Petitioner* were apprehensive that the same would be established Vol. 36.

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do fit every Tuesday va. the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts' of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges be appointed:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Bacon, Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Lascelles, Mr, Montagu, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Charles Bunbtiry, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Rous, Mr. Gren-

ville, Mr. Popham, Mr. Pownall, Mr. Wallace, Mr. Fraser, Mr. Hay, Mr. OnslotcSir Archibald Edmon-

stone, Mr. Murray, Mr. Gilbert, the Lord,

Mr. Buller, Mr. Attorney General, the Lord Mr. Burke, Mr. Rice, Colonel Barre, Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Morton, Mr. Solicitor General, the Earl Nugent, Sir Herbert Mackworth, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Elwes, Mr. De Grey, Lord George Germain, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Rigby, Sir George Savile, Sir John Goodricke, the Lord Westcot, Mr. Cruger, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. D'Oyley: And they are to meet upon Monday Sevennight, at Seven of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon; and all who come are to have Voices; and they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Privileges; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, from Time to Time; and the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information; and if any thing shall come in Question, touching the Matter of Privilege of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate.

Ordered, That all Persons who will question any Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, do question the same within Fourteen Days next, and so within 1 Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in; and that all Members who are returned for Two or more Places do make their Election by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place; and if any thing shall come in Question touching the Return or Election of any Member, he is

Grand

Committees,

Committee

of

Privileges.

Returns to be questioned within <4 Dajrv Sec.

to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate; and that all Members returned upon Double Returns do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved , That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That where this House shall judge any

Petition

Usual

Orders.

Ufu»l

Order*.

i° Novembris.A. 1776V

Petition touching Elections to be frivolous and vexa- H,ouse; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this tious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers the Person petitioned against. aforesaid.

Refolivd,'That, if it shall appear that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery or any other corrupt Practices^ this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence, in any Case, before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons hr Parliament.

Resolved, That, in all Cases of controverted Elections for Counties in England and ales, the Petitioners do, by themselves,. or by their Agents, within a convenient Time, to be appointed by the House, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members; giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to;-and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Part, to the Petitioners, or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody any Stranger, or Strangers, that he shall see, or be in-framed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is Sitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody, without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do pre*-fume to bring any Stranger, or Strangers, into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is lifting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take Care, that, from

Eleven of the.Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session. of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Tempie Bar and Westminster Hall

shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstructions be made, by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this 18

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take Care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster Ilall, or the Passages leading to the House,. during the Sitting of Parliament'; and that there be no Annoyance, by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwish, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do fee the fame

put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this. House do take Care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody biit by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting, or losing, of Letters directed to Members of this House, the person appointed to bring Letters from the General Poll Office to this House,"or some other Person to be appointed by the Poll Matter General, do, for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend, from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till one in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the least immediately after the llifing of the House, and also from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; ajid take Care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Poll Matter General.

Ordered, That when any Letter, or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do opeu the feme; and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House. do, from Time to Time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person but such as he shall appoint do presume to print the feme.

Ordered, That the Chaplain to this House, do preach before this House, at Saint Margaret’s, Westminster, upon Tuesday next, the 5th Day of this Instant, November.

Mr. Neville reported from the Committee, appointed Yesterday to draw up an Addrefc to be presented to

His

Y

Address on the Kind's Speech-.

17 Geo. III. i° Novembris. 9

His Majesty, that the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the fame; in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read: and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to return your Majesty the humble Thanks of this House, for Your most Gracious Speech from the Throne.

While we lament the Continuance of the Troubles which have so long distrgcted Your Majesty’s Colonies in North America, and of the Calamities and Oppref-

fions which our unhappy Fellow Subjects are hill suffering under the arbitrary Tyranny of their leaders; we cannot forbear to express our Detestation and Abhorrence of the audacious and desperate Spirit of Ambition, which has at lall carried those Leaders so far as to make them openly renounce all Allegiance to the Crown, and all political Connexion with this Country, and in direct Terms to presume to set up their rebellious Confederacies for independent States.

We consider their Rejection of the gracious and condescending Means of Reconciliation, held out to them, under the Authority of Your Majesty’s Com-roiflion, as a fresh and convincing Proof that the Object of these Men has always been Power and Dominion; but we can impute the Circumstances of Indignity and Infuit accompanying this Proceeding to no other Motive, than a Resentment of Your Majesty’s firm and constant Adherence to the Maintenance of the Constitutional Rights of Parliament, diverted of every possible View of any separate Interests of the Crown: And we beg Leave to assure Your Majesty, that the same Attachment of Your Majesty to the Parliamentary Authority of Great Britain, which hath provoked the Insolence of the Chiefs of this Rebellion, cannot but operate, as it ought to do, in fixing Your Majesty still deeper, if possible, in the Affections of a British I louse of Commons.

With Reverence and Gratitude to Divine Providence, permit us to express our unfeigned Joy, and to offer our sincere Congratulations to Your Majesty, on the Success which has attended the good Conduct and Valour of your Majesty’s Officers and Forces both by Sea and Land, and the Zeal and Bravery of the Auxiliary Troops in Y our Service, in the Recovery of Canada, and in the important Operations in the Province of New York, which give the strongest Hopes of the most decisive good Consequences.

It is with much Satisfaction we learn, that Your Majesty continues to receive Assurances of Amity from the several Courts of Europe: And we thankfully acknowledge Your Majesty’s Goodness and Paternal Concern for the Happiness of Your People, in your constant Attention to preserve the general Tranquillity '; and it is our mostearnest Wish that, by Your Majesty’s Interpo-fition, all Misunderstandings and Differences between Two Neighbouring Powers may be happily reconciled, and Europe’still enjoy the Blefiings of Peace.

Your faithful Commons consider it as a Duty which they owe to Your Majesty, and to those they represent, to grant Y’our Majesty such Supplies as the weighty Considerations, which Y’our Majesty has been pleased to stateHo us, shall be found to require; and we have a well-grounded Confidence, that, at this Time, when the Object oi the Rebels is openly avowed and clearly understood, the general Conviction of the Justice and Necessity of Y’our Majesty’s Measures mull unite all Ranks of Y our faithful Subjects in supporting Y our Majesty with one Mind and Heart in the great National Cause in which You arc engaged.

The said Address being l ead a Second Time;

V OL. 3b.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address to be presented to His Ma»

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when He will be attended by this House.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most Gracious Speedi The King* to both Houses of Parliament be taken into Considera- Speech tion Tomorrow Morning.

to be considered.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed in, highly, and by virtue of, an Act of Parliament, passed in the p^y Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Kighly to " Wakefield and Halifax, and from Dudley Hill to " Killinghall, and the South West Corner of Harrogate Inclosures; and more effectually to repair the " Roads from Leeds to Halifax, and Bowling,

" and Little Horton Lane; and for building a Bridge " over tile River Wharf, at Pool, in the West Riding of " the County of York;"and also of several of the Cre- -ditors who have lent several large Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls arising from the Bars erected upon the said Roads by virtue of and under the said Act; and also of several other Gentlemen, Free holders. Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the Ibid.Riding, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in pursuance of the said Act, several Turnpike Gates and Toll Houses have been erected and set up upon the said Roads, and several large Sums of Money have been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls and Duties arising therefrom, which have been laid out towards the repairing, amending, and widening, the same Roads, and erecting Toll Houses and Turnpike Gates thereon; and that the Money so borrowed still remains due, and the Tolls and Duties by the said Act directed to be collected upon the said Roads are insufficient to pay off the ' same and the Interest thereof, and to keep the said Roads in Repair; and that the Term by the said Act granted is expired; and the Term of Five Years granted in and by a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-eighth Y’ear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Y’ear of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Amendment and " Preservation of the Public Highways and Turnpike " Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual " Execution of the Laws relating thereto," is nearly expired, and the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, without a further Term of Years shall be granted, to take Place after the Expiration of the said additional Term of Five Years, together with some further and other Powers and Authorities than in the said first-mentioned Act are contained; and that several of the Trustees and Creditors under the said Act, and also several other Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and Owners of Land lying near and contiguous to the said Roads, are desirous that an additional Term of Years may be granted, with such further and other Powers and Authorities

as to the House shall seem meet: And therefore praying. That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Mr. Town-

sliend,&c.: And they are to meet l o-marrow Morning,

D at

Hindoo

fcl«£tion*

io i° Novembris. A. 1776.

at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Richard Bedford, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, at an Election, which came on, on or about the ioth l)ay of October 1774, Richard Smith, Esquire? Thomas Brand Hollis, Esquire, James Calthorpe Esquire, and the Pe-

titioner, were Candidates to represent the Borough of Jlindon, in the County of Wilts, in this present Parliament* and that the said Richard Smith and Thomas Brand Hollis*previous to, and during, the said Election, by themselves and their Agents, were guilty of gross Bribery, in corrupting the Voters; and, by those corrupt and illegal Practices, procured themselves to be returned Burgesses, to represent the said Borough in this present Parliament, at the said Election; whereupon the said James Calthorpe and the Petitioner presented their humble Petition to this House, praying such Relief as to the House should seem meet; and that the said Petition was referred to a Committee of the House, and, after the Hearing thereof, the Election and Return of the said Richard Smith and Thomas Brand Hollis were declared by the said Committee to be void; and it was also resolved, by the said Committee, that the said Richard Smith, by his Agents, had been guilty of notorious Bribery, in procuring himself to be elected and returned a Burgeft for the said Borough; and that the aforesaid Resolution of the said Committee was afterwards agreed to by the House; and that afterwards a Prosecution at Law was ordered by the House against the said Richard Smith for the said Bribery, on the Trial whereof the said Richard Smith was convicted of the said Offence; and that a new Writ having issued, for electing Two Burgesses for the said Borough, to supply the said Vacancies, the Election came on the 16th Day of May last, when the Petitioner and the said Richard Smith and Henry Dawkins, Esquires, were.nemed as Candidates; and after some Progress bad been made in the Poll, the said Richard &vtith, in concert with his Friends and Agents, named Joseph Smith, Esquire, as another Candidate; with a view to get a greater Number of Votes, upon the Face of the Poll, for the said Joseph Smith, than might be given for the Petitioner: which, as the said Richard Smith declared, was the only Thing that could serve him, the said Richard Smith, effectually; and that the said Richard Smith procured himself to be, returned a Burgess for the said Borough, at the last Election, by the undue and corrupt Influence of his grols and noto-jious Bribery at the said former Election, in.Consequence whereof the said Richard Smith, (as the Petitioner is advised) was and is incapable of being elected to fit in this present Parliament for the said Borough; and that the said Joseph Smith was an utter Stranger to the said Borough, and unknown to the Inhabitants, and to the Persons having or claiming a Right to vote therein; and that the Votes which were given for the said Joseph Smith, were obtained by the corrupt and illegal influence of the said; and more-

over, that the said Joseph Smith was incapable of being elected and returned a Burgess for the said Borough, he not being, at the Time of the said Election, seised of, or entitled to, such Estate as qualified him for that Purpose; and that John Stroud, Esquire, was also a Candidate at the said last-mentioned Election, and had-only Seven Votes; and that, by the illegal Means aforesaid, and by the Admission of divers Persons to vote for the said Richard Smith and the said Joseph Smith, who had no legal Right to vote; and by the Rejection of several Persons who had a legal Right to vote, and tendered themselves at the Poll for the Petitioner; the said Richard Smith obtained a colourable Majority, and the said Joseph Smith a colourable Equality to the Petitioner, on the Face of the Poll; whereas the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been 16

returned as a Burgess to represent the said Borough in the present Parliament, infteadof the said Richard Smith: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesdaythe 19th Day of this inllant November, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

The following Notices and Orders were sent to Richard Beck ford, Esquire, and also to Richard Smith and Joseph Smith, Esquires, in pursuance of Two Acts, passed in the ioth and 1 ith Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Richard Beckford, Esquire, having, upon the iff Day of this Instant November, presented his Petition, complaining, That at an Election which came on, on or about the ioth Day of October 1774, Richard Esquire, Thomas

Brand Hollis, Esquire, James Calthorpe, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates to ropre-sent the Borough of Jlindon, in the County of Wilts, in this present Parliament; and that the said Richard Smith and Thomas Brand Hollis, previous to and during the said Election, by themselves, and their Agents, were guilty of gross Bribery in corrupting the Voters, and by those corrupt and illegal Practices procured themselves to be returned Burgesses to represent the said Borough in this present Parliament at the said Election, whereupon the said James Calthorpe, and the Petitioner, presented their humble Petition to this House, praying such Relief as to the House should seem meet; and that the said Petition was referred to a Committee of the House; and after the Hearing thereof, the Election and Return of the said Richard Smith and Thomas Brand Hollis were declared by the said Committee to be void; and it was also resolved by the said Committee, that the said Richard Smith, by his Agents, had been guilty of notorious Bribery, in procuring himself to be elected and returned a Burgess for the said Borough, and that the aforesaid Resolution of the said Committee was afterwards agreed to by the House, and that afterwards a Prosecution at Law was ordered by the House against the said Richard Smith for the said Bribery, on the Trial whereof the said Richard Smith was convicted of the said Offence, and that a new Writ having ifl'ued for electing Two Burgesses for the said Borough, to supply the said Vacancies, the Election came on the 16th Day of May last, when the Petitioner, and the said Richard Smith and Henry Daiokhis, Esquires, were named as Candidates; and after some Progress had been made in the Poll, the said Richard Smith, in - concert with his Friends and Agents, nqmed -Joseph Smith, Esquire, as another Candidate, with a view to get a greater Number of Votes, upon the Face of the Poll; for the said Joseph Smith, than might be given for the Petitioner, which, as the said Richard Smith declared, was the only Thing that could serve him, the said Richard Smith, effectually; and that the said Richard Smith procured himself to he returned a Burge (s for the said Borough, at the last Election, by the undue and corrupt Influence of his gross and notorious Bribery at the said former Election; in Consequence whereof, the said Richard Smith (as the Petitioner is advised) was and is incapable of being elected s ' to

17 Geo. III. i° — 40 .

11

to fit in this present Parliament for the said Borough, and that the said Smith was

an utter Stranger to the said Borough, and unknown to the Inhabitants, and to the Persons ' having or claiming ,a Right to vote therein, and that the Votes which were given for the said Joseph Smith were obtained by the corrupt arid illegal Influence of the said Richard Smith, and moreover, that the said Joseph Smith was incapable of being elected and returned a Burgess for the said Borough, he not being, at the Time of the said Election,'seised of or entitled to such Estate as qualified him for that Purpose, and that John Stroud, Esquire, was also a Candidate at the said last mentioned Election, and had only Seven Votes j and that by the illegal Means aforesaid, and by the Admission of divers Persons to vote for the said Richard Smith and the said Joseph Smith, who had no legal Right to vote, and by the Rejection of several Persons who had a legal Right to vote, and tendered themselves at the Poll for the Petitioner, the said Richard Smith obtained a colourable Majority, and the said Joseph Smith, a colourable Equality to the Petitioner on the Face of the Poll, whereas the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned as a Burgess to represent the said Borough in the present Parliament instead of the said Richard Smith; and the House having appointed the Nineteenth Day of this Instant November, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, to take the said Petition into Consideration, you are therefore to take Notice, that the House will, at that Time, take the same Petition into Consideration.

Given under my Hand, the Second Day of November, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six.

Flr. Norton, Speaker.

To Richard Bedford, Esquire.

Veneris, i# die Nov 1776.

Ordered, That Richard Bedford, Esquire, do, by himself, his Counsel, or Agent, attend this House upon I the Nineteenth

Day of this Instant November, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

\ J. Hatfell,

Cl. Dorn. Com.

The like Notice and Order to Richard Smith and Joseph Smith, Esquires.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 2° die Novembris;

Anno 17® Georgii III1* Regis, 1776.

point to be attended this Day, at Two of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James.

And tfien the House adjourned till Monday Moro-ing, Ten of the Clock.

LutkZj 40 die Novembris;

Anno 17* Georgii IIItH Regis, 1776.

MR. Speaker reported to the House, That the King's House attended His Majesty on Saturday last, Answer with their Address; to which His Majesty was pleased Address. to give this moll Gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

This very loyal Address deserves My particular Thanks. I receive with the highell Satisfaction yoqf affectionate Acknowledgment of My confiapt Regard for the Constitutional Rights of Parliament, and your zealous Assurances of Confidence and Support in this great Contest, in which the Interests of all My Subjects are so essentially poncerned.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions Private for Private Bills, after the 10th Day of February next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made upon Saturday last, that a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration King’s His Majesty’s moll Gracious Speech to both Houses of Speech Parliament,

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

considered.

Supply.

Prayers.

Mr. Elwes presented to the House, according to Hartman’* Order, a Bill for naturalizing Dorothea Nat*

Hartman: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Prayers. \

The King *11 /fB.Comptroller of the Houshold reported to the

for'receivb* IVI House, that His Majesty, having been waited Ad^else]nS up011 (pursuant to the Order of Yesterday) humbly to know His Majesty Pleasure, when he would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to ap-Vol. 36.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Hindon Friday last, for taking into Consideration, upon Tuef- Election. day the 19th Day of this Instant November, the Petition of Richard Bedford, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of jn

the County of Wilts, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered,

Chaplain.

Funds

Common]

&c.

Road.

12

4° — 6° Noventbris. A. 1776’.

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. to Homan's St He, in the Parish of Laycock, in the County

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con- of and for completing a Communication be-

sideration upon Tuesday the Third Day of December tween the said Road and the Bath Turnpike Road, next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. upon Kingsdown Hill, in the same County: And that

Memorandum: Mr. Herbert, the Lord Sir John Sebright,

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Or- Mr. and Mr. Goddard, do prepare, and bring

ders for their Attendance accordingly. in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Enfield thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of . Freehold and Copyhold Messuages and Lands in the 11C 0 urCtr several Parishes of Enfield, Edmonton, South Mimms, and Monken Hadley, or some of them, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That His Majesty, in Right of His Duchy of Lancaster, is seised of The of Enfield, lying within the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, containing 8000 Acres of Land, and upwards; and that all Freeholders and Copyholders within the aforesaid Parishes, or their Tenants for the Time being, are entitled (amongst other Rights) to an un-stinted Right of Common upon the said Chafe, for divers Kinds of Cattle throughout the Year; and that the said Chafe, in its present State, yields very little Profit, either to His Majesty, or to the said Freeholders and Copyholders, or their Tenants, in Comparison of what it might do if the same was divided and improved; and that, with a View to such Division, a Survey and Admeasurement of the said Ch have been lately made and taken; and a Treaty being set on Foot, between the Officers of His Majesty’s Duchy of Lancaster, on the Part and Behalf of His Majesty, and the Freeholders and Copyholders of the said several Parishes, it hath been proposed and agreed, that certain Parts or Shares of the said Chafe shall be set out and allotted to the several Freeholders and Copyholders of the said Four several Parishes, in lieu of their Rights and Privileges upon the said Cand that other Parts thereof shall be set out and allotted to the Owners of the Tythes arising within the said Parish of Enfield, in lieu and Discharge of the Tythes of certain Parts of the said Chafe; and that the Residue of the said Chafe shall remain the absolute Property of His Majesty, His Heirs and Suqcelfors, in Severalty, freed and discharged from all Tythes whatsoever; and that such Division and Apportionment of the said Chafe will not only manifestly tend to the Benefit of His Majesty, and all Persons immediately interested therein, but, by reason of the Extent of the said Chafe, the Goodness of its Soil, and its Vicinity to the Metropolis, will also be of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, setting out, and allotting, the said Chafe, to and amongst the King’s Majesty, and all other Persons interested therein, under such Regulations, Provisions, and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Whitioorth, Mr. Skynner, Mr. Gilbert, and

Mr. Charles Mellifk, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 6* die Novembris;

Anno 17* Georgii III1'* Regis, 1776.

Prayers.

flRDERED, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Reverend Arthur Onslow, Chaplain to this House, for the Sermon by him preached Yesterday before this House, at Saint Margaret's, Westminster.

Mr. Herbert reported from the Committee, to whom , the petition of several of the Trustees to an Act made in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing, widening, turning, " and shortening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Farrads Common, in the Parish of " Bradford, through Holt and Melhsham, to Homan's " Stile, in the Parish of Laycock, in the County of Wilts ;"and of several of the Mortgagees under the said Act, and other Persons, being Inhabitants of neighbouring Towns and Places, within the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is . as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Paul Newman, Esquire, the Treasurer, produced to your Committee the Book of Accounts relating to the Trust, whereby it appears, that there is at present no more than Twenty-five Pounds in Hand; that there is upwards of One Thousand Pounds due upon Mortgage of the Tolls} that the limiting the Number of Turnpikes by the said Act has been prejudicial to the Road; and that the Money now owing cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in Repair, unless those Limitations are taken off, the Term of the said Act enlarged, and some other Alterations made therein.

And the W itness being further examined, said, That it would be a great Advantage to the Public in general, and more particularly to the clothing Manufactory, if a Communication was made from the Road by the said Act directed to be repaired, at or near a Place called Oxen Leaze, in the Parish of Bradford, to Great and Little Cha[field, and from thence through

hall to the Bath Turnpike Road, at or near the Swan Alehouse upon Kingsdown Hill, in the Parish of Box, in the said County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing, widening, turning, and shortening, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Farrads Common, in the Parish of Bradford, through Holt and Melhsham,

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Kighley, whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed &c. in, and by virtue of, an Act of Parliament, passed in the Roalij* Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads, from Kighley to Wtike field and Halifax, and from Dudley Hill to " Killinghall, and the South West Comer of Harrogate " Inclosures; and more effectually to repair the Roads " from Leeds to Halifax, and Bozo ling Lane, and " tie Horton Lane; and for building a Bridge over the " River Wharf, at Pool, in the West Riding of the " County of York;" and also of several of the Creditors, who have lent several large Sums of Money upon

the

Supply.

EJKmatts*

&c.

Oftfcftd;

A*mjr.

17 Geo. lit <5°

the Credit of the Tolls arising from the Bars erected upon the said Roads l>v virtue of and under the said Act; and also of several other Gentlemen, Freeholders* Merchants, Tradel'men, and other Inhabitants, of the said Riding, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and foundthat the handing Orders of the House, of the zijth of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them* to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, this said Act was read: And,

Mr. Samuel Lijler, being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed the Sum of £. 16,429 upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act; which has been laid out in the Repair of the said Roads, and other the Purposes of the said Act.

That the Term granted by the said Act is near expiring; and that the Money borrowed as aforesaid cannot be paid ofr, and the Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and some of the foils increased.

And the Witness further said, That, in order to render the Road in the Town of Bing ley safe and commodious, it will bo net diary to widen the fame, by taking in a small Part of the Church Yard belonging to the said Town; and that several other Amendments and Alterations are necessary to be made to the said Act, to enable the Trullees to keep the said Roads in good Repair.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the d erm, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of lo much of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the Roads from to

field, and from Kighley to Hand from Dudley Hill, through Beckzeith Share, to and from

Beckzeith Shaw to the South Well Corner of Harrogate Inclosures, in the County of York: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. Charles Mellish do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Wfrilworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion made upon Saturday fall, that a Supply be granted to His Majesty; the Resolution which the Committee hod directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth, viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply by granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

Resolved, Nemine Contradicen, That this House

doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy for the Year 1777, with an Estimate of Half Pay of Officers of the Navy, and such of the Officers of the Marines as were employed in the last War, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what areproposed VOL. 36.

to be done upon the Heads of Weur and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1777, be laid before this House,(

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guardi Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1777; be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1777, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces; and bf such of the Officers of the Marines as were reduced before the.. last War, who are to be on Half Pay for the Year 1777; be laid before this House,

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chefea Hospital\for the Year 1777, be

laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account bf Services incurred, and Hot provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House; shewing the Monies arisen within the respective Half Years ended at the 5th Day of April 1776, and the toth Day of October 1776, as well of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called The Aggregate Fund, J as of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called The South Sea Fund, as also of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called The General Fund.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House the said Estimates, Lift and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the Adjourn-Houl'e this Day, adjourn till Friday Morning next, ment-

A Petition of several of the Justices of the Peace, Crouch Hill Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County pjtchiin. of Sussex; and of the several Persons usually travelling j^d. w the Road from Crouch Hill, in the Parish of through the Town of Hurfiperpoint, to the Town of Ditch ling, in the said County of Sussex, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from the Turnpike Road from Henfield to IJandcross, at Crouch Hill, through the Parishes of Henfield, Woodmancote, Shermanbury, Twineham, to

High Cross, in the Parish of Albourneand from High CroJ'saforesaid, by Albourne Green, through the said Parish oiAlbourne, to and through the Parish andTovvn of Hurfiperpoint, and through the Parish of Clayton, to the Turnpike Road leading from Brighthelmfione to Cuckfield, and from the said last mentioned Turnpike Road, through the several Parishes of Clayton aforesaid,

Keymer and Ditchling, to the Town of Ditchling, all iu

the said County of Sufi'ex; is in a very ruinous Condition, and in several Places narrow and dangerous; so as to be impassable for Carriages in Winter, and vety incommodious for Travellers at all Seasons, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair; by the ordinary Course of Law; and that, if the same Was properly widened and repaired, it would be of great Convenience to the adjacent Country, and of general Advantage: And therefore praying, That I.eave may be given to bring in a Bill for. repairing, widening, and amending, the said Road, by such Ways and Moans* and under such Regulations, as to the House shall fp^n meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to thp Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex*, amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as shall appear to them, to the House: - ' \

And it is referred to Mr. Goring; Sir Thomas.

Wilson, &c.: And they are to meet upon Friaiy

E Morning

HrirfWd,

See.

Road*

Uckfield,

Road*

h

Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; ami have Power to fend ion Persons, Papers, and licctyds.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from the Maypole, at the End of the Turnpike

Road in the Town and Parish of Hen field, in the County of Sussex, through the Parishes of Woodman-

coat, and Poynings, in the said County, to and over

Poynings Common, in the Parish of and from

thence, through the Parishes of Poynings,

Hough ton, Patcham, Blatching Preston Hove, and Brigkthelmflon, in the said County, to the Town of BrighthcLmJion; ami also, from Poynings Common, through the Parishes of Poynings, and

Albourne, in the said County, to or near High CroJ's, in the Parish of Albourne aforesaid; that is to lay, to the Meeting of Two Roads or Lancs there, the one leading from High Cross to Twincham, and the other leading from High CroJ's to Saint John's Common, in the said County: and from the said Meeting of the Two Roads or Lands aforesaid, along the Road or Lane leading to Ticinehamas aforesaid. Two Furlongs is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and very incommodious and dangerous to Passengers; and cannot be effectually repaired, widened,-and rendered commodious, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Rill for repairing and widening the said Road, in such Manner as to the House may.teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of p. Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Goring, Sir Thomas Spencer Wilson, &c.: And they are to meet upon Friday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock* in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Union Point, near the Town of in the County of Sussex, to Langney Bridge, in the Parish of Wcjlhahi, in the said County; and of several

other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, and have borrowed several Sums of Money, which cannot be repaid, and the said Road kept in sufficient Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and further Powers given; and that the Road leading from the SideGate on the Horsebridge Turnpike Road, in the Parish of to Horam,

.in the Parish of Waldron, «nd from thence through J^Jtlle London, in the said Parish of Waldron, to the Turnpike Road leading from to . in the said County of Sussex, is in a ruinous Condition, jtuiid in the "Winter Season dangerous to Travellers and 1 Carriages; and cannot be effectually amended, widened, andkept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and Yt would be of general Utility and Advantage, if Powers t were given to the said Trustees to repair, widen, and amend, the said Road: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, uuder-such Regulations as to the House shall . seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it Is referred’ to Sir Thomas Spencer Wi(Jont .14

Mr. Goring, Sac.: And they are to meet upon Friday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend lor Persons, Papers* and Records.

A Petition of the honourable Bartholomew Bouverie Shaftefhutjr was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth*

That, at the lad Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Shaftejburin the County of IForfet, George Rous, Esquire, and the Petitioner* were Candidates; and that at the lad General Election many notorious Acts of Corruption were practised within the said Borough, by Francis Sykes, Esquire,

(whose Election and Return for the same were, on account. of the said Corruption, declared void); and many of the Electors of the said Borough, dill continuing eor- > ruptly attached to the said Francis Sykes, by the aforesaid illegal Practices, were, by the personalSolicitations of the said Francis Sykes, influenced to give their Votes for the said George Rons; and that, by Means of these and divers other illegal and unwarrantable Practices, the said George Rous hath been elected and returned to serve in Parliament fyr the said Borough, in manifed Wrong of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned for the said Borough; and that the Petitioner apprehends that the was not at the Time of the Election, nor is now, possessed of an Edate sufficient to qualify him to dt and vote in the House: And therefore praying the House to fix an early Day for the Appointment of a Committee, to try the Merits of the lad Election and Return for the said Borough.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tiuj’day the 28th Dayo next,

at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In purl'uance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11 th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders.for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall he thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Motion was made, and the Qnedion being put, American That this House will resolve itfelfinto a Committee of Colonies, the whole House, toconlider of the Revilal of all Acts of Parliament, by which His Majel’ty’s Subjects in America think themselves aggrieved;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for lire Yeas, } 17-

Tellers forgoes, -or, - .

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

6° NovembrU.

Answer to

Address

for

Eflknate&

treat *Tonringten W oollen

Kanu£iitui c.

W’arrtMnftcTj 5c c. Roads.

17 Geo. III. 8 0 Novenilrihij}

Veneris, 8° dieNovembris j

Anno 17* Georgii III1'1 Regis, 1776.

pRAYEllS.

r\ORO TJIEA Margreta Hartman took the *-' Oaths appointed, in order to her Naturalization.

Mr. Comptroller of the Houshold reported to the House, that their Address of last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that the Estimates, Lift, and Accounts therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

A Petition of the several Inhabitants of the Parish of Great Torrington, in the County of Devon, on Behalf

of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and rfead; Setting forth, That formerly a very considerable Woollen Manufacture was carried on within the fakl Parish; but that of late the same is greatly decayed, and many of the Inhabitant's are reduced to very great 'Dili rcls for Want of Employment; and that there is, within the said Parish, a Common or Waste Land, called Great Torrington Common, consisting of about 400 Acres, which is the Property of the Petitioners; and that aProposal hath been made to them by William

Gallon, of London, Merchant, that in case the Petition-' ers would grant him Part of the said Common or Waste Land, not exceeding 50 Acres, he will undertake to erect Mills, and other proper Buildings, for establishing and carrying on a Woollen Manufacture there; and the Petitioners apprehend, that the carrying into Execution the said Proposal would be very advantageous to them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to empower the Petitioners to grant Part of the said Common or Waste Land, not exceeding 50 Acres, for the Purposes aforesaid, upon such Conditions, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think lit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, purliiant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Walter and Mr. Phelips do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

said, is in a ruinous Condition, and in many Parts bar* tow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended and kept in good Repair by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powders of the said Act, And for making such Provision therein for repairing the last mentioned Branch of Road, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they da examine the Matter thereof; and report the same as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Phelips, Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Clerks of Assize, Clerks of the Account Peace, Town Clerks, or other proper Officers of Liber- of ties and Towns, holding Sessions, at which Felons have Transported, been usually ordered for Transportation, do, on or before tire ift Day of January next, make out correct Lifts in Writing, of all Persons, who, between the ift Day of November; 1769, and the ift Day of this Instant

November, have, at their respective Seffiorfs of Oyer and Terminer, of Gaol Delivery, or of the Peace, been sentenced to Transportation; or have, within their respective Districts, been ordered for Transportation in Consequence of conditional. Pardons, or other wise; distinguishing the Names'of each Person, his or her Crime, and the Time when he or she was ordered for Transportation, and whether by Judgment of the Court, or by Means of conditional Pardons, or otherwise; and do forthwith transmit the said'Lifts to the.

Sheriffs of their respective Counties.

Ordered, That the said Order be sent to the Sheriff^ of the several Counties in England and Wales; and that the said Sheriffs do forthwith transmit Copies of the same to the Clerks of Assize, Clerks of the Peace,

Town Clerks, and other proper Officers of Liberties and Towns, holding Sessions, at which Felons have been usually ordered for Transportation, within their respective Counties; and, that, on or before the’20th Day of

January next, the said Sheriffs do transmit to the Clerk of this House, the Returns of the Lifts that have been made to the said Order, together with a List of the Names of the several Clerk* of*Assize, Town Clerks, and other Officers of Liberties and Towns, holding Sessions, within their respective J urisdictions, to whom the said Order was directed.-

A Petition of several Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for repairing and widening the Road from " the Town of Warm infer, in the County of Wilts, to " the City of Bath, in the County of and

" also the Road from the Town of Frame, in the said " County of Somerset, to the Town of in

" the same County"; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which, with the Toils collected upon the said Roads, have been duly applied in repairing the fame; and that the Money so borrowed cannot be repaid, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the 1'erm of the said Act is further continued, and tome new and additional Powers granted; and representing to the House, that the Road branching out of Part of the said Roads, and leading from a House known by the Sign of the Red Lion, in the Parish of in the said County of Somerset, to Road Bridge, and from the said Bridge, over Road Common, in the Parish of North Bradly, to the Turnpike Road leading from froze Bridge, by White Troto Beckington, afore-Yol. 36.

The House being informed, that some of the Com- Accounts missioners of the Customs attended at the Door, they presented; were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Customs. House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

N° 1. An Account of prohibited India Goods imported into Saint Helen'a W arehonfes, in the Port

of London, from Michaelmas 1775 to Michaelmas 1776; also what exported during that Time, and what remained in the said Warehouses at Michaelmas 1776:

And also,

N° 2. An Acount. of prohibited East India Goods imported into Leadenhall Warehouse, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1775 to Michaelmas 1776; also what exported during that Time, and what remained in the said Warehouse at Michaelmas 1776:

And also,

N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in His Majesty’s Warehouse, in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1775; what have been ft nee' brought in, what exported, also what remained at Michaelmas 177b: And also,

N° 4. An Account of East India Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, in the respective Warehouses in the Out Ports, at Michaelmas 1775; what

have

Accounts presented; American Colonies.

16 8° NovembriL A. 1776.

have been since brought in, what exported, as also for any of the Colonies of America under the

what remained at Michaelmas 1776: And also, Restrictions mentioned in the restraining Acts of the

N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign; distin-which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at guishing the Species, Quantity, Time, by whrtm, and Saint Helens, Leadenhall, Billiter Lane, and the Cuf* on whole Account entered, and in what Ship sent. tom House, in the Port of London, since Michaelmas And then he withdrew.

1775, in order to be dyed, glazed, and refreshed; what And the Titles of the said Copies and Account were have been since returned, and what remained at read.

Michaelmas 1776: And also. Ordered, That the said Copies and Account do lie

N° 6. An Account of Naval Stores imported from upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Russia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas, 1775, House. to Michaelmas 1776: And also. The said Copies and Account are preservedamongll

N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported from the other Papers of this Session.

Ruffin into the Ports of England, commonly called the Out Ports, from Michaelmas 1775, to Michaelmas The House being informed that Mr. Milford, from Account* 1776: And also, the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended Panted;

N° 8. An Account of the Number of Ships which at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre-have been employed in the Whale Fishery, to 1)avis's fented to the House, ’ pursuant to their Orders of the Slreights, and the Greenland Seas, with their respective 6th Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament,

Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted An Account of all Entries that were made in Scot-out, and at what Port in Great Britain they were dif- land, of Goods for any of the Colonies in North America,

charged; and also what Quantity of Oil, or Whale under the Restrictions mentioned in the restraining Fins, each Ship has imported in the Year 1776: And Acts of Parliament, passed in the Fifteenth Year of also. His present Majesty: distinguishing the Species, Quan-

N° 9. An Account of ill Com, Grain, Meal, Malt, tity. Time, by whom, and on whose Account entered.

Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, exported from in what Ship sent: And also,

England, to any Place whatsoever, by virtue, or in N° 1. Copy of a Warrant from the Lords Commis-

pursuance, of any of the Liberties or Powers given or sioners of the Treasury, to the Commissioners of the granted for that Purpose, by an Act passed last Session, Customs in Scotland, dated the 27th of January 1776: to prohibit the Exportation thereof, continued from And also,

the last Account, viz. from 5th July 1775, to the 5th N° 2. Copy of a Minute of the Board of Customs in July 1776, inclusive. Scotland, dated the ift of February 1776: And also.

And then they withdrew. N° 3. Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of

And the Titles <W the said Accounts were read. the Customs in Scotland, to the Collector and Comp-Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the troller of Port Glasgow, dated the ift of February Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. 1776: And also,

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the N° 4. Copy of Mr. Brymer's Application to the other Papers of this Session. Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, dated 16th

of February 1776: And also,

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, from N° 5. Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the the Customs in Scotland, to the Collector and Comp-Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to troller of Port Glasgoio, dated 19th February 1776: the House, pursuant to their Orders of the 6th Day of And also,

May in the last Session of Parliament, N° 6. Copy of a Letter from the Collector and

Copies of all Entries of Goods and Merchandise, Comptroller of Port Glasgow, to the Commissioners Outward, for North America (Canada and Nova Scotia of the Customs in Scotland, dated 24th February 1776: excepted) which have been made at the Port of London, And also,

or any other Port within jthat Part of Great Britain N° 7. Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of called England; and also of any Cockets, or Permits, the Customs in Scotland, to the Collector and Comp-that have pafl'ed by virtue of Licenses, granted by the troller of Port Glasgow, dated 26th February 1776:

Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, lor shipping of Add also.

Goods into any Ships, taken into His Majesty’s Ser- N° 8. Copy of a Memorial of the Commissioners of vice, bound to North America, since passing an Act to the Custom6 in Scotland, to the Lords Commissioners prohibit all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies of of the Treasury, dated 27th February 1776: (And Neiv Hampshire, MaJfachuJ'els Bay, Rhode Island, Con- also,

neclieut, New York, Nezojer/ey, Pcn/ylvania, the Three N° 9. Copy of a Warrant from the Lords Commis-

lower Counties on Delazoare, Maryland, Virginia, sioners of the Treasury, to the Commissioners of the Cuf-North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during toms in Scotland, dated 27th 1776: And also,

the Continuance of the present Rebellion within the N° 10. Copy of a Letter from Mr. one of

said Colonies respectively (viz.from the 22d of Decern*the Secretaries of the Treasury, to the Commissioners

her 1775, to the 13th of May 1776) with the Dates of the Customs in Scotland, dated 2d March 1776: thereof; and also the several Quantities of Goods ac- And also,

tnally shipped from each Port in England, in Confe- N° x 1. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Robin/on, one quence of Audi Entries, Cockets, or Permits; distin- of the Secretaries of the Treasury, to the Commissioners guishing the Species of each, by whom, and for whose of the Customs in Scotland, dated ill Marsh, 1776:

Account, they were entered, when shipped, in what And also.

Ship or Vessel they have been shipped off, and by N° 12. Copy of a Minute of the Board of Customs whose License or Permission: Also, an Account of in Scotland, dated 4th March, 1776: And also,

Goods, distinguished as above, that have been re-landed N° 13. Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of from any Ship or Yell'd, in Consequonce of any Order the Customs in Scotland, to the Collector and Comp-or Alteration in the Regulations which have taken troller of Port Glasgow, dated 4th March 1776: And Place, for liceuling the above Commerce, as permitted also,

by the aforesaid Act; and the Reasons for such Altera- N° 14. Copy of a Minute of the Board of Customs tions and Re-landing: And also, in Scotland, dated 5th March 1776: And also,

An Account of all Entries that have been made of N° 15. Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners Goods from that Part of Great Britain called England, of the Customs in Scotland, to the Collector and Comptroller

17 Geo. III.

troller of Port Glasgow, dated 5th March 1776: And

also,

N° 16. Copy of a Minute of the Board of Customs in Scotland, dated 7th March 1776: And also,

N° 17. Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, to the Collector and Comptroller of Port Glasgow, dated 7th March, 1776: And also,

N° 18. Copy of a Warrant from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, dated 7 th March 1776: And also,

N° 19. Copy of a Minute of the Board of Customs in Scotland, dated x ith March 1776: And also,

N® 20. Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, to the Collector and Comptroller of Port Glasgow, dated 12 th March 1776: And also,

N° 21. Copies of Entries made at the Custom House of Port Glasgoio, in Pursuance of Letters and Warrants from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, and Directions from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland founded thereupon: And also,

N" 22.'- Copies of Entries made at the Custom House of Greenock, in pursuance of Letters and Warrants from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, and Directions from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland founded thereupon: And also,

N® 23. Copy of an Entry made at the Custom House of Port Glasgow, in Pursuance of a Licence from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty: And also,

N® 24. An Account of the several Quantities of Goods actually shipped from the Port of Port Glasgow for North America (Canada and Nova Scotia excepted) since passing the Act prohibiting all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies of New Majfachu-

set's Bay, &c. in Consequence of Entries, Cockets, or Permits; distinguishing each Species of Goods, by whom, and for whose Account they were entered, when shipped, in what Ship or Vessel they have been shipped off, and by whose Licence or Permission: And also,

N® 25. An Account of the several Quantities of Goods actually shipped from the Port of Greenock for North America (Canada and Nova Scotia excepted)

ll

since passing the Act prohibiting all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies of New Hampshire, chufet's Bay, &c. in Consequence of Entries, Cockets,

.or Permits; distinguishing each Species of Goods, by whom, and for whose Account they, were entered, when shipped, in what Ship or Vessel they have been shipped off, and by whose Licence or Permission: And also,

N® 26. An Account of any Goods actually shipped from the Port of Port Glasgow for North America (Canada and Nova Scotia excepted) since passing the Act prohibiting all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies of New Hampshire, MBay, &c. that may have been re-landed from any Ship or Vessel, in Consequence of any Order or Alteration in the llegu-lations that may have taken Place for licensing the . above Commerce, as permitted by the aforesaid Act, and the Reasons for such Alterations and Re-landing: And also,

N® 27. An Account of any Goods actually shipped from the Port of Greenock for North America (Canada and Nova Scotia excepted) since passing the Act prohibiting all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies of New Hampshire, Maffachnfet'Bay, &c. that may have been re-landed from any Ship or Vessel, in Consequence of ,any Order or Alteration in the Regulations that may have taken Place for licensing the above Commerce, as permitted by the aforesaid Act, and the Reasons for such Alterations and Re-landing.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Papers w’ere read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. '

The said Accounts and Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Charles Cocks presented to the House, pursuant Estimate to their Address to His Majesty, presented;

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, G>rdnan6e-

for the Year

1777:

Land Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read. The said Estimate is as followeth; .

ESTIMATE

8° Novembris.

Vol. 36, F

i8

8° Novembris

A. 1776

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1777*

LAND SERVICE.

Ordinary of the Office, comprising Repairs of Storehouses, Magazines, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons, Rents, Salaries* and incident Charges -

r Gibraltar and North Britain -

Minorca -

Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers at

St. John's and Placentiay in Newfoundland -

East Florida....

/ West Florida -

Grenada, St. Vincenty and Tobago

Quebec -

New York...

v Halifax -

Pay of the Corps of Engineers - 8,395 -

Augmentation to the said Corps, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order 20th

January 1776.....68168

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, consisting of 2,464 Men, Officers included.....77,440 16 8

Augmentation to the First and Third Battalions of the Royal Regiment

of Artillery, consisting of 416 Men, Officers included - - - 9,782-----

Establishment of the Academy at Woolwich -

Establishment of the Laboratory at Woolwich.....- - -

Pay of Master Gunners at the several Garrisons in Great Britain, and of the Gunners at St. James's Park, and the Tower of London - -

An Allowance in lieu of Coals and Candles to the Mailer Gunners and Gunners of the

several Garrisons in Great Britain.....- -

Pay of an Inspector of Artillery for North America, Newfoundland, and the West India

Islands..... -

To Major General William Phillips, for the Loss he sustained by the Office of Inspector and Commander of Artillery at Gibraltar and Minorca being discontinued, and also in Consideration of his good Services -

To Colo Samuel Cleaveland, in Consideration of his good Services -

To Lieut. General William Belford, for his good Services ....

To John Chalmers, Esq. late Major of Artillery, in Consideration of his Services -To Lieut. Col° William Roy, Engineer, for surveying the Coalts of Great Britain, and the adjacent Islands thereto belonging -

To Major General Thomas Defaguliers, for his Extra Services at the Siege of Pallaisy in Belle iftey and upon several Expeditions ——

To Major Hugh Debbiegy Engineer, for his good Services upon several extraordinary

Occasions....._

To Lieut Col® Joseph Bromey in Consideration of his Services in Flanders and Germany -Pay of superannuated and disabled Officers and Men who have served well in the Trains of Artillery, in Flanders, Germany, North America, Africa, the East and West Indies, with the Hali-pay of Officers reduced, and Widows Pensions....

£ r. rf.

36,092 .7 6

1,047 5

1,297 2 6

1,003 15 "

657 — —

967 5 —

*534 2 — *

843 10 —

328 to "

520 2 6

9,076 6 8

87,222 16 8

1,644 5 —

867

2,144 7 6

934 —

45^ 5 "

456 5 ~

9* 5 —

328 10 —

*73 *5 —

365 —

456 5 —

365

l82 IO

9,398 19 2

£-158,55314

EXTRAORDINARIES.

Towards repairing the Fortifications, Barracks, Storehouses, and carrying on the current Service at Gibraltar -Materials for the said Services -

In further Part of the Charge of improving and strengthening the Fortifications at Gibraltary according to Plans approved by I lis Majesty,

estimated at £. 54,126..... - *

Materials for the said Fortifications -

Pay of a Military Company of Artificers serving in the Garrison of Gibraltar - - - - „ - - £.1,809 *5 10 ?

Augmentation to *he said Company - - 438-----3

Towards forming the Windmill Hill at Gibraltar into a fortified Post

£ s. d

6,405 8 6

5,162 5 —

6,305 1 3

6l8 9 9

*>247 15 10

2,094 —

Towards

17 Geo. III.

8° Novembris.

Towards repairing thfe Forti- f Minorca -

fications, Barracks* Store- 1 St. JFerryland, and

houses, and carrying on the J Trinity Harbour in Newfoundland current Service at - - - Placentia -For keeping in Repair the Fort at Aand other Fortifications and Barracks in Scotland - - - - ‘ -

Towards repairing the Sea Wharfing at Sheerness -

Towards inclosing and fortifying the Dock Yard at -

For keeping in Repair the Fortifications at and -

For keeping in Repair the Fortifications in the Plymouth Division To finish a Pile of Barracks at Woolwich, for one Battalion of Artillery, and their Officers -

Towards enlarging the Gun Wharf, Magazines, and Storehottfes, at Plymouth - -

For carrying on the necessary Repairs at the several CastleS in the Ifldnd of Jersey ——

For carrying on the necessary Repairs at Cojllt Cornet, in the liland of Guernsey ——

Towards completing the new Fortifications at St. John's,

land ——

Towards the Value of Houses proposed to be demolished in the Arraval of St. Phillips, Minorca, and for the Labour of the Demolition Pay of Engineers, Officers, Conductors, Artificers, and Drivers, With the several Trains of Artillery attertding His Majesty’s Forces in North America - -

Towards defraying Contingencies of the Trains Of Artillery in North America -

Towards defraying the Hire of Trinfports in the Service of this Office, in North America, for Six Months - -

A Supply of Stores demanded for Gibraltar -Barrack Bedding demanded for Service of the Troops at Gibraltar A Supply^Of Stores demanded for Minorca -Two Hundred Tons of Salt Petre -

Expence of Services performed purftiant to His Majesty’s Ordefs, and not provided for by Parliament in 1776.

Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange for carrying on the current Service at Halifax, in Nova Scotia -Money sent from England to Halifax, In Nova Scotia, and Bills of Exchange drawn by the Engineer, on Account of Fortifications there Pay of superannuated and Half-pay Officers, and others, to 31 ' ber 1776 -

Pay of Eight Additional Practitioners added to the Corps of Engineers, and the Pay of 16 aUgrrtented to per Diem each, from 1 January to 31 December 1776, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order 20th January *776 ——

Railing and arming an Augmentation to 8 Companies of the 4th Battalion of Artillery, serving in North America, with the Pay of the fame, between 21st October and 31 December 1.775, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 21 Oct. 1775- - - *

Raffing and arming the like Augmentation to the iftandjd Battalions of Artillery, with the Pay of the fame, between 1 January and 3 December 1776 - -

Augmentation to the Company of Artificers serving in the Garrison of Gibraltar, farm. 1 January to 31 December 1776 Arms delivered to the ill Troop of Horse Grenadier Guards, the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, to fuftdry Regiments of Dragoons, Light Dragoons, Regiments of Foot, and Augmentation to the Three He-giorients of Foot Guards, and Regiments of Foot, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants 27 September, 27 and 28 October, 2, 16,17, 20, 21, Z7, and 28 November, and 13 December 1775, 13 and 22 January, 2,15, 20, 21,23, 27, and 29 2, 4,6, 9, 10, 11, 13,

15, and 30 March, 4, 8, 18, 26, and 30 April, 7, 23, and 24 May,

19 July, 17 and 20 August, and it, September 1776

Arms and Accoutrements delivered to the Militia of the Counties of Nottingham and Huntingdon, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants, 14 and 18 November, and 6 December 1775, 22 January, and 15

February 1776 ——

Arms and Accoutrements to the' Militia of the Islands of Guernsey and Alderney, pursuant to- His Majesty’s Warrants 18 November 1775, and 22 January 1776 -

Ammunition delivered to 61 Regiments of Militia, pursuant to His' Majesty’s Order 18 May 1763 -

You 36*

£. . s. d.

2,936 —

500 — t-

406----1

3.000 -

1.000 -

21,000 ——

2.000 ——

1,600 — - —

2,000 -- —

3,000 — —

611 2 8

575 10 8

3,600-----

1,500 -

18,611 2 6

15,000-----

28,006-----

16,596 16 8

4»446 13 4

4,546 18 3

9,000-----

*9

l- s-

161,558 4 5

3,136-----

9,5"'

296

18 — 16 -

681 6 8

4A73 5 4

12,487 10 8

439 4 —

38,389 6 2

1,456 15 4

3,621 2 —

*>452 4 5

An

20

8° Novembris

An additional Supply of Ammunition delivered to the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants, 30th March,

23 Mail, and July 1776....

Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange drawn by the Paymasters to the Trains of Artillery in North America, and Money sent ,on Account of the Staff and Contingences in 1776 -

d.

CNero f ork -

Money issued for carrying on the current Service < and Contingencies, at

200

Quebec -East Florida - Wef Florida -

2,342 10 3

619 19 — 1,096 9 8

A Supply of Stores mantled and sent to

de-

Pay and Allowances to Engineers and others, for carrying on the Works in the Ceded Islands, and Bills of Exchange drawn for defraying the Contingent Charges there, in the Years 1774 and 1775

Paid on Account of fitting up the Barracks at Jersey and Guernsey, for the Reception of Recruits, by His Majesty’s Order 4 17 7 5

rlVefi Florida -

I East Florida " ' Tobago -

Grenada -

St. Vincent -Light Brass Ordnance and Stores sent to West Florida Paid on Account of the Hire of Transports to carry Stores to North America ——

To Major HughDebbieg, for Special Services performed in the Years

1767, 68, 69, 70, 71, and 72, pursuant to an Order of the Lords of the Treasury 15 March 1776 Providing Arms, Drums, &c. for the augmented Companies to 14 Battalions of Foot, sent from Ireland to America, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order 9 January 1776 .

Brass Ordnance, Mortars, Powder, Small Arms, Ammunition, Intrenching Tools, Barrack Bedding, and sundry other Ordnance Stores sent to North America, with the Pay of Engineers, Officers, Conductors, Artificers, and Drivers, to 31 December 1776, pursuant to His Majesty’s Orders ——

Tents sent to North America, for Service of His Majesty’s Forces there, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants 27 October, 27 November 1775 13 and 22 January,27 February, 2 and 6 March, and 16 September

*776 ....

Barrack Bedding sent to Dover Castle, Guernsey, and Jersey, the new

Barracks at Woolwich, and Clifford’s Fort -

Iron Ordnance, with Standing Carriages, round Shot, and other Stores,

sent to St. Ives, in lieu of others unserviceable, for the Defence of

the Forts 011 the CodSiofComxvall - -

£. s.

603 11 2

15,665 11 6

4,258 18 11

M29 5 3 2*385-----

3*143 — 7

2*317 11 8

1,598 — 2 1*703 i4 7 625 7 6

327 7 2

6*473 19 6

1,500-----

4*3i7 1 6

133*625 1 —

14,786 — 6 2,169 r5

631 3 6

A. 177

£. s. d.

272,705 18 1

£ 592,817 17 — .

Amherst. Charles Frederick. Cha< Cocks.

Ben. Lansl&is.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Melafle'i A Petition of Gilles Prudent Melqffe, was presented Nat. to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave lx? given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. j Moyfeyand Sir George Sultie do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Farrard’s The Lord Guernsey presented to the House, accord-

Cornmon, ing to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Second Year of His present Road. Majesty’s Reign, for repairing, widening, turning, and

shortening, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Farrard’s Common, in the Parish of Bradford, through Holt and Melksham, to Homan’s Stile, in the Parish of Eaycock, in the County of Wilts; and for completing a Communication between the said Road 16

and the Bath Turnpike Road, upon Kingsdown Hill, in the same County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for naturalizing Dorothea Margreta - Hartmaa’i man, was read a Second Time. Nat*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to- Mr.

Mr. Penton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Hindoa Monday last, for taking into Consideration, upon Tuef Election. day the 3d Day of December next, the Petition of Richard Beckford, Esquire, complaining of an undue

Election and Return for the Borough of in

the County of Wilts, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order bedischarged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into C011-

fideratiop

17 Geo. III. 8° Novembris21

sideration upon Thursday the 23d Day of January next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

Little A Petition of the Right Honourable William Henry Creffinghanv Lord Viscount Clermont, Lord of the Manor of Little oure. Creffingham, in the County of Norfolk, and Owner of

the greatest Part of certain Common, Open, and Arable, Fields, called Half Year and a certain Tract

of Land called The Heath, certain Closes called Half Year Closes, and certain Meadows called

dows, lying within the said Manor and Parish of Little Creffingham, in the said County of Norfolk, in Behalf of himself and the rest of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands in, and Persons having a Right of Common, upon, the said Fields, Heath, Half Year Closes, and Lammas Meadows, w’as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioner . in the said Fields lie intermixed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that, if the said Fields and Heath were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts allotted to the several Persons interested (according to their respective Interests therein) and all Rights of Common and Sheepwalk- in and over the said Fields, Heath, Half Year Closes, and Lammas Meadows, were extinguished, it would be a manifest Advantage to the several Persons interested therein, and of Public Utility: And therefore praying. That I^avg may.be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Heath, Ground, and Lammas Meadows, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Edward AJlley and Mr. Coke of Norfolk do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Islington A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Over-Poor. seers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Poor of the said Parish are very numerous, and the Expence of their nceossary Support and Maintenance is of late Years much increased, which, the Petitioners apprehend, is occasioned by Want of a proper Place, and sufficient Powers to maintain, regulate, govern, and employ the Poor; and that the said Parish is poU'efl'ed in Fee of a piece of ground within the said Parish, called The Hundred A Piece, containing about One

Acre and an Half, upon which a proper and convenient Workhouse, and other necessary Buildings, might be erected and built; and the Petitioners apprehend, that, if Power was given to build a Workhouse, and to furnish and regulate the fame, for the better relieving, maintaining, employing, and governing the Poor; and also, if a Sum of Money, sufficient for those Purposes, was raised by Annuities, or otherwise, as well as by Rates or Assessments, and if Powers were given for the more easy and equitable assessing and collecting the fame, it. would be the Means, in a short Time, of lowering the Poors Rates, and tend to the Health,

Welfare, and Preservation, of the Poor, and to the Benefit of the said Parish: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-amine the Matter thereof; and report the fime, as it shall appear to them, to, the House:

And it ‘ is referred to Mr. Penton, Mr. Elives, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pur- Estim»tes suant to their Address to His Majesty. ' presented;

Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and rmy’ other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great from 25th December 1776 to 24th December 1777, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1777:

And also,

Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, from 25th December 1776 to 24th December 1777, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Establishment of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and.Six Regiments of Foot, serving in North America, from 25th December 1776 to 24th December 1777, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days.

The Lord Barrington also presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Y'ear 1777.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

i ’

Vol. 36.

G

22

8® Novembris. ' A. 1776.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces in Great,

from 25th December 1776 to 24th December 1777, both Days inclusive; being 365 Days.

fTirftTroop of Horse (Guards *

I Second Ditto -

Horse. \ First Troop of Grenadier Guards 1 Second Ditto Royal Regiment of Horse Guards

'’First Regiment of Dragoon Guards Second Ditto > -Third Ditto - -

Earl of Pembroke's Dragoons . Earl of Panmu- -

Dragoons^ Major General Fitzroy's

Lieut. General Carpenter's -Lieut. General Harvey's Sir George Howard's -Sir John Mordaunt's ' r V^Major General Johnforis

Light

Dragoons

Lieut. General Elliot's

Foot.

First Regiment of Foot Guards Coldstream Ditto.

Third Ditto '

Duke of Argylls Regiment, 2 Bat

talions -Sir Charles Montague's Regiment Lord Robert Bertie's -Lieut. General Murray's Sir John Sebright's Lord George Laino-Lord Adam Gordon's -Major General SFoot Colonel Monson's

Sir David Lindsay's

Licuf. General Urmfton's Major General Sherard's Lieut. General TrapauSs -

I rj J Colonel Wren's Regiment

in\ t . |xwenty-six Independent Companies

Garrisons with Fire and Candle Contingencies -

Total

War Office, 7th November 1776.

Barrington.

Numbers.

181 181'

174

173

319

345

231

231

231

231

231

231

231

231

231

231

1.649

1.058

1.058

i>354

677

8ll

677

677

677

811

677

677

677

677

677

677

9°5

2,308

1,028

2,655

327

I3.511

3,213

20,734

Pay of the Troops and Regiments for 365 Days.

17.605 3

17.605 3 10,870 18

10,743 3

26,054 18

4

4

4

4

4

18,878 2

12.896 13

12.896 13

12.896 13

12.896 13

12.896 13

12.896 13

12.896 13

12.896 13

12.896 13

12.896 13

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

45,980 17 6

29,759 *3 4 29,814 8 4

26,918 15 ~

13.587 2 6

16,294 4 2

13.587 2 6

13.587 2 6

13.587 2 6

10,111 14 2

13.587 2 6

13.587 2 6

13.587 2 6

13.587 2 6

13.587 2 6

13.587 2 6

13,949 1 8

34,240 — 10

32,218 16 20,000 —

TOTAL.

82,879 6 8

147,844 15 5

16,126 18 4.

300,750 17 6 48,189 2 6

52,218 16 —

£.648,009 16 5

ESTIM AT E of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in for the Year 1777.

General and Staff Officers

Charge for 365 Days

£.11,473 18 6*

War Office, 7th November 1776.

Barrington.

i7 Geo. III.

8° Novembris.

23

ESTIMATE of" the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca scaA. Gibraltar, from 25th December 1776 to 24th December 1777, both Days indulge;

being 365 Days.

Light C Major General Burgoyne's Regiment of Dragoons.^ Light Dragoons - - -

Detachment of Foot Guards, exclusive of Officers - -

Lieut.General/forfg/on’sRegiment of Foot

Earl Percy's....

Sir William Boothby's

Lieut. General Armfrong's - - - -

Lieut. General Sand fords -

Major General Cunyngham's Earl of Cavan's -

Major General Gifbome's *

Lieut. General Monckton's -

Major General Mackay's «

Lieut. General Gage's -Sir William Howe’s Colonel Maffey's -

Major General Erie’s -

Major General Evelyn's -

Sir Adolphus Oughton's

Earl Cornwallis’s -

Major General Campbell *

Sir Eyre Coo/e’s - -

Colonel Bigot’s -

Sir Robert Hamilton's - -

Lord John Murray's -

Heat. General Carey's -

General Abercrombie's *

Lieut. General IIavHand's -Colonel Vaughan's -

Sir Carleton's -

Major General Maitland's -

Lieqt. General Elater inf s -Major Gerteral Frederick’s -

Colonel James Grant's - -

Sir Incine's -

Royal American Regiment, 4 Battalions Major General Francis Grant’s -Major General Pomeroy’s -Captain Commandant Clarke’s Corps -Major General Frafer's Regiment, 2 Battalions - -

_ Captain Commandant s Corps

Foot.

Garrifore in North Americas via. Quebec, Montreal, St. Augustine, Pensacola, Mobille, and South Carolina ——

Ditto in Nova Scotia, HalifaxSt. John's

Newfoundland, Louijbourg, St. John's Island, Providence, Bermudas, and Africa -Ditto in tire 1 (lands of Grenada, St.

jiique, and Tobago ——

Officers serving with the Forces in North America, Contingencies upon Account *

MINORCA.

Earl of Eglintoune’s Regiment of Foot - - .

Colonel Barlow's -

Officers of the Garrison, Sc.

Numbers. Pay of the Regiments, for 365 Days.

- - 492 1 -

1,069 - 17,766 7 6

8u - 10,111 14 2

8u - - 16,111 14 2

8n - - 16,111 14 2

811 - - 16,111 14 2

811 - - 16,hi 14 2

811 - - 16,111 14 2

811 - 16,111 14 2

811 - - 16,111 14 2

811 - 16,111 14 2

811 -. 16,111 14 2

811 - 16,111 14 2

811 16,111 14 2

811 — to 16,111 14 2

811 16,111 14 2

811 - 16,111 14 2

811 16,111 14 2

811 - ' 16,111 14 2

811 - 16,111 14 2

811 - 16,111 14 2

811 - 16,111 14 2

811 - 16,111 14 2

1,400 r‘ ' — 24,71.6 1 i 8

8x1 — *. 16,111 14 a

811 1 r - 16,117 ;4 a

811 - - . 16,111 14 2

-811 f- r€,tu 14 a

811 - - 16,111 14 2

811 - - 16,11114 2

8n - - 16,111 14 2

811 - - 16,111 14 2

811 to - 1 t6,iu 14 2

811 - *6,i 11 14 2

2,709 " 54,604

811 to to 16,111 14 2

811 to A 16,111 14 2

214 4,170 2 6

2,754 - " 48,630 3 4

578 - 10,250 8 4

" 35,487

- - f 1 3>558 -5

- .- -to to - 3,226 iO —

_ to to 2,786 3 4

677 to to i3.587 6

677 to to 13,587 2 6

— t O C.A

to w 1 - to to to to

TOT AI*.

C s- 4-

19,448 8 4

691,824

10

- 9671 8 4

45>767 *9 2 4,000 -

27^74 5 — 5»9X7 11 3

Vol. 361

(continued)

H

8° Novembris.

GIBRALTAR. Major General Clinton's Regiment Major General Boyd's -Major General Waljli's-Colonel Baugh’s -

Officers of the Garrisons, &c.

Provisions for His Majesty’s Forces serving in North America, Nova Scotia, and 8Cc. de-

ducting 2 id.per Diem from each Non-commissioned Officer and Soldier, towards that Expence: Remains to be borne by the Government ‘Provisions for the Regiments at Gibraltar Provisions for the Regiment in the Ceded Hands Provisions for Captain Commandant Clarke’s Corps serving in Africa, deducting 2 fd. per D/cm from each Non*commissioned and private Man, towards that Expence:

Remains to be borne by the Government

Total

477

477

477

477

1,908

39»24J

10.940 17 6

10.940 17 6

10.940 17 .6

10.940 17 6

66,817 16 3

11,680

17,684 5 —

2,321 14 IO

A. 1776.

43,763 10 —

3*749 I2 3

98,503 16 1

949,720 11 3

War Office, 7th November 1776.

Barrington.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the and Establishment of One

Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Six Regiments of Foot, serving in North America, from 25th December 1776 to 24th December 1777, both Days inclusive; being 365Days.

/ Numbers. I Pay for 365 Days. Difference.

Major General Preston's Regiment of Light Dragoons, ac- £. s. d. £ d.

cording to the British Establishment - - - - 494 19,448 8 4

Paid by Ireland for the said Regiment - - 8>543 16 7

Difference - - \ - - 10,904 11 9

Earl Ligonier’s Regiment of Foot, according to the British

Establishment - - 811 16,111 14 2

Paid by Ireland for this Regiment * - 10,066 2 9

Difference - - - 6,045 11 5

Major General Parser’s Regiment the same 811 ... 6,045 11 5

Major General Tayler's the same - 811 - - - - 6,045 5

Lord Frederick Cavendish's the same - - - 811 - - - - 6,045 1 5

Major General Elphinjione’s the same - - - 811 - - - - 6,045 11 5

Colonel Jones’s the same 811 6,045 n 5

Total - 5>36o - ’ ‘ 47»i78 — 3

War Office, 7th November 1776.

Barrington.

17 Geo. III.

8° Novembris.

25

ESTIMATE of the-Charge of the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties,

for the Year 1777.

Numbers* Pay of the Troops, &c. for 365 Days.

£. s. d.

1,423 28,017 H- — i

950 2,373 18,692 11 3

12,667 228,650 16 6|

684 - - 12,154 2 4i

670 - 11,342 15 i|

4»3°° 18,321 82,429 18 6f

- - 108,281 5 —

— 6,027 *3

" - 6,027 13 if

11,517 17 if

- - 9,364 17 1

- - 41,427 17 7?

6,617 5 3?

- - 1,013 *6 iof

- - 20,694 I

GIBRALTAR.

Three Battalions of His Majesty’s Hanoverian In-fantiy - -

MINORCA.

Two Battalions of the same -

Total for pay of five Battalions -

NORTH AMERICA.

Troops of Hejfe Cajfel, including Staff Officers -

Regiment of Hanau ....

Regiment of Waldeck....

Troops of the Reigning Duke of Brunswick, including Staff Officers -

Total for Pay -

Subsidies, per Annum} viz.

To the Landgrave of Hejfe at the Rate of

450,000 Banco Crowns -

To the Hereditary Prince of Hejfe Cajfel, at the Rate of 25,050 Banco Crowns.

To the Reigning Prince of Waldeck, at the same Rate

To the Reigning Duke of Brunswick, at the Rate of 64,500 German Crowns - - .

Total for Subsidies -

Provisions for the Troops at Gibraltar -

Provisions for the Forces in North America, deducing z I d.per Diem from each Non-commissioned Officer and private Man, towards that Expence:

Remains to be borne by the Public

To make good a Deficiency in the Sum voted last Session of Parliament for the Troops of Hejfe Cassel, to 24th December 1776 - - - - ,

"To make good a Deficiency in the Sum voted last -j Session of Parliament, for the Regiment of Hanau, (

to 24th December 1776

Total

TOTAL.

f. s d.

46,710 2 3I

334.577 lz 7l

i3I»854 4»

50,792 14 Si

7,631 2 2

571,566 — 11

War Office, 7th November 1776.

Barrington.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

tafi Day. Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor John Butler be

desired to preach before this House at Saint Margaret's Westminster, upon Friday the 13th Day of December next, being the Day appointed by His Majesty’s Royal Proclamation for a General Fail: And that the Lord North and Mr. Charles Townshend do acquaint him therewith.

supply, The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of thd Vol. 36

whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitzvarth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several llesolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleife to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House,

H That

Account

of

Ships of War, &c.

Gloucester

£lcdion.

06

8° Novembris.

A. 177&

That he was directed by the Committee to move that enquiring a fair and free Election, and to the manifest

they may have Leave to fit again.

lle/olved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That there be laid before this House, the latest Weekly Accounts received at the Admiralty, prior to the Opening of the present Session of Parliament, from the Admiral or Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s Ships and Vessels at the several Ports of , Ports-

mouth, and Plymouth; together with the latest Accounts received at the Admiralty, prior to the Commencement of the present Session, of the State and Condition of all Ships and Vessels of War employed on Channel Service, or on the Coasts of Great Britain or Ireland.

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of the Honourable George Berkeley, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the County of began on the

Sixth Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six, at which the Petitioner, and William ley Chester, Esquire, were Candidates-, and that Henry

Lippincott, Esquire, High Sheriff of the same County, shewed great and manifest Partiality in Favour of the said William Bromley Chester; and in the Course and Progress of the Poll, rejected great Numbers of Votes of Persons who had a Right by Law to Vote, and who offered to Vote, and demanded of the said Sheriff to be permitted to vote for the Petitioner: and at length.

Injury of the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to give the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the Fourth Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Freeholders and Hectors of the County of Gloucester, for and on Behalf of themselves and all other Freeholders of the same County, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the County of Gloucester began on the Sixth Day of May 1776; at which the Honourable George Craifield Berkeley, and William Bromley Chester, Esquire, were Candidates; and that Henry Lippincott, Esquire, High Sheriff of the same County, shewed great and manifest Partiality in Favour of the said William Bromley Chester, and, in the Course and Progress of the Poll, rejected great Numbers of Votes of Persons, who had a Right by Law to vote, and who offered to vote, and demanded of the said Sheriff to be permitted to vote, for the said George Crarfield Berkeley; and at length, when a very

small Majority of Votes appeared upon the Poll in Favour of the said William Bromley Chester, the said Sheriff, in an hasty and precipitate Manner, closed the Books, in Exclusion of the Votes of many Freeholders, who were near the Hustings, and ready to have voted for the said George Cranfield Berkeley; and that the said Henry Lippincott, the High Sheriff of the said County, did admit a greatNumber of Persons to vote for the said William Bromley Chester, who had no Right whatsoever to vote in the Election of a Knight of the

when a very small Majority of Votes appeared upon Shire to represent the said County in Parliament, al the Poll in Favour of the said William Bromley Chester, though the said George Berkeley and many

the said Sheriff, in an hasty and precipitate Manner, closed the Books, in Exclusion of the Votes of many Freeholders, who were near the Hustings, and ready to have voted for the Petitioner; and that the said Henry Lippincott, the High Sheriff of the said County, did admit a great Number of Persons to vote for the said William Bromley Chester, who had no Right whatsoever to vote in the Election of a Knight of the Shire to represent the said County in Parliament, although the Petitioner remonstrated against the fame, and required the said Sheriff to reject the Votes of such Persons unqualified as aforesaid; and that the said William Bromley Chester, by the Threats, Promises, and other undue Influence, of his Friends and Agents, did prevail upon divers Persons, who otherwise intended to have voted for the Petitioner, to forbear from voting in the said Election, and in like Manner did attempt and endeavour to persuade divers other Persons from voting for the Petitioner, and by Threats and Menaces to intimidate and deter many other Freeholders of the said County from voting for the Petitioner; and that divers Persons, pretending to be Freeholders of the said County in Right of certain supposed Freehold Leases granted to them by the said William Bromley Chester, and other Persons, offered to vote at the said Election, and were admitted by the said Sheriff to vote for the said William Bromley Chester, although the said Persons had no Freehold Estate whatsoever in the said County, and notwithstanding the Petitioner and divers Freeholders of the said County did object to the fame, and did request the said Sheriff not to permit such Persons to vote in the said Election; and that, by these illegal

Glouctfcr

Election*

Freeholders of the said County remonstrated against the fame, and required the said Sheriff to reject the Votes of such Persons unqualified as aforesaid; and that the said William Bromley Chester, by the Threats, Promises, and other undue Influence, of his Friends and Agents, did prevail upon divers Persons, who otherwise intended to have voted for the said George Cranfield Berkeley, to forbear from voting in the said Election, and in like Manner did attempt and endeavour to persuade divers other Persons from voting for the said George Cranfield Berkley, and, by Threats and Menaces, to intimidate and deter many other Freeholders of the said County from voting for the said George Cranfield Berkeley; and that divers Persons, pretending to be Freeholders of the said County in Right of certain supposed Freehold Leases granted to them by the said William Bromley Chester and other Persons, offered to vote at the said Election, and were admitted by the said Sheriff to vote for the said William Bromley Chester, although the said Persons had no Freehold Estate whatsoever in the said County, and notwithstanding the said George Cranfield Berkeley and divers Freeholders of the said County did object to the fame, and did request the said Sheriff not to permit such Persons to vote in the said Election; and that, by these illegal Practices, the said High Sheriff was induced to return, and did return, the said William Bromley Chester as duly elected, when the said George Cranfield Berkeley of Right ought to have been returned duly elected to represent the said County in Parliament; and that such Proceedings are in Prejudice of the Rights of a Majority of the legal Electors of the said County,

Practices, the said High Sheriff was induced to return, in Violation and Defiance of the Laws requiring a fair

and did return, the said William Bromley Chester as duly elected, when the Petitioner of Right ought to have been returned duly elected, to represent the said County in Parliament; and that such Proceedings are in Prejudice of the Rights of a Majority of the legal Electors of the said County, in Violation and Defiance of the Laws 17

and free Election, and to the manifest Injury of the said George Cranfield Berkeley and of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioners such Relief as to the House sliAJl seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con-

fideratien

17 Geo. III. ’8° — 9° —:

sideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:,

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the i oth and nth Years of Mis present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petitions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati) 9*

Anno 170 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1776.

Prayers.

Supply. /ORDERED, That Sir Grey Cooper do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Sir Grey Cooper accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth, viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Forty-five thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, , for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, including Ten thousand One hundred and Twenty-nine Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man, per Month, be allowed, for maintaining the said Forty-five thousand Men for Thirteen Months, including Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, i i# Novembris;

Anno if Georgii IIP" Regis, 1776. Prayers.

Crownthorpt A PETITION of John Esquire, Lord

Inclosure. /"\_ of the Manor of Crownthorpe, and Patron of the Rectory and Parish Church of Crownthorpe, in the County of Norfolk, and of other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements, having a Right of Commonage on the Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Manor, and in the said Parish of Croionthorpe, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Vql. 36.

i° Novembris. 2 7

That the Commons and Waste Grounds in the said Manor and Parish, in their present Situation, are of little or no Use, and incapable of improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts allotted to the several Persons interested, according to their respective Interests therein, the same would be a manifest advantage to them, and of public Utility:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, urfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that ir Edward AJlley, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, and Mr. Milles, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Sir William Jones, Baronet, and Dame Ramlbury Elizabeth his Wife, Lord and Lady of the Manor of Inclosur# Ramsbury, in the County of Wilts, and Owners or Proprietors of Lands within the said Manor, and impropriate Owners of the Prebend and Parsonage of Ramsbury aforesaid; and also of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Proprietors of Lands and Tythes, or having Right of Common within the same Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, in Ramsbury, Wliittonditch, Baydon, and other Places, within the said Manor of Ramsbury, which might be greatly improved if the same were divided into specific Shares, and allotted to the Owners Or Proprietors thereof, and to the Persons having Rights of Common or other Rights therein, respectively, to be held in Severalty: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, with such Powers and Provisions as may be necessary or proper to effectuate the fame, and to make the Estates of the said Proprietors within the said Manor more commodious and beneficial to them.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Goddard, Mr. Penruddock, and Sir James Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Hindon thereunto subscribed, who respectively have a Right to Election, vote in the Election of Members to represent the Borough of Hindon in Parliament, was presented to the House, and read; Getting forth, That an Election came on at the said Borough of Hindon, on or about the 10th Day of October 1774, for the Election of Two

Burgesses to represent the said Borough in this present Parliament, when Richard Smith, Esquire, Thomas Brand Hollis, Esquire, James Calthorpe, Esquire, and Richard Bedford, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the said Richard Smith and Thomas Brand were guilty of gross Bribery in corrupting the Voters, and,

> by those corrupt and illegal Practices, procured themselves to be returned Burgesses to represent the said Borough in this present Parliament, at the said Election, whereupon the said James Calthorpe and Richard Bedford presented their Petition to the House, praying such Relief as to the House should seem meet; and that the said Petition was referred to a Committee of the House, and, after the Hearing thereof, the Election and Return of the said Richard, Smith and Thomas Brand Hollis were declared to be yo.id; and it was also resolved, by the said Committee (which Resolution was afterwards agreed to by the House) that the said Richard Smith, by his Agents, had been guilty of notorious Bribery, in procuring himself to be elected and returned a Burgess for the said Borough; and that afterwards a Prosecution at Law was ordered by the House against the said Richard Smith for the said , Bribery, on the Trial whereof the said Richard Smith was convicted of the said Offence; and that a new Writ having issued, for electing Two Burgesses for the

laid

110 Novembris. 1776.

said Borough, to supply the said Vacancies, the Election came on the 16th Day of May last, when the said Richard Smith, Henry Daiv Esquires, and the said Richard Beck/ord, were named as Candidates; and after fbme Progress had been made in the Poll, the said Richard Smith, in concert with his Friends and Agents, named Joseph Smith, Esquire, as another Candidate; with a view to get a greater Number of Votes, upon the Face of the Poll, for the said Joseph Smith, than might be given for the said Richard Beck/ord, which, as the said Richard Smith declared, was the only Thing that could serve him the said Richard Smith efl'ectually; and that the said Richard Smith procured himself to be returned a Burgess for the said Borough, at the said last Election, by the undue and corrupt Influence of his gross and notorious Bribery at the said former Election, in Consequence whereof the said Richard Smith, (as the Petitioners are advised) was and is incapable of being elected to fit in this present Parliament for the said Borough; and that the said Joseph Smith was an utter Stranger to the said Borough, and unknown to the Inhabitants and Persons having or claiming a Right to vote at the said Election, and the Votes which were given for him the said Joseph Smith, were obtained by the corrupt and illegal influence of the said Richard Smith; and moreover the said Joseph Smith was incapable of being elected and returned a Burgess for the said Borough, he not being at the Time of the said Election, seised of, or entitled to, such Estate as qualified him for that Purpose; and that John Stroud, Esquire, was also a Candidate at the said last mentioned Election, but he had only Seven Votes; and that by the illegal Means aforesaid, and by the Admission of divers Persons to vote for the said Richard Smith and the said Joseph Smith, who had no legal Right to-vote, and by the Rejection of several Persons who had a legal Right to vote, and tendered their Votes for the said Richard Bee/ford at the said Election, the said Richard Smith obtained a colourable Majority, and the said Joseph Smith a colourable Equality, to the said Richard on the Face of

the Poll, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners and other the Voters of the said Borough, as well as the said Richard Beckford, who had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned as a Burgess to represent the said Borough in the present Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such Relief therein as to' the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition betaken into Consideration upon Thursday the 23d Day of January next, at the same Time that the Petition of Richard Beckford, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their - Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records," as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Mr. Moyfey prefen ted to the House, according to Mtlaffe’s

Order, a Bill for naturalizing Gilles Prudent Nat*

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. from Westminster

the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River, Bodge.

Thames, from the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, attended at the Door;

he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

A State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for Building Westminster Bridge, from the 12th Day of

December 1775 to the 5th Day of November 1776, inclusive: And also,

Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners for building Wefim infer Bridge, from the 10th Day of

October 1775 to the 10th Day of October, 1776; together with a Rent Roll, and an Account of Bridge Rents received, from 5th July 1775 to 5th July 1776.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books containing the said State and Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for naturalizing DorotheaHartman,

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the- Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be engrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committed,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the ^Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of Artillery for the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1777.

And the" Title 01 the said Estimate was read.

The laid Estimate is as followeth;

Hartman*

.JNat,

Ways and Meant*

Estimate

presented;

Army-

ESTIMATE

ii° Novembris.

29

17 Geo. Ill*

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Artillery for the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great ,purfyant

to Treaties, for the Year, 1777.

Pay of Three Companies for the Troops of the

Landgrave of He fie Gaff'd....

Ditto for a Brigade attached to the Regiment of Hanau ....

Ditto of Artillery with the Regiment of lValdeck

Total for Pay

Proportional Subsidies per Annum; viz.

To the Landgrave of Hefie Caff cl, at the Rate of 22,050 Banco Crowns -

To the Hereditary Prince of Hess'e at the Rate

of 4,800 Banco Crowns -

To the Reigning Prince of Waldeck, at the Rate of 523 Banco Crowns -

Total for Subsidies -

Total Charge for the Year 1777

Subsidies due on Account of the said Artillery for

1776;

To the Landgrave of Iieffe , from 15th January 1776, to 24th December following, both inclusive,

being 345 Days.....-

To the Hereditary Prince of Caffbl, from 25th 1776, to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 244 Days -

To the Reigning Prince of Waldeck, from 20th April 1776, to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 249 Days -

Pay of Two Companies for the Troops of the Landgrave of Hefie Cassel, from ift February 1776, to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 328 Days -

D° of One Company of D°, from 7th March 1776, to 24th December following, both inclusive, being

3°3 Days....._

D° of the Bri gade attached to the Regiment of Hanau, from ill May 1776, to 24th December following, being 238 Days -

D° of Artillery with the Regiment of Waldeck, from 5th May 1776, to 24th December following, both

inclusive, being 234 Days....

d otal of Pay and Subsidy 1776 -

Levy Money for 124 Men of the Artillery of Hanau, at 30 Banco Crowns each Man -

Total

Deduct,

Voted last Session of Parliament on Account of the Pay of HeJJi an Artillery -Ditto Hanau -

13 Days Pay of the Regiment of

Remains to be provided for by Parliament for the Year 1777-

Numbers.

588

128

14

War Office,

11 tli November 1776.

73°

73°

Pay for 365 Days.

J5>342 3 4

3»771 T3 4

352 16 8

5»3°5 15 —

M55-----

125 19 —

5,015-----

772 2 —

85 18 5

9,498 6 8

3.961 6

2,459 6 8

226 4 —

13,973 16 —

3.383 6 8

403 19 9!

TOTAL.

19,466 13 4

6,586 14

26,053 7 4

22,018 12 3

895 2 6

48,967 2 I

17,761 2 51

31,205 19 74

Barrington.

Vol. 36.

Ordered,

Supply.

Henfield,

Sec.

Road.

Crouch Hill to

Ditchline

Road.

3ib 110 — i a6 NovemBris. . 177

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonlider further of the Supply granted to His Majel'ty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 120 die Novembris;

Anno 170 Georgii III"' Regis, 1776.

Pravkrs.

IL L E S Prudent Melatook the Oaths appointed, in Order to his Naturalization.

Mr. Goring reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the County of was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to T urnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the la.d Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s 'Fable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Holman, being examined, said, That the Road

leading from the Maypole in through the

Pari dies o f Hatfield, Woodmancoand , in

the County of Suffer, over Poynings Common, and from thence through the several Parishes of Neicthnber, llangleton, Patcham, Blatchington, Preston

Hove, and Brighthelmston, to the said Town of

helmston, and also from Poynings Common aforesaid, through the Parishes of Poynit Woodmancoat, and

Albourne, to or near High GrcJ's, in aforesaid,

and also Two Furlongs on the Road leading to Tzvine-ham, is in a very ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and incommodious and dangerous to Passengers; and that the same cannot be effectually widened and kept in Repair by the Laws now in being.

Ordered, That I^eave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road, leading from the Maypole, at the End of the Turnpike Road in the Town of Hatfield, in the County of Suffer, over Poynings Common, to the Town of Brighthelmston, and from Poynings Common aforesaid, to High in

the Parish of Albourne; and from thence, for the Distance of Two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards Twineham, in the said County: And that Mr. Goring, Mr Newnham, and Sir Thomas Spencer Wilson,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Goring reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Suffer i and of the several Persons usually travelling the Road from Crouch Hill, in the Parish of through the Town of II urjtper to the Town of Dilchling, in the said County of Suffer, w as referred; That the Committee had examined, and found tluit the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matin

ter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: "Where the same was rear!; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Scrace, being examined, said. That the Road leading from the Turnpike Road from to

Handcrc/s, at Crouch Hill, through the Parishes of Hatfield, Woodmancote, SherTwineham, to

HighCross, in the Parish of Albourne, and from High Cross, by Albourne Green, through the said Parish of Albourne, to and through Hurfiperpoint, and through Clayton, to the Turnpike Road from Brighthelmstone to Cuckfield, and from thence through the several

Parishes of Clayton, Keymer, and Dilchling, all in the said County of Suffer, is in a very ruinous and bad Condition, in several Places narrow and dangerous, so as to make it impassable for Carriages in Winter; and that if the said Road wras amended and widened it would be useful, by connecting it with other Roads, and of general advantage; but that the same cannot be done by the ordinary methods prescribed by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from a Place called Crouch Hill, in the Parish of Hatfield, to the Turnpike Road leading from Brighthelmstone to -field, and from the East Side of the said Turnpike Road to the Town of Ditch in the County of Suffer: And that Mr. Goring, Mr. and

Sir Thomas Spencer Wilson, do prepare, and’ bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed ' Bill for naturalizing Dorothea Mar-greta Hartman, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Dorothea Margreta Hartman.

Ordered, That Mr. Elwesdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to inquire into the Management and Application of all such Sums of Money as have been collected within Ten Years lass pair, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament for repairing any particular Iliglnvay or Highways; and to report the Matters, as they shall appear to them, together with their Observations and Opinions thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House.

And a Committee was appointed, of Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Gilbert, Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Pow'er to fend for Persons, Papers and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of David Hartley, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner hath invented a Method of securing Buildings and Ships against Fire; and that His Majesty, by His Letters Patent, bearing Date the First Day of April 1773, was graciously pleased to grant to the Petitioner an exclusive Right of Property in the said Invention; and that, in the Year 1774, the House was pleased to toliify their Approbation of the Invent ion, as a Mat ter of public and general Utility, by granting to the Petitioner the Sum of ^.2,500 towards enabling him to ascertain the Practicability and Utility of the fame; and that the liberal Encouragement so given to the Petitioner hath been of great Service in bringing forward the Invention for the Use of the Public, and hath enabled him to prosecute his Experiments with greater Vigour and Effect; and that, though the Petitioner hath made great Progress in ascertaining the most practicable Method of applying this Invention to Houses, yet lie hath not had Time OFOpportunity to enter upon

Hartman’s

Nat.

Highways.

Hartley's

Patent.

Ways and Means*

Tarrard’s

Common,

&c.

Road.

17 Geo. III.

r 2° — 130 Novembris.

3f

the Method of applying it to Ships, to which lie con- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an ceives that it may be so adapted as to secure them from Account, shewing how the Monies given for the Service the Danger of Fire; and that the Petitioner hath em- of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-

?loved great Part of his Time and Attention in the fix have been disposed of; distinguithed under their 'rofecution of these Experiments, but hath found it several Meads, absolutely necessary, in order to carry on the Invention

with Effect, to advance considerable Sums of Money Ordered, That there be laid before this House an out of his private Fortune; and that, in order to com- Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made plete the Invention, and to make it of general Utility out by virtue of an Act, passed in the Jail Session of

as well by Sea as Land, the Petitioner finds it wiH be absolutely necessary to advance considerably larger Sums of Money; and representing to the House, that the Term granted by the said Letters Patent, will be too fiiort, as well in respect to a sufficient Time for im-. proving and prosecuting the Invention to Effefct, as in respect to the Necessity of employing and rifquing large Sums of Money in the Prosecution of a Work ol so "much Utility and general Benefit, as the Petitioner hopes it will more and more evidently prove to be, should the Term of the said Letters Patent be further enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term granted to the Petitioner by the said Letters Patent.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to S;r George Savile, the Lord North, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to feed for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raffing a certain " Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Seventy-six."

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock,

Account ordered; Disposition of Grants.

Account ordered; Exchequer Bills.

Mercuriiy 130 Novembris;

Anno 170 Georgii III1* Regis, 1776.

Prayers.

Thomas Spencer Wilson reported from

SIR Thomas Spencer reported from the

Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Union Poitit, near Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported the Town of in the County of Suffer, to Lang-

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it neV Bridge, in the Parish of Wefiham, in the said County; Was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising and of several other Persons, whose Names are there-the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution unto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had which the Committee had directed him to report to the examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards de- House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike livered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee read- and is asfolloweth viz. had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his jesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound and no Place; J "A '1~' 1 rM

more, be raised, within the space of One Year, from the 25th Day of March 1777, upon Lands, Tenements,

Hereditaments, Pensions, Qllices, and Personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; Snd that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, ujJbn the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said

Resolution: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, the Lord

North, Mr. Charles Townshend, the Lord Beauchamp,

Mr. Cormcall, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. Robinson, do pre-pareyand bring in, the fame.

and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing, widening, turning, and thorten-ing, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Farr aid's Common, in the Parish of Bradford, through Holt and Melksham, to Homan's Stile, in the Parish of

Laycock, in the County of and for completing

a Communication between the said Road and the Turnpike Road, upon KingsdHill, in the same County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Phelips, Mr. Montagu, tkc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Vol. 36.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Union Point, near the Town of Uckfield, in the County of Suffer, to Langney Bridge, in the Parish of Westhain, in the said County, and for more effectually repairing the said Road; and also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Side Gate, on the Horsebridge Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Ilellingly, to the Turnpike Road leading from Cross-

in-Hand to Buncash, in the said County: And that Sir

Thomas

Uckfield,

&c.

Road.

g 2 I — 140 NoDembris. . 1776.

Thonias Spencer Wilson and Lord George Henry Lenox do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Warminster, Mr. Pltelips reported from the Committee, to whom &c’ the Petition of several Trustees, whose Names are 03 thereunto fubl’cribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from " the d own of U arminster, in the County of Wills, to rt the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset, and " affo the Road from the Town of Fro me, in the said " County of Sumerfet, to the Town of Beckington, in the same County"; was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th o 1774, relative to Turn-

pike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the feme, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Majkelyn, being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Art, and have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which, with the Tolls collected, have been applied in repairing the said Roads.

That the d erm of the said Act is near expiring, and the Sum of £. 3,360 borrowed, as aforesaid. Hill remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Art is further continued, and some new and additional Powers granted.

And the Witness further said, That the Road branching out of Part of the said Roads, and leading from a House known by the Sign of the Red Lion, in the Parish of Woolverton, in the County of Somerset, to Road

Bridge, and from the said Bridge, over Road Common, in the Parish of Worth Bradley, to the Turnpike Road leading from Troivbridge, by White , to Beck-

ington, aforesaid, is in a ruinous Condition, and in many Parts narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended and kept in good Repair by the ordinary Course of I^aw: but that if Provision was made for repairing the same it would be of public Utility.

And the Witness added, That it is proposed to continue only a Part of the said Art. Then,

Paul Newman, Esquire, being examined, confirmed the above Evidence, with respect to the last mentioned Road being in a very ruinous Condition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term, and altering the Powers, of so much of an Art, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the Road from the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts, to a Place where the Roads to Bath and Bristol divide, and from the Town of Frome to the Town of Beckington, in the County of and for repairing the Road from the Red Lion, in the Parish of Woolverton, to Rode Bridge, and from the said Bridge to the Turnpike Road leading from Troivbridge, by White Trough, to Beckington aforesaid: And that Mr.

Phelips, Mr. Elwes, and Sir Edward do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Supply Bill; Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according Land Tax. to Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land l ax, to be faised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven: And the same was received; and read the Fiift Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Bo- Shafteftmry rough of Shaj'tesbury, was presented to the House, and Election, read; Setting forth, That, at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset, the Honourable Bartholomew Bouverie and George Rous, Esquire, were Candidates; and that Mr. Charles Pinhorn presided at the feme as Returning Officer, being at that Time Mayor of the said Borough of Shaftesbury, and shewed great Partiality in Favour of the Sitting Member, by receiving on the Poll many Votes in his Favour which.ought to have been rejected, and by rejerting many good Votes which were tendered for the Honourable Bartholomew Bouverie, and ought to have been received; and that, by fuel) Behaviour in the Returning Officer, as well as by Bribery and other illegal and corrupt Prao tices, in the said George Rous, his Friends and Agents*, and particularly by the still continuing Influence of Francis Sykes, Esquire, over the Elertors of the said Borough, founded in most notorious and enormous Arts of Corruption at the last General Elcrtion, (in Consequence of which illegal Condurt, the said Francis Sykes loft his Seat for the said Borough in this present Parliament) the Return of the said George Rous was procured, in nrtanifelt Violation of the Rights of Election, and to the Prejudice of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as shall Deem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tueflay the 28th Da next,

at the feme Time that the Petition of the Honourable Bartholomew Bouverie is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In purl'uance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cal’es, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

The Orders of the Day being read;

BeJ'olved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Ways ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole on<* Meaia* House, toconlider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supplying next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 14.0 die Novembris;

Anno 170 Georgii IIP'* Regis, 1776.

Prayers.

SI R Edward Afley presented to the House, accord- Crownthorpe ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Inclosur£*' Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish

of

Xighley,

&e.

Reads.

Hartley's

Patent.

17 GeIo. III. 140 — 15 'Nov33

of* Crownlhorpe, in the County of Norfolk: And the,

fame was received;

And a Member returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualitication, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second' Time. .,

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing certain Roads the n-in mentioned, as relates to the Roads from Kighley to Wakefield, and from to,

and from Dudley Hill, through Beckwith Share, to linghatl, and from Beckwith Shaw to the South West Corner of HarrogateInclosures, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Savile reported from, the Committee, to whom the Petition of David , Esquire, was

referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great , bearing

Date on the ill Day of April 1773, granting to David Hartley, Esquire, the exclusive Privilege of the Invention discovered by him for securing Buildings and Ships from Fire, were produced: And,

An Entry in the Journal of this House, of the 16th Day of May 1774, of a Resolution of the Committee of Supply, for granting £.2,500 to His Majesty, to be paid to the Petitioner, towards enabling him to defray the Charge of Experiments, in order to ascertain the Practicability and Utility of his Discovery of a Method to secure Buildings and Ships from Fire, and that the same be paid without Fee or Reward, was read. — Then,

Mr. Joseph Wyatt, Carpenter, being examined, said. He lives at Bucklebury, in the County of Berks — And

being asked, If he had seen a very great Quantity of Combiiftibles laid in a 1 louse, and let on Fire, that have burnt out without communicating the Fire to the upper Part of the House, or to any other Part than was intended to be confuined, although no Means were used for extinguishing the fame? he said. He had seen many Inch Experiments — that he had built and prepared at Mr. Hartley's Expence Four Houses at Bucklcbury, and One on Common, and

that the Expence of building and preparing those Houses has amounted to £. 1,800 — that he had seen the same Room filled with Combiiftibles Six Times. — And being allied, If he had made any Plans for making further Experiments? he said, lie was, by Mr. Hartley's Directions, making Plans for building a House of Lath and Plailler, and for securing Theatres from Fire, the Expence of executing which would be very considerable; — that he had' seen near Two Hundred Experiments made of Mr. Hartley's Plates in different Houses, One Hundred and Fifty of which Experiments were Inch that he thinks any One would have been sufficient to have burnt down any House that had not Eeen secured by Fire-Plates.

Two Members present informed the Committee, That they had been present at many Trials of the Etlicacy of the said Invention in London and in -

Vol. 36.

cestershire, which mull have been attended with corifi-derable Expence to the Petitioner.

Then David Harder), Esquire, the Petitioner, explained to the Committee, That he conceives, from the Result of Experiments already made, from the Analogy there is between Houses and Ships, and from the Opinion of Persons eminent in the Sea Service, whom he has consulted, that the Invention, for. which he has a Patent, may be rendered materially useful to Shipping. — And,

Mr. Samuel Hartley being examined, said, He had kept the Accounts of the Expences which the Petitioner had incurred (independent of the Expence of the said Experiments) for the tail Eighteen Months; — -that it appeared to him at his first managing the Business for the Petitioner, that he had already expended a very considerable Sum of Money — that since the Commencement of his Management the Expence amounted to £. 3,0.00, or upwards, and that the Petitioner had hitherto not received any Profit from his Invention, but on the contrary has fulfered great Loss.

David Hartley, Esquire, the Petitioner, then further informed your Committee, That there are yet many Experiments to make, and that it will require considerable Time to settle the necessary Correspondencies, to establish necessary Manufactories, and to give the Facts such a Degree of Notoriety, as may introduce the general Reception of the Invention to the Notice of the Public.

Ordered,-That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for vesting in David Hartley, Esquire, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a certain Method, by him invented, of securing Buildings and Ships against the Calamities of Fire, throughout his Majesty’s Dominions, for a Time to be limited: And that Sir George Savile, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Admiral Keppel, Su'Hugh Palliser, and Mr.

AJ derman Saw bridge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-,seven, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 150 die Novembris;

Anno 170 Georgii III*" Regis, 1776*

Prayers.

SI R George Savile presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for vesting in David Hartley, Esquire, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a certain Method, by him invented, of securing Buildings and Ships against the Calamities of Fire, throughout His Majesty’s Dominions, for a Time to be limited: and the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for naturalizing GPrudent Melajfe, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alovfey, Mr. Tuionjhend,<ke.: And they are to meet this Alter-

K noon.

Supply Bill Land Tax.

Hartley’s

Patent.

Melafle’s

Nat.

Henfield,

kc.

JRoad.

Crouch Hill to

Ditch) ing Road.

Kiddermi nfter Roads*

34 150 Novembris. 1770.

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Goring presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Maypole, at the End of the Turnpike Road in the Town of Henfield, in the County of Suffer, over Poynings Common, to the Town of and from Poynings Common aforesaid, to High in the Parish of Albourne; and from thence for the Diliance of Two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards Tivineham, in the said County: And the fame

was received; and read the First Time.

BeJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Goring presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called Crouch in the Parish of

Henfield, to the Turnpike Road leading from hehnstone to Cuckfield, and from the East Side of the said Turnpike Road to the Town of Ditchling, in the Count)r of Sissex: And the same was received and read the Firli Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Right honourable John Lord Viscount Dudley and Ward, and Edwin Lord and the humble Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, mad* in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House in the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of Worecster, and of the Mortgagees of the Tolls or Duties granted by the said Act; and also of the Inhabitants of the Borough of aforesaid, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, u as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by the said Act, several Tolls and Duties were granted, and divers Powers given, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, and for putting the Act in Execution, which said Act was to have Continuance for the 'Perm of Twenty-one Years from the Wednesday Fortnight after passing thereof; and that the Trustees appointed to put the said Act in Execution have bor-roM ed, and ‘ taken up at Interest, several Sums of Money, on the Credit of the Tolls made payable by the said Act, which, together with the Tolls collected, have been applied in repairing the said Roads, and great Progress hath been made therein; but the Repairs thereof cannot be completed, and the Money owing repaid, during the Term of the said Act; and that the Road leading from Bcwdley Bridge-, to Titlon Brook, in the Parish of Harlle in the said County of Worcester, in the great Road to the City of Wt

and also the Road leading from W,areJleyGreen,t\\vo\xgh. the Villages of 1lartlcburyand Charlton, to the cross Roads on Harllebury Common, near in the Road from Warejley to Beiodley aforesaid; and also the Road leading from the Market House in the Town of Kid-derminster, to a Place called The Mitre Oak, in the Parish of Ilarllebimj aforesaid, in the great Road from Kidderminster to the City of and also the

Road leading from the Mill Street in the said lown of

w O

Kidderminster, to a Bridge over the River Severn, called Stour port Bridge;and also the Road leading from the said Bridge, through the Village of and the Parishes of Harllebury and Stone, to the Turnpike Road leading from Kidderminster to Bromsgrove; and also the Road leading from \t he HooBrook, in the Parish of Kidderminster, in the said County, to a certain Place called Broadwafers, where it joins the Turnpike Road

leading from Kidderminster towards Stourbridge, are in

a. ruinous Condition, and in many Parts narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that the Road leading from The Mitre

Oak aforesaid to a Farm House called Goodness, in the Parish of Harllebury (being Part of the aforesaid Road leading from the Market House to The Mitre is directed to be repaired by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, which Act has been continued by an Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and the Road leading from Tilton Brook aforesaid to the Hamlet of Wribben-hall, where it joins the great Road from to Wribbenhall (bemgPavtof the aforesaid Road leading from Bcwdley Bridge to Tilton Brook) is directed to be repaired by the said last mentioned Act; but the Trustees for the Care of the said Roads have not been able effectually to amend the fame, for Want of a sufficient Fund for that Purpose; and that a certain other Road leadi ng from The Cross of the H near Farm

aforesaid, over Mujtard Green, to a Place called The Spout, in or near the Parish of (along Part of

which said Road, or parallel therewith, the aforesaid Road leading from Stourport Bridge to join the Turnpike Road leading from Kidderminster to Bromsgrove is intended to pass) is directed to be repaired by an Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; but the Trustees for putting the said last mentioned Act in Execution have not been'able to raise a sufficient Fund for repairing the fame, and nothing hath yet been done by them towards the Repairs thereof; and that several Parts of the said Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty have been found inconvenient; and the Petitioners apprehend, if the same were altered, and some further Powers granted, the several Roads therein and hereinbefore described might be properly amended and repaired, which would be a great Convenience to Travellers, and of public Utility; and it will be a great Convenience to the Trustees for the Care of the said Roads, if the Provisions necessaryfor the Purposes aforesaid were reduced into One Act of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, granted by the said recited Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty; and for difeon-tinuing the Powers of the said several and respective Acts of the Tenth of his late Majesty, the Seventh of His present Majesty, and the Eighth of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the said Roads from The Mitre Oak to Goodnqfs, and from Tilton Brook to the Hamlet of Wribbenliall aforesaid, and from The Cross of the Hands to The Spout aforesaid, or any or either of them; and also for amending and repairing the aforesaid several additional Roads, as well as the several Roads comprised in the said first-mentioned Act; and for reducing the Powers necessary for the Purposes aforesaid into one Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Lygon, Mr. Foley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed by virtue of, and acting under, an Act, made and passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Halfway House, " in the Parish of Lower Compton, in the County of " DorJ'et, through the Towns of Yeovill, Crew kerne, and " Chard, to the East End of the Town of " in the County of Devon, and several other Roads " round the said Town of Yeovill in the County of " Somerset;" and also of the several Creditors on the Tolls arising from the District of the said Road bet ween Hqjleborough Bridge and the East End of the Town of

Axminster

Lower

Compton

to

Axminster

Roads.

17 Geo. III. 15° Novem35

Axminster aforesaid; and like wife of the several o^her Persons whose Names are thereunto subscrjbed, being Inhabitants of the several Towns of Yeovil,

Chard, and Ilminster, in the said County of and of the several Parishes and Places in the Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, the Term for which the said Act was granted being near expiring. Notice has been given of an Application to Parliament, during this Session, for an Act to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by the said Act; and that a certain public Road from the West End of the said Town of Chard, through the Parish of Chard, and of the several Parishes of Wambrook, Chardjfock, and Stockland, in

the said County of Dorset, and Cotley, and

Monkton, in the said County of Devon, to the East End of the Honiton Turnpike Road, at CheeJ'eway AJli,

in the Parish of Honiton, in the County of being

in Length about Eleven Miles, and no more, is much out of Repair, and liable to be overflowed, and cannot be duly repaired and amended by the Laws now in being; and that the said Road is at least Four Miles the nearest Way from Chard to Honiton and Exeter, and, if properly put in Repair, would be of great public Utility, not only to the Petitioners but also to all others travelling the Western Road to and from Honiton and Exeter, and the Places adjacent: And therefore praying, That the Powers and Authorities granted by the said recited Act may be extended to the said Road from the West End of the said Town of Chard to the East End of the Honiton Turnpike Road, at Cheeseway Ash aforesaid, and given to, and veiled

‘ in, the Trustees appointed for the said District of the Road already comprised in the said recited Act, between Hajleborough Bridge and the East End of the said Town oiAxminster; and that the said Trustees may be thereby

authorized, empowered, and enabled, to repair, amend, and widen, the said Road, and keep the same in Repair, under such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as to the House fha 1 seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, living in, near, and usually travelling, the great Western Road, from an House called The Half Way House, in the Parish of Lower Compton, in the County of Dorset, through the Towns of Ycovill, Crewkerne, and Chard, to the East End of the Town of Axminft in the County of Devon j and several other Roads round the said Towrn of Yeovill, in the County of Somerset, and more particularly of the several Trustees' appointed and acting under, and by virtue of, an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the same Roads, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Hvghfon, fro, in the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain " Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Seventy-six."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account isasfolloweth; viz.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue ,of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, " for the Service of the Year 1776."

THE Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of the above Act, amount to the Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds.

Exchequer, the 15th Day of John Hughfon.

November, 1776.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Land Tax. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to make good the Deficiency of the Land l ax of the Year 1775, out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1777.

Vol. 36.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him

to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Penton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Over-seers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish

of

Account presented; Exchequer Bills.

Iflinjjton

Poor.

A Member takes Oaths.

Islington

Poor.

Gaols, &tc> Bill for regulating.

36 150 Novembris.^177 6.

of Saint Mart/, Islington, in the County of whole'Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the Came, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

And a Member returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and taken and ful> feribed the Oath of Qual ification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The said Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, William Hyde, Esquire, being examined,'said. That the Poor of the Parish of Islington are very numerous, and the Expence of their necessary Support and Maintenance is of late Years much increased, and that the Witness apprehends the same is occasioned by the Want of a proper Place, and sufficient Powers, to maintain, regulate, govern, and emptoy, the Poor; that the present Workhouse is too small, and is very inconvenient, and much out of Repair, and is rented at a considerable Expence by the Parish; that the said Parish is possessed in Fee of a Piece of Ground within the said Parish, called The Hundred Acre Piece, containing about Qne Acre and an Half, upon which a proper and convenient Workhouse, and other necessary Buildings, might be erected and built.

And the Witness being further examined, said, That he apprehends, if Power was given to build a Workhouse upon the said Piece of Ground, and to furnish and regulate the same for the better relieving, maintaining, employing, and governing, the Poor, and also if a Sum of Money sufficient for those Purposes was raised by Annuities, or otherwise, as well as by Rates or Assessments, and if Powers were given for the more easy and equitable assessing and collecting the fame, it would be a Means in a iliort Time of lowering the Poors Rates, and tend to the Health, Welfare, and Preservation, of the Poor, and to the Benefit of the said Parish.

Thomas Cogan, Esquire, confirmed the above Evidence. '

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of

dlesex, and for building a Workhouse for the said Parish: And that Mr. Pent on and Mr. Strahan do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That'Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better regulating the Gaols and Houses of Correction, in that Part of Great Britain called England: And

that Sir Charles Whitworth, Sir Herbert Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Gilbert, and Mr.

Mellish, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Hamham Execution an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of Hill,

ft# A

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the " Road from the Top of Hamham Hill, near the City " of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, through the " Towns of Blandfoi d Forum and Dorchester, to a certain Intrenchment on AJkerfwell Hill, in the County " of Dorset," was presented to the House and read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied in repairing of the said Roads, and carrying the said Act into Execution; and that great Pro- gress hath been made in the Repairs thereof; but that the Roads cannot be effectually amended, and kept in good Repair for the future, and the Money owing on the Credit of the said Act be paid off, unless the Term of the said Act is further continued, and some further and other Powers given to the Petitioners for that Purpose: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in q Bill for enlarging the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, in such Manner as the House fha.il think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Eioer, Sir Herbert Mack-worth, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn-, ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Buller, from the Commissioners for executing, Estimates, the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to *

His Majesty,'

An Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, in the Year 1777: And also,

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy for the Year 1777.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstract thereof, and the other Estimate, are as followeth; viz.

Navy

D

(Q

n'

CD

Q_

O"

o

o

c

CO

Cl

Navy Office, 12th November 177b.

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Kebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, in the Year 1777, prepared pursuant to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 6th Instant;

Place where.

Deptford

Wookcich

Chatham

Slieerness

Porlfmoath

Guns.

74

64

Sloop

Bomb

64

Sloop

74

28

9^ 74

5°

20

Sloop

9°

64

32

9°

74

64

5t>

24

Sloop

74

Ships Names.

Alexander Alcide -America Magnanimc D if patch Etna -

Edgar

Sampson

Ceres

Fortune

Thunderer

Ihtffar

Formidable

Alfred -

Montagu

Leander

Ariadne

PegaJ’us

Namur

Polyphemus

Luiccjhff'e

St.George Warrior Lion -Leopard Crocodile Sic ift -Marlborough

Nature of their Repair.

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Built -

Building

Ordered to be built Building

Ordered to be built Large Repair Middling Repair -

Building

Building

Building

Ordered to be built Building Building Large Repair

Building Large Repair

Building

Building

Building

Building

Ordered to be built Building

Wants fan.11 Repair

Time' when may be

Taken in Hand.

In Hand In Hand In Hand In Hand In Hand

In Hand

In Hand

In Hand In Hand

In Hand In Hand In Hand

In Hand In Hand In Hand

In Hand In Hand

In Hand In Hand In Hand In Hand

Tn Hand March next

Completed.

March 1778 -October 1778 -June next Jul\j 1779 February next

September 1779

June next

June next June next.

June next Uncertain Uncertain

J uuariptiext J unary next June next

Uncertain-March next -

Uncertain Uncertain Aprilne fc Uncertain December 1777 January next A11 gif next -

Charge of their Total.

j Hulls', Marts, and J Yards. 1 Riffling and Stores.

1 £ £» £

11,000 2,000 13,000

5,000 - - 5,000

8,000 5,600 13,690

4,000 - - 4,000

I, OOQ 2,103 3,103

— 1,200 1,200

3,000 - - - 3,000

3>5°° - 3,5oo

2,000 1,600 3,600

3 >000 Z,200 5,200

12,000 5,955 17,955

- 2,500 2,000 ' 4,800-

11,776 4,763 16*539’

10,000 1,500 11,500

4,000 4,000

3,000 ' - - - 3,000-

150 2,45° 2,600

100 1,420 1,520.

12,100 1,000 13,100

6,900 860 7*760

2,gbo 2,100 4,460

6,000 - 6,000

6,000 1,000 7,000

6,boo M O O 8,300

4,000 - 4,000

5,900 2,800 8,700

200 1,520 1,720

4,000 4,599 .8,539

OO

17 Geo. Ill* 150

4

Plymouth

28

74

100

9°

64

5°

20

74

Guadalupe

0

Arrogant -

Royal Sovereign Duke Glory Anson Medusa -Vejtal Defence -Hero -

g

eg'

n'

CD

Q.

D-

o

o

rT

River Thames 50 Jupiter

44 Adeon

Janus

28 Aurora

24 Pelican -

Porcupine

20 Ariel -

Sloop Cameleon -

Harwich - 28 Preferpine

Ipficich - Sloop Zebra

Bucklerjhard 50 Hannibal -

41 Romulus -

28 Sibyl.-

— New -

Eafi Cowes I 28 Andromeda

Brifol - 28 Medea

A*

(Wants between finall 7 ("anti middling Repair. 3 f W antsbetween l’mall > I andhliddliQgJlepair. y

Building Building Building Building Building Building Large Repair -Large Repair -

March next - Aug 11st next 2,500 2,650 5>I5(>

A ugujt next - Uncertain - 9>5°° 4,59° 14,090

In Maud - - December 1779 - 2,000 - - - 2,000

In Hand - - March 1778 14,000 2,000 16,000

In Hand - - December 1781 - 6,000 - 6,000

In Hand - - June 1778 - 2,500 - - - 2,500

In Hand - - September 1778- 1,100 1,000 2f X OO

In Hand - - Aug uftnext- r 2,800 1,160 3,960,

In Hand - - December 1778 - 8,000 - - - 8,000

In Hand - - December 1778 - 8,000 4T 8,000

Total King’s Yards 194,486 60,061 254.547

MERCHANTS YARDS.

Building In Hand - - December 1777 _ *4,757 i 4,698 *9,45.5

Building - In Hand - - September next 10,834 4,000 M,834

Building - - In Hand - - November next - *0,837 4,000 *4,837

Building - In Hand - - June next - - 5.885 3.440 9,325

Building - In Hand - - July next - - 5,100 2,800 7,900

Building - - In Hand - May next - - 5,100 2,800 7,900

Building - In Hand - - June next - - 1 4,186 2,707 6,893

Building " In Hand - - t February next -; i»93i 2,200 4,13*

Building - In Hand - - January irdxt - 5.895 3,440 9,33

Building - In Hand - - December next - 1.93 2,200 4,i3i

Building . In Hand - - December 1777 *4.775 4,698 19,473

Building - In Hand - - March next 9,716 4,000 *3,716

Agreed for to 1 Uc built ----- A ugu/f next - 5.893 3,440 . 9,333

Agreed for to bt built - - - January 1778 . - 5.895 3.440 9,335

Building - In Hand - - March next - 5.893 3,440 9,333

Building - In Hand - - January next - 5»°9° 3,440 9',33

Total Merchants Yards - -£ 114,518 L 1 _ - 54,743 169,261

Grand Total for the Ships -£ 309,004 114,804 423,808

00

15° Novembris. A. 17 76.

On WORKS of the YARDS.

O

CO

cv

Chatham

Portsmouth.

Plymouth -

Towards building Marine Barracks *....

To complete the Old North Dock ——

To complete the New Slip on the Well Side of the New Ground ——

To carry on 250 Feet running Length of Stone Wharf to the Channel leading to the Boathouses - - -<

To carry on 200 Feet running of Stone Wharf on the Well Side of the Camber -

Towards building a New Storehouse ——

To complete the West Wall of the Mall Pond ——

To completing the Wharf Wall in the South Channel -

To completing a New Smith’s Shop with Coal Yard, Meafiurer's, Boatswain’s, and Mailer Smith’s Offices Towards building Four Bays of New Mallhouses, and Foundation Walls for receiving the m. - - - .

- - - - 4,000

500

3,096

- - 7,000

5,600

‘ '; 3.33*

' " - 7>654

‘ " - 3.404

2,751

4.355

Total - - 41,692

Grand Total - 465,500

ABSTRACT,

For the Slips in His Majesty’s Yards C Hulls - - -C Figging &nd Stores - 194,486 7 60,061 I £ *54.547 t

For the Ships in Merchants Yards - f Huirs -I Rigging and Stores - 1 *4.518 \ 54.743 I - - 169,261

Towards the Improvements in the Yards m m- - - 41*692

Grand Total " - £ 465,500

D

CQ

N

CD

CL

CT

W

' tr>

H

W

n

Viz*. The Sum of Four hundred and Sixty-Eve thotrfand Five hundred Pounds.

Suckling. J. Williams. Geo. Matjh.

W. Palmer. W. Bateman. Temple.

S0

17 Geo. III. 15° NmmhAs.

Supply-,

40

15° Novembris. A. 1776,

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Eilimate of the Navy, for the Year 1777.

N*

1.

2.

3-

4-

.5-

6.

7-

8,

9-

10.

11.

12.

*3-

14.

lT

Yards.

n

To the Right honb,e the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Ibrd High Admiral of Great Britain, He. Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries,

Officers, Clerks, and Infmunents, and Contingencies relating thereto Superannuated Sea Officers ----- 21,755 2

Pensions and other Allowances * - 1 - - - 6,593 1

' Chatham -.....- 4,200 5

Deptford - 3,640 11

Woolzcich.....3,287 16

Portsmouth - 6,100 10

Sheerness - 2,434 8

Plymouth.....4,928 11

Muller Mailer, and other Officers of the Out Ports -

Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary ——

Victuals to Officers and Men serving the rein....

Charge of Harbour Moorings and Harbour Rigging -

Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs,

Buildings, He. - - - - ....

Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers - -....

Bounty to Chaplains - - *

Ordinary Charge of Sick and Hurt Seamen -....

Total of the Ordinary. Eftithate of the Navy for the Year 1777

To which may be added.

To the Governors of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich for the Support and Relief of Seamen worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, who shall not > be provided for within the said Hospital, for the Year 17 7 7, Five thousand Pounds )

£ r.

46,802 8 1

28,348 4 —

24,598 2 —

6,480 16 it 38,507 11 3

i7»i36 15 —

36.200 -

110,800-----

85.200 -

1,231 17 6

5,499 8 1

400,805 2 10

5,000-----

405,805 2 10

And then the Total of the Ordinary Eilimate of the Navy for the Year 1777, amounts to Four hundred and Five thousand Eight hundred and Five Pounds Two Shillings and Ten Pence.

Me Suckling, J. Williams. Geo. Marsh.

T. Brett. W. Palmer. R. Temple.

Ordered, That the said Edimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Ordered, That the Eilimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other His Maj city’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, from 25th December 1776 to 24th December 1777, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Eilimate of the Charge of the

General

i7 Geo. III.

15° — i 6°N

4i

General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Supply BiH. the Year 1777, be referred to the said Committee. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the LauJ T*x-Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land

Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, from 25th December 1776, to 24th December 1777, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directedhim to report to the House; and he read the

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Report m his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Efta- with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s (Table: blishment of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Six Regiments of Foot, serving in North America, from 25th December 1776 to 24th December 1777, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1777, be referred to the said Committee.

in

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it

Supply.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Artil- was referred to consider further of the Supply granted, lery for the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great to His Majesty; the Resolutions which the Committee Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1777, be had directed him to report to the House; which he read

referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1777, Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whittoorth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which

Way*

Marine

Force*.

in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth, viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, including Three thousand Two hundred and Thirteen Invalids, amounting to Twenty thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-four Effective Men, Commission and Non-commission Officers included, be employed for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Six hundred Forty-eight

they had directed him to report, when the House will thousand and Nine Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Five pleaseto receive the same. Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Charge of Twenty Thousand Seven hundred and Morning. Thirty-four Effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that Jersey, and for the Year One thousand Seven

they may have Leave to fit again. hundred and Seventy-seven.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole That a Sum not exceeding Eleven thousand Four House, to consider further of the Supply granted to hundred and Seventy-three Pounds Eighteen Shillings His Majesty. and Six Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty

for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers The other Order of the Day being read; in Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- hundred and Seventy-seven. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, House, to consider further of Ways and Means for That a Sum not exceeding Nine hundred Forty-nine

railing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 160 .

Anno 17* Georgii IIP55 Regis, 1776. Praters.

thousand Seven hundred and Twenty Pounds Eleven Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, the Ceded Islands, and Africa, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven.

Resolved, That it is the Op inion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Forty-seven thousand One hundred and Seventy-eight Pounds and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty for defraying the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Establishment of One Regiment of Light Dragoons and

Mington

Poor.

MR. Strahan presented to the House, according to Six Regiments of Foot, serving in North America, for Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Employ- the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-ment of the Poor of the Parish of St. Mary, If ing ton, seven.

in the County of Middlesex, and for building a Work-house for the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Fifty-six thousand and Seventy-four Pounds Nineteen Stillings and Four Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Five Hanoverian Battalions of Foot at Gibraltar and Minorca, and for Provisions "the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while for the Three Battalions of the said Troops at Gib-on Shore: And that Mr. Stephens, Sir Hugh Palliser, raltar, for the Year One Thousand Seven hundred and and Mr. Tucker, do prepare, and bring in, the lame. Seventy-seven,

Vox,. 36. . M Resolved,

4-2 16° — 18° N

Supply. Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Three hundred Thirty-six thousand Nine hundred and Thirty-two Pounds One Shilling and Six Pence and Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Twelve thousand Six hundred and Sixty-seven Men, the Troops of the Landgrave of Hess Cuff'd, in the Pay of Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, pursuant to Tiraty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Eighteen Thousand One hundred Eighty-one Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Six Pence and One Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of a Regiment of Foot of Hanau, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, pursuant to Treaty with the Hereditary Prince of Hejffe Cqffel, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Seventeen thousand Three hundred and Seventy Pounds Eight Shillings and Two Pence and Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of a Regiment of Foot of Waldeck, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, pursuant to Treaty with the Reigning Prince of Waldeck, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Ninety-three thousand Nine hundred Forty-seven Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Four thousand Three hundred Men, the Troops of the Reigning Duke of in the Pay

of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Forty-one thousand Four hundred Twenty-seven Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Seven Pence and One Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Provisions for the Foreign Troops serving in North America, in the Pay of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Six thousand Six hundred and Seventeen Pounds Five Shillings and Three Pence and One Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, to make good a Deficiency in the Sum voted last Session of Parliament, for the Charge of the Troops of the Landgrave of Hesse Cajfel, to the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding One thousand and Thirteen Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Ten Pence and Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good a Deficiency in the Sum voted last Session of Parliament, for the Charge of the Regiment of Foot of Hanau, to the 24 th Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Twenty-six thousand and Fifty-three Pounds Seven Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for, defraying the Charge of Artillery for the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Five thousand One hundred Fifty-two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Three Pence and Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Charge of Artillery for the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six.

*7

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding Thirteen Thousand Nine hundred Seventy-three Pounds and Sixteen Shillings (granted to His Majesty last Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Artillery of the Landgrave of Hejffe Cqffel, in the Pay of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six) be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Charge of Artillery for the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Three hundred Eighty-three Pounds SixShiliings and Eight Pence (granted to His Majesty in the last Session of Parliament, for defray ing the Charge of the Artillery of Hanau, in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaty) be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Charge of Artillery for the'Foreign Troops in the Pay of Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding Four hundred Three Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Nine Pence and One Farthing, be granted to His Majesty (out of the Monies or Savings remaining of the Grant of last Session of Parliament, for the Charge of a Regiment of Foot of Waldeck, in the Pay of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six) towards defraying the Charge of Artillery for the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding Three hundred and Twenty thousand One hundred and Eleven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Seventy-two thousand Seven hundred and Five Pounds Eighteen Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament in One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Army; punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better M itiny and Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that D-fertion. the Lord Barrington, Mr. D'Oyley, and Sir Charles Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the- House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lunee, 18° die Novembris;

Anno 17° Georgii III1" Regis, 1776.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to His Supply Bill;

Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Land Tax. Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a

Land

17 Geo. III. 18° — 190 N 43

| . .

i Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Ser- A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Crownthorpe

vice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Crown- lntlolLlre Seventy-seven. in the County of , was read a Second

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to Time, the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. '

j Mr. Bacon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

Kighley, A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

&c- enlarging the Powers, of lb much of an Act, made in Roads. the 2gth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply.

King George the Second, for repairing certain Roads resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

therein mentioned, as relates to the Roads from Kighley consider further of the Supply granted to His Mato Wakefield, and from Kighley to Halifax, and from jesty;

Dudley Ilill, through Beckwith Share, to Killinghall, Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

1 and from Beckwith Shaw to the South West Corner of Morning, next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

HarrogateInclosures, in the County of York, was read

a Second Time. - The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Wa7s

Savile, Mr, Hartley, See.: And they are to meet this whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means "" Mean*‘ Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Chamber. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Melafle’s Mr. Moyfey reported from the Committee, to whom Nat. the Bill for naturalizing Prudent was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: ' And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. Ordered, That the Bill be engrossed.

Army; Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House,

D3on"d according to Order> a Bill for punishing Mutiny and

c ertion. j)efer^jon> an(j for t{K> getter Payment of the Army

and their Quarters: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Warminster, Mr. Elzcespresented to the House, according to I Roads Ofder» a Bill for enlarging the Term, and altering the I ' Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-

I fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

I the Second, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the Road from the Town of War-\ minster, in the County of Wilts, to a Place where the

Roads to Bath and Bristol divide, and from the Town of Frome to the Town o in the County of

Somerfd;and for repairing the Road from the Red I Aon, in the Parish of Woolvcr/on, to Rode Bridge, and from the said Bridge to the Turnpike Road leading from Trowbridge, by White Trough, to Beckington aforesaid: And the same was received; aftd read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Thorpe A Petition of Thomas Cecill Esquire, Lord

Malfor of the Manor of Thorpe Malfor, in the County of Ltdofure. Northampton, and principal Proprietor of Lands in the Common and Open Fields within the said Manor; and 1 of the Reverend John Hill, Doctor of Laws, Rector of

the Parish Church of Thorf)e MalJ'or aforesaid, and of other Proprietors of Lands in the said Open and Common Fields, whose Karnes are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners in the said Open and common Fields lie intermixed and dif-perfect, and in their present Situation are incapable of Improvement; and it would greatly tend to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and of all Parlies interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, »urfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that *lr. Elwes and Mr. Powys do prepare, and bring in, she fame.

Vol. 36.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Rcfulved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Marti:, 190 die Novembris;

Anno 170 Georgii III1" Regis, 1776.

Prayers.

A BILL for repairing and widening the Road Henfield, leading from the Maypole, at the End of the &c-Turnpike Road in the Town of Hen, in the County ®>oa ’ of Suffer, over Poynings Common, to the Town 0

helmston, and from Poynings Common aforesaid to High Cross, in the Parish of Albourne; and from thence for the Distance of Two Furlongs of the Road or Laue leading towards Twineham, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ham. Sir Charles Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from a Crouch Hill Place called Crouch Hill, in the Parish of Henfield, to the Turnpike Road leading from Brighthelmstone to R0ad"S Click field, and from the East Side of the said Turnpike r

Road to the Town of Dit cliling, in the County of Suffer, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Newn-hain, Mr. Goring, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Herbert reported from the Committee, to whom Garrard’# the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, 0t^0D*

made Road.

44 19° Novembris. . 177

made in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing, widening, turning, and lliorten-ing the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Farrards Common, in the Parish of Bradford, through Holt and Aielksham, to Homan's Stile, in the Parish of Luycock, in the County of and for completing

a Communication between the said Road and the Bath Turnpike Road, upon in the fame

.County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Mrlafle’i An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Prudent

Ntt. Melajfe, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Gilles Prudent Melajfe.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ki4dermin(t«r Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee to whom Roads. the Petition of the Right honourable John Lord Viscount Dudley and Ward, and Edwin Lord Sandys, and the humble Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House in the Town of , in the County of

Worcester, and of the Mortgagees of the Tolls or Duties granted by the said Act; and also of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Kidderminster aforesaid, wad others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had di-rested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty was read: And,

William Wheeler, Esquire, being examined, said. That several Tolls and Duties were granted by the said Act for repairing the Roads therein mentioned: that the Trustees have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, wInch has been applied for the Purposes of the Act, which Money now remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term granted' by the said Act is further continued, and some of the Powers of the said Act altered and enlarged.

That the Road leading from Bewdley Bridge to a Place called Tilton Brook, in the Parish of in the said County of Worcester, in the great Road to the City of Worcester; and also the Road leading from Warejley Green through the Villages of Hartlebury and Charlton to the cross Roads on Hartlebury Common, near Alitton, in the Road from Warejley to Beivdley aforesaid; and also the Road leading from the Market House, in the Town of Kidderminster, to a Place called The Atitre Oak, in the Parish of Hartlebury aforesaid, in the great Road from Kidderminster to the said City of Worcester and also the Road leading from the Alill Street, in the said Town of Kidderminster,

towards a certain Bridge over the River Severn called Stourport Bridge; and also the Road leading from the said Bridge tlnough the Village of Alitton, and the Parishes of Hartlebury and Stone, to the Turnpike Road leading from Kidderminster to in the said

County; and also the Road leading from a Place called The Hoo Brook, in the Parish of Kidderminster, in the said County, to a certain Place called where it joins the Turnpike Road leading from Kid dermiiifler towards Stourbridge, are in a ruinous Condition, and in many Parts narrow and incommodious for Carriages and Passengers, and cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

Then an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled,

" An Act for repairing several Roads therein mentioned " leading into the City of Worcester, and for repairing-

several other Roads lying contiguous to the fame,

" and for reducing the Toll or Duties granted on " Sheep and Lambs by the said Act," was produced, and read; whereby it appears, that the Road leading from The Mitre Oak aforesaid to a Farm House called Goodness, in the Parish of Hartlebury (being Part of the-aforesaid Road leading from the said Market House to The Mitre Oak aforesaid) is included in and directed to be repaired by the said last mentioned Act, and which Act has been continued by an Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty (also produced and read to your Committee) whereby it appears, that the Road leading from Titton Brook aforesaid, to the Hamlet of Wribbenhalt, where it joins the great Road from Kiddermm/ier to Wribbenhall (being Part of the aforesaid Road from Bezodley Bridge to Titton Brook aforesaid) is included in and directed to be repaired by the said last mentioned Act: And,

Mr. Wheeler being further examined, said. That the Trustees for the Care of the said last mentioned Roads, have not been able effectually to amend the fame, for Want of a sufficient Fund for that Purpose; and that it is proposed to repeal the said last mentioned Acts, so fin as the same relate to the said Roads, and to put the same under the Direction of the Trustees of the said first-mentioned Act.

Then an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of the Twelfth of Queen Anne, the Twelfth of King George the First, and the Twenty-second of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Worcester, through Droitwich, to Bromsgrove, and other Roads therein mentioned, and to repeal an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads lying in and leading from Droitwich aforesaid, and for amending the several Roads which were directed to be repaired by the said Act, was produced, and read; whereby it appears, that the Road leading from a Place called The Cross of the Hands, near Goodness Farm aforesaid, over Muflard Green, to a Place called The Spout, in or near the Parish of Hagley, is included in and directed to be repaired by the said Act.

And Mr. Wheeler, being further examined, said. That nothing has been done towards repairing the said Road, for want of a sufficient Fund for that Purpose; and that it is proposed by the intended Act, either to repair the said Road, or to amend another Road, which runs parallel therewith: And Mr. Wheeler further said, . That it will be a great Convenience to the Trustees for the Care of the said Roads, if the several Provisions necessary for the Purposes aforesaid were reduced into one Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to continue the Term, and to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the 'Jhirty-third Year of his late

Majesty,

17 Geo. III. 190 — 20 Novem45

Majesty, for amending, widening and keeping in Re* and Perry which shall be made for Sale, within the pair, several Roads leading from the Market House, Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of June in the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of Wor- 1777 to the 24th Day of June 1778.

cejier; and to repeal so much of Two Acts of Parlia- The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, ment, of the Tenth of his late Majesty, and the Seventh upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the;

Of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from House.

The Mitre Oak to a Farm House called Goodness, in OThat a Bill be brought in, upon the said the Parish of Hartlebury; and also from Tilton Brook Resolution; And that Sir Charles Whitworth, the Lord £0 the Hamlet of Wribbenhall, in the said County; North, Mr. Charles the Lord Beauchamp, and to discontinue the Powers of an Act of the Eighth Mr. Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor

Year of His present Majesty, so hia$ relate to the General, Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. Robinson, do pre-Road from The Crofs of the Hands neoxGoodness Farm, pare, and bring, in the fame, to a Place called The Spout, in or near the Parish of

Hagley; and for amending, widening, and keeping in A Petition of Paul Johan Tax, and John Tax’s and

Repair, as well the Roads from Bewdley Bridge to Vallie Gottlieb, was presented to the House, and

Tit ton Brook aforesaid, and from the said Market House read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in d *'au

io The Mitre Oak aforesaid. and from the Mill Street, Bill for their Naturalization.

In the Town of Kidderminster, to Stourport Bridge, and from the said Bridge to the Turnpike Road lead; ing from Kidderminster to Bromsgrove, and front Warejley Green to The Roads on Hartlebury ^Common, near Mitton; and from The Hoo Brook to d Place called Broadwaters, in the said County; as also

the several Roads comprised in the said first-mentioned Act; and for reducing the Provisions and Powers rte-fceflary for those Purposes into One Act of Parliament: And that Mr. Lygon, Mr. Edward , and Mr. Ekoes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Land Tax. for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great , for the Service of

the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Hartley’* A Bill for vesting in David Esqulre, his

Patent. Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a certain Method, by him invented, of securing Buildings and Ships against the Calamities of Fire, throughout His Majesty’B Dominions, for a Time to be limited, was read a Second Time.

Re/otved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Barrow, &c.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mrmy; A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for

Mutiny the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee Of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

t

apply. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom'it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament of the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance to the 24th Day of June 1777, be further continued, and

Charged upon all Malt Which shall be made, and all -Mum which shall be made of imported, and all Cyder VOL. 36.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Winchcombe Hartley and Mr Breretoh

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Honourable George Cranfieli Gloucester Berkeley, who has petitioned this House, complaining Ekaion' of an undue Election and Return for the County of Gloucester, do, by himself or Agents, on the 13th Day of December next, deliver to the Sitting Member, of his Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioner to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Member, giving in the said Lifts the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Member for the County of Gloucester do^ by himself or Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts, on his Part, to the Petitioner or his Agents.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accoxntx Account of the Quantities of the several Sorts of Corn, ordered 1 which, agreeable to an Act, passed in the Thirteenth ^orn* Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of " Corn," have been warehoused, specifying the Times and Port wherein the same have been lodged; also, an Account of the Quantities from time to time taken out for Re-exportation, and the Quantities from time to time taken out for Sale in the Home Market, from the Time of the passing of the said Act, as far as the feme can be made up.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 20° dNovembris;

Anno 170 Georgii IIId* Regis, 1776,

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers

of an Act, made in the Second Year of His pre- Common, sent Majesty’s Reign, for repairing, widening, turning, and Shortening, the Road leading from the Turnpike R 1 Road On Farrard's Common, in the Parish of,

through Holt and Melksham, to Homan's Stile, in the Parish of Laycock, in the County of Wilts s and for completing a Communication between the said Road and the Bath Turnpike Road, upon Kingsdown in the same County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an

N Act,

46 20° Novembris. A. 1776.

Act, made in the Second Year-of llis present Majesty’s . A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Exe-- Combe

Reign, for repairing, widening, turning, and shorten- cution an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the ing, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Reign of his late Majesty King the Second,

Farraril's-Common, in the Parish of Bradford, through intituled, "An Act for widening and repairing the

Holt and Melksham, to Homan's Stile, in the Parish of " Road from Combe Bridge, in the County of

Laycock, in the Cminty of Wilts s and for completing <( Jet, to Bradford, in the County and from

a Communication between the said Road and the Bath "thence through Hilperton, and so far over Turnpike Road, upon Kings down Hill, in the same " Common as to join the Road which leads from Steeple. County. " Ashton to Trowbridge, and also the Road leading

Ordered, That Mr. Herbert do carry the Bill to the " from Bradford aforesaid, to Cockhill Gate in the said Lords, and desire their Concurrence.. " County of and of several Mortgagees under

the same Act; and of the several Persons, Inhabitants Marine Mr. Tucker presented to the House, according to of the said County of Wilts, was presented to the Force*. Order, a Bill lor the Regulation of His Majesty’s House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Act has Marine Forces while on Shore; and the same was been continued to be put in Execution, for which received; and read the First Time. .< Purpose several Sums of Money have been borrowed

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. on the Credit thereof, which remain due, and the said , ' Act is near expiring; and that the Petitioners appre*

Derby» A Petition of several of the Trustees for executing hend, it would be a public Convenience, if the Road Athborne much of Two several Acts, made in the Eleventh leading from the Town of to a certain House

Hoads, and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of Xing George on Wingfield Common, in the Parish of Wingfield, in the Second, for repairing several Roads leading to and the County of late in the Occupation of . from the Town-of Derby, in the County of Derby, as Danvers, Esquire; and also the Road from a certain relates to the District of Roads leading from Derby, House, lately belonging to Mr. Humphrey in

through the Town of Ashborne,.to Hurdloe House, in Tippett Street, in the Town of to The Three

the said County of Derby; and of several Persons who Oaks, on the Common called; and

have advanced Money on the Credit of the Tolls anting also the Road from the on

within the said District, was presented to the House, Leigh, through Woolly, to join the Holt Turnpike Road and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees ailing on on Forwards Commons and also the Road' beginning the said District of Roads from Derby, through Ashbome, at, and leading from, St aver ton Bridge, through Holt, to Hurdloe House, have proceeded to put the said Acts to and ending at a Bridge at the Bottom of Bradford jn Execution, so far as the same relate to the said Leigh, called Ell Bridges and which said several'

District, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Branches of Road last mentioned all lie within the "Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, great ^art of !Parish of Bradfords were widened and amended, and ' which remains still unpaid; and that the said Acts are for that Purpose included in an Act with the several very deficient with respect to the Tuid District, and fur- Roads directed by the aforesaid Act to be repaired, r ther Powers and Provisions are wanting^ and t^a^the with Provisions for securing the Mortgagees under the Term granted by the said Acts is near expiring; and said former Act, and for amending and keeping in < that, if the Trustees were enabled ,to divert part of the Repair the Whole of the above-mentioned Roads: And

Road between the Town of Ashbome and Hk Inn therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring Turnpike, through the Parish of Fenhy 1‘lep.tley, it in a Bill for those Purposes, under proper Regulations.

Would be of great Use to the Country, and contribute Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the to the Improvement of the Road: And therefore pray- Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-ing, That Leave may be given to bring ip a Bill for amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it enlarging the Terms and Powers of the said Aetsj so shall appear to them, to the House; far as the same relate to the District of Roads from And. it is'referred to Mr. Goddard, Mr. the Town of Derby, through Ashbome to Hurdloe&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at House, and for enabling the Trustees to divert Part of Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; anc! the said Road as above mentioned. have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- A Petition of George Dike, of and

amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it John Lea, of Doth in the Pai ilh of Bradford,

shall appear to them, to the House: in the County of Wilts, Esquires, was presented to the

And it is referred to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. House, and read; Setting forth. That, by Articles of -Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Agreement, bearing Date the 12th Day of 1731, Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s and made between John ThreOier, Thomas Methuep, Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, John Cooper, and John Long, Esquires, and others, In-and Records. - habitants of, and Owners and Proprietors of Lands

and Tenements, in the Ty thing of Winjley aforesaid,

Supply Bill j Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according of the one Part, and Thomas Dike, of Limpley Malt, &c. to Order, a Bill for continuing and granting to His in the Parish of Bradford, in the County of Wilts, and Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Moses Cottle the Elder, of Winjley, in the same County,

Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven Gentlemen, of the other Part, after reciting that a hundred and Suventy-seven: And the same was re- Bridge was intended to be erected over the River Avon, ceived; and read the"First Time. at or near in the County of Wilts, by the

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. said Thomas Dike and Moses Cottle s and that, for some

Time past, a Way had been used for Horse and Foot Iflingtoa A Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Passengers, leading from Bradford to the City of Bath, foot. Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, in the through the said River Avon, at Stokeford aforesaid; County of Middlesex, and for building a Workhouse but that some Doubts had arisen, whether there was, for the said Parish, was read a Second Time. ‘ ’ or had been, any good Right or Title for Passengers

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Strahan, to pass or repass through the said Way: to the End,

Mr. Fenton, Sec.: And they are to meet this After- therefore, that' all such Doubts might for ever after noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chain- the erecting of such Bridge be removed, it was agreed ber. by all the Parties, that tRe W$y leading from

17 to

in Geo. III. so0 No47

to Stokefvrd should, immediately after the said Bridge was built, be deemed a public and common Highway; and that the same should at all Times be repaired by the Inhabitants and Land Owners, within the Tything of Winjlcy aforesaid, and uot by any particular Owner

or Owners, Tenant or Tenants, of Land then inclosed, or thereafter to be inclosed, lying adjacent to the said Road; and the said Inhabitants and Land Owners did thereby agree to pay the same Toll at the said Bridge, as should be paid to and collected by the said Thomas Dike and Mofcs Cottle, their Heirs and Assigns, from Passengers passing and repassing over the said Bridge, provided such Toll did not exceed One Shilling for a Coach, Chariot, or Waggon; and Six Pence for every Cart or Wain; and One Penny for each Horse; and a Halfpenny for each Passenger; and Five Pence for each Score of Sheep, Lambs, and Pigs; and an Halfpenny for each Bull, Ox, or Cow, and foin proportion for every greater Number of Cattle; and that the said Thomas Dike and M Cottle did afterwards, at their own Expence, (whereof Three Fourth Parts was paid by the said Thornes Dike, and One Fourth Part by the said Mofcs Cottle) erect and build such Bridge near Stokeford, and a House or Tenement

for the Habitation of a Person to collect the Tollsj and they an ! their Representatives have ever since, at their own Expence, maintained and kept, as well the same Bridge, as also such Part of the Road as lies between Combe Bridge aforesaid and Gate, in

the Tything of Winjlcy, in good Repair, and have taken and received, at the same Bridge, for their own life, not only from the Inhabitants of the Tything of Winfley, but from all Persons passing over the said Bridge, the several Tolls and Duties herein after mentioned; that is to say, for, every Waggon, Coach, Chariot, or other Four-wheel Carriage, One Shilling; for every Cart, Chaise, or other Two-wheel Carriage, Six Pence; for any horse. Mule, or Afs, One Penny; for every Ox, Cow, or other neat Cattle, an Halfpenny; for every Score of Sheep, Lambs, or Pigs, Five Pence; and for every Foot Passenger, an Halfpenny; and that the Petitioners, the said George Who is the only Son and Heir of the said Thomas Dike, deceased, and also the said John Lea, Son and Heir, and also Devisee named in the last Will and Testament of William Lea, deceased, who purchased of and from Mofcs Cottle, Son and Heir of the said Moses Cottle, deceased, his Fourth or Quarter Part of the said Bridge, are willing and desirous to undertake and continue to repair and support the said Bridge, and to keep in Repair such Part of the said Road as aforesaid, so as the Tolls and Duties so taken at the said Bridge be established and continued to them, or to such Person or Persons as shall for the Time being be Owner or Owners of the said Bridge, according to their respective Interests therein; and that the Petitioners have been informed, that tfle Trullees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for widening and repairing the Road from Combe 4t Bridge, in the County of to Bradford, in

" the County of Wilts, and from thence through " person, and so far over Ashlon Common as to join the " Road which leads from Steeple to

*f and also the Road leading from Bradford aforesaid to 41 Cockhill Gate, in the said County of and also

the Mortgagees under the same Act, and other Persons, have presented their Pet ition to the House, for the Renewal of the said Act, and which said Act contained certain Clauses, enabling the Petitioners to collect the Tolls and Duties aforesaid, under certain Conditions therein set forth, and which they have since done: And therefore praying. That there may be added to the said intended Act of Parliament certain Clauses, empowering them and their Representatives to collect the Tolls and Duties at the said Bridge, from all Persons what-Vol. 36,

soever, in Manner aforesaid, they keeping the fame, and also the said Road, in Repair, and that under such Regulations as to the House shall l'eem meet.

A Messagefrom His Majesty, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned; . \ .

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended His Majesty, in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Afient to the public Bill following; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven.

Ordered, That the said Petition of George Dike, of Limpley Stoke, and John Lea, of Winjley, both in the Parish of Bradford, in the County of Wilts, Esquires, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the last preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the Came, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent, in the room of William Hey, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Town and Port, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lejhoithiel, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Charles Brett, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Mr. Walter presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Town of Great in the County of Devon, and other Trustees, to grant Part of the Common, or Waste Lands, called Great Torrington Common, to William Callon, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, and other the Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Winchcombe Hartley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Paul Johan Christian Tax wad John Valli And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Andreas Gottliebs to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition

Royal Assent to

Bill.

Comhc

Bridge

Road.

Sandwich

Writ.

Leftwithicl

Writ.

Great

Torrington

Woollen

Tax’s and Gottlieb's Nat*

Andreas J Gottlieb’s Nat*

48

20° — 210 Novembris.

A. 1776.

Henfleld,

kc

R<wd.

Army*

Mutiny

.and

Desertion.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor, Rector, Churchwarden, and Overseer of the Poor, occupying much the greatest Part of the Lands in the Parish of . Newtimber, in the County of , was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road from the Foot of Saddlefcomb Hill, at or near The Marie Pit, to The Marie Pit fronting Newtimber Broad Lane (being about Six Furlongs in Length) is bad, foun-derous, and narrow, and cannot be properly amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That it may be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the May-pole > at the End of the Turnpike Road, in the Town and Parish of Ilenfield, through the-several Parishes therein mentioned, to the Town of is

committed; that they do admit aClause, to repair and widen the said Road from the Bottom of SaddLfcoinb Hill, near The Marie Pit, to The Marie Pit fronting Nero timber Broad Lane.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And It is referred to Mr. Netonham,'bAr. Gascoyne, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolv.ed itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

in the Second and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, leading into the Town of Leominster, in the County of Hereford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Provisions of the first of the said Acts were therein declared to have Continuance for the Term of Twenty-one Years, from the 31st Day of May, 1729; and that, by the other of the said Acts, the nrft mentioned was continued from the Expiration of the Term' thereby granted, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and some Amendments were made in order to render the same more effectual, both which Terms would have expired upon the 31st Day of May 1772, but for the Term of Five Years added to all Turnpike Acts then existing, by a pubffc Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of his said late Majesty, called The Broad-wheeled; and that the said Term of Five Years, and the Whole of the said Acts of the Second and Twenty-second Years of his said Majesty, will totally expire on the 31st Day of May next; and that the Sum of/. 500 raised by Mortgage of the Tolls, and expended upon the said Roads, now remains due, together with a considerable Arrear of Interest; and several Sums of Money ar6 yet due to Workmen, and others, for Materials used, and Work done, on the said Roads; and that, owing to the Insufficiency of the Tolls to complete the said Roads, and from the Number of Carriages with great Weights travelling thereon, the said Roads were in so bad a State as to be indicted by the Judge, at the Lent Assizes held for the said County of Hereford in 1775, and from which the Petitioners have applied for a Respite, but have not obtained it; and that, unless the said Acts are further continued, the Money so due on Mortgage, and otherwise, cannot be paid, nor can the said Roads be prevented from becoming impafiabld, unless some further Powers are granted for amending the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending the said Roads,

Leominster

Roods.

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several and for securing the several Sums of Money now due

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 21* die Novembris;

Anno 170 Georgii III1'* Regis, 1776. Prayers.

TsAUL Johan Christian Tax and John Vallientine Gottlieb, took the Oaths appointed, in Order to their Naturalization.

A Petition of several Trustees to Two Acts, made

on the Credit of the said expiring Acts.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Harley, Sir Charles Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the most noble Henry Duke of Newcastle, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunder written, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Parish of Winthorpe, in the County of Nottingham, several Open Fields, Meadows, and Pasture Grounds, known by the Names of The Old Field Pasture, The Middle Pasture, The Long Hollow Pasture, The Carr, and The ,containing

together 225 Acres 3 Roods and 25 Perches, or thereabouts; and that the Owners and Proprietors of the said Open Fields, Meadows, and Pasture Grounds, have, for Time immemorial, used and enjoyed a Right of Common, during certain Seasons in the Year, in, over, and upon the fame, according to a certain Stint or Rate; and that His Majesty is, in Right of His Crown, seised of the Manor and Hundred of Newark, in the County of Nottingham, within the Bounds and Limits whereof the said Parish of Winthorpe is comprised and contained, and the said Manor and Hundred are now in the Possession of the Duke of Newcastle, who holds the same under a Lease from the Crown; and that Roger Pocklington, Efijuire, is Patron of the Rectory

of

Winthorpe

Inckrsure.

j 7 Geo. III.

2i° Novem*

49

Derby,

thro’

A fh borne Rofiklt.

of the Parish and Parish Church of aforesaid, and entitled to the Perpetual Advowson of the same Rectory and Parish Church, and the Reverend Samuel Rafail, Clerk, is Rector of the said Parish, and

entitled to certain Glebe Lands, and also to all the Tythes arising and renewing within the said Parish of Winthorpe', and that the Lands and Grounds belonging to the several Proprietors, in the said Open Fields, Meadows, and Paliure Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed, and it would be advantageous to the several Proprietors of, and the Persons entitled to, and interested in, the said Open Fields, Meadows, and Pashire Grounds, to have the same divided and inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to them, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to hring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Pasture Grounds, in the Parish of , in the County of Nottingham, in such Manner, and under such

Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Chaytor, the Earl of Lincoln, and Lord Edward tinck, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee,

to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for executing so much of Two several Acts, made in the Eleventh and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, as relates to the District of Roads leading from Derby, through the Town of Ashborne, to House, in the said County of; and of several Persons who have advanced Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising within the said DUlrifl, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were produced, and read: And,

Mr. Francis Beresford, being examined, said, That

the Trustees acting on the said District of Roads from Derby, through Ashborne, to Hurdloe House, have executed the said Acts within the said District, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls within the said District; great Part of which is still due, and unpaid: That the said Acts are very Deficient with Respect to the said District of Roads; and further Powers and Provisions are wanting; and that the Term granted by the said Acts will soon expire.

And the Witness further added, That a Power is much wanted to enable the Trustees to alter the Course of Part of the Road between the Town of Ashborne and New Jnn Turnpike: That such new Road would be nearer, more easily kept in Repair, and be much more upon the Level, than the present Road from Ashborne to New Inn Turnpike, and would therefore greatly contribute to the Improvement of the Road, as well as to the Convenience of the Country; and that no additional Toll is proposed to be laid for the Purpose of altering the Course of the said Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Eleventh and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, so far as the fame, relate to the Road from the said Town of Derby, through Ashborne, to Hurdloe

VOL.36L

House, in the said County of Derby iand for enabling the Trustees to alter Part of the Course of the present Road between Ashborne and the Nezo Jnn Turnpike:

And that Lord George Cavendish-, Mr. and

Lord Richard Cavendish, do prepare, and bring in> the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to MonaoutH put in Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Rowb.' Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening the several Roads therein " mentioned, leading to, through, and from, the Town " of Monmouth," was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the said Act has been continued to be put in Execution, to the Advantage of all Persons travelling thereon; for which Purpose several Sums of Money have been borrowed upon the Credit thereof, which still remain due; and that some of the Tolls granted by the said Act prove to be insufficient for the Purpose they were given, and some other. Alter* ations are necessary to be made to the said Act: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner, an4 under such Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they dd examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Morgan, Mr. Mellish, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Marine Forces while on Shore, was read a Second Time. Forces,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, To-morrowMorning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for continuing, and grahtingto His Majesty, Supply Bill; certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for Malt, &c. the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, To*morrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Army;

Mutiny

and

Desertion#

O

5°

2 2° Novembris,

A. 1776.

Veneris, 2 2° die Novemhris;

Anno 170 Georgii III1'1' Regis, 1776.

Prayers.

Bedford, A PETITION of the Right honourable Earl &c. xV. of Upper OJfory of the Kingdom of Ireland, Road. Robert Lord Ongley of the Kingdom of Ireland, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Fieeholders and Inhabitants of the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from the South West End of the Town of near a Close there,

called The Stall Gate Close, in the Parish of Saint John, in the said Town, through the Parishes of Saint John and Saint Maiy, in the said Town, and the Parishes of Elvefow, Kempfton, Houghton Conquef, wad Amp thill,

in the County of Bedford, to the Town of and alfcr the Road leading from the said Town of Amp-thill, through the said Parish of Anipthill, and the Parishes of Milbrook, Lidlington Ridgmont, Hujborn,

Crawley, and Woobum, in the said County of Bedford, to Woobum Park;and also the Road branching out of

the said Road from Bedford to Amplhill, in Kempfton Field, and passing by the End of Town,

through the Parishes of Elveftoio and Mary aforesaid, and the Parish of in the said County of Bedford, till it meets the Turnpike Road from Hit-

chin to Bedford, are in a ruinous and dangerous Condition in many Places, and cannot be effectually repaired by the Laws now in Force; and that the repairing of the said Roads would be of great public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectually repairing the said Roads, by making the same Turnpike Roads, in such Maimer as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Ongley, Mr. Powys, Ac.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend fov Persons, Papers, and Records.

Tempsford A Petition of Sir Gillies Payne, Baronet, Lord of Inclosure. the Manor of Tempsford, in the County of Bedford, Philip Monoux, Clerk, Rector of the Parish of Tempsford aforesaid, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto set. Proprietors of Land in the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and other Places, within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open or Common Fields and Meadows, and also a certain Parcel or Tract of Common Waste Land, called The Marsh, and also other Common Waste Lands, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and which, if inclosed, divided, and allotted to the several Parties interested therein, according to their respective Shares and Interests, would be of great Benefit and Advantage: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Commons, within the said Parish of Tempsford, under such . Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

the Lord Ongley and Sir John Goodricke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the T ruftees appointed to put Iced*

in Execution the Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood to j£,adj. the South West Corner of the Inclosures of,

and from thence in Two Branches, One through Ripley over Bur age Green, and the other through rough and Borough Bridge to Ripon, and from thence to the First Rill of Water or Watercourse on Hutton Moor, in the County of York, and for repairing the Sloughs or Ruts on the said Moor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That several Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls and Duties in the said Acts granted, which have beert laid out towards repairing and amending the said Roads; and the Tolls directed to be taken by the said Acts have from Time to Time, been applied for the said Purpose; and paying the Interest of the Money borrowed; and that the said Roads have from Time to Time been repaired, but several Sums of Money borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls are Hill owing, and the Tolls and Duties directed by the said Acts to be collected have been insufficient to pay the Principal and Interest of the Money so borrowed, and to keep the said Roads in Repair; and that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Terms already granted be further continued: And therefore praying,' That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose aforesaid, with respect to those Parts of the said Roads from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, Harrogate, Ripley, and over Burage Green, to Ripon aforesaid, and from

thence to the First Rill of Water or Watercourse on Hutton Moor aforesaid; and also as to that Part of the said Road from Borough Bridge to Ripon aforesaid, beginning at the East End of JCirbyHill Moor, in the said

County of York, and from thence to Ripon aforesaid, with such further Powers, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lawrence, Mr. Powys, &c.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Naffington, thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Najfing-

ton, Yarwell, Apethorp and Wood Newton, within the

Prebend or Peculiar of Naffington, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House and read;

Setting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners, and others, in the said Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to the Parties interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House Dial I direct.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Poxoys, Mr. Knightley, and Mr. Eaves, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Tanfor , thereunto indoiure.

i7 Geo. III-

22* Novembris.

thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Tanfor, in the County of , was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners and others, in the said Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, lie intermixed-, and dif- perfect in small Parcels, and arc, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclol'ed, it would be very advantageous to the Parties interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall direct.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Powys, Mr. Knightley, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

County of Somerfdt;and for repairing the Road from

The Red Lion, in the Parish of Wuolverton, to Rode Bridge, and from the said Bridge to the Turnpike Road leading from Trowbridge, by White to Beck-

ing ton aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elzves, Mr. Whitworth, &c.:* And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Defer-; tion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the 'Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Thorpe Mr. Poroys presented to the House, according to Malfor Older, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common lodofore. Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, within the Manor and Parish

ferr, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Account Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an ordered; Account of the Monies raised at the Receipt of the XJ5iUs!Kr Exchequer, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in pursuance of an Act, pasted in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the " Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes " therein mentioned;" and to whom the same were issued.

uppjy B>Ui Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House a r’ &c* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-seven, be now read. ‘

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit. " -

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to direct that the Deficiency, which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1777, of the Income of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year 1775, to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1777.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Corn- mittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directedhim to report, when the House will please to receive the same. ‘

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Roails.

Wartninster, A Bill for enlarging the Term, and altering the &c- Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the Road from the Town of Warminster, in the County of to a Place where

the Roads to Bath and divide, and from the

Town of Frame to the Town of in the

Yol. 36.

A Petition'of the Freeholders, Owners, and Proprietors, of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in the Township of Bamjley, in the County of whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there-are, within the Township of Bamfey, several Uninclosed Commons, or Moors, known by the Names of Harborough, otherwise Harbour Hills, Meajbrough Common, Race Common, Pogg Moor Common, Kef forth, otherwise-Keresforth Hill Common, The Old Town Green or

Greenfoot Common, Dodworth Bottom fommon, Barnfey

Warren, and certain other Parcels of Waste Ground, containing by Estimation 500 Acres, or thereabouts; and also Five several Open and Uninclosed Common Fields, called by the Names of The Church Field., Old. Mill Field, Farr Field, Swinhill, otherwise Swinnel, and Woodboyce, otherwise Wood Boos Field, containing by Estimation 280 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the said Commons or Moors, so long as the same lie open and uncultivated, are of little Use to the Owners and Proprietors thereof and in a great Measure incapable of'Improvement, and very fit and proper to be inclosed and turned into Agriculture; and that the several Open and Uninclosed Common Fields lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are very inconvenient, so that, if the same were inclosed, and divided amongst the Owners and Proprietors thereof into just Allotments and Proportions, it would be of great Advantage to the several Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave' may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said Commons or Moors, and Open and Uninclosed Common Field*, according to every PersonVRight therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Burridge Cholwich, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, at the late Election for a Member to serve in Parliament for the City of Exeter, in the room of John Walter, Esquire, the Petitioner and John Baring, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the said Mr. Baring was at the Time of the £iid Election, and still is, Sheriff of the County of Devon, and as such, the Petitioner is advised, he is disqualilied from being elected a Member to serve in Parliament; and that, at the Place of Election, and before the taking the Poll, the Returning Officer and the Electors had public Notice, that the said Mr. Baring, being Sheriff cf Devon, was incapable of being cholen to represent the said City in Parliament, and that all Votes given for him would be thrown away; notwithstanding which, the Returning Officer persisted in proceeding to take the Poll, and the said Mr. Baring procured a Return in

hi?

Army;

Mutiny

and.

Desertion.

Barnsley

Inclosure*

Exeter

Eie&ion.

22* Novembris. A. 1776,

his Favour, in manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner, who, being the only Candidate capable of being elected, was duly elected, and ought to have been retamed; and that the Returning Officer admitted in Favour of Mr. Baring the Votes of several Persons who had no Right to vote, and rejected, to the Prejudice of the Petitioner, the Votes of several Persons who had a Right to vote; and the said Mr. Baring and his Agents, after the said John Walter had vacated his Seat in Parliament, and during the said Election, did give and lend, and promise to give and lend, divers Sums of Money, and other Rewards, and did also openly and publicly give and allow Meat, Drink, Provision, and Entertain* inent, to many of the Electors of the said City, who had, or claimed, a Right to Vote at the said Election, in order to corrupt and procure them to vote for the said Mr. Baring, and to refrain giving their Votes for the Petitioner; and that the said Mr. Baring and his Agents were guilty of other notorious Acts of Bribery and Corruption, and of divers flagrant Attempts to bribe and corrupt the Electors of the said City, in open Defiance of the Law and the Freedom of Elections, and the manifest Injury of the Petitioner and the un-corrupt Electors of the said City; and, by those and other illegal and unwarrantable Practices, the said Mr. Baring procured an apparent Majority on the Poll, and was returned, notwithstanding the Petitioner had a Majority of legal and uncorrupt Voters, and was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, although \ the said Mr. Baring had been eligible and capable of

serving in Parliament at the Time of the said Election: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant him such Relief therein, as Hull upon Examination of the Fads appear to be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con* federation upon Thursday the 6th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the ioth and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were Cent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Marine Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Forces. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Grey Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Grey Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Shaftefbuty A Petition of Thomas Rumbold, Esquire, being le&ion. offered to be presented to the House;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Petition be brought up;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

18

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the Debate be adjourned till Monday the 3d Day of February next;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That, in the last Session of Parliament, the House came to divers Resolutions, upon taking into Consideration the Minutes of the Examination taken before the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Hans Wintrop Mortimer, Esquire, complaining of-an undue Election and Return lor the Borough of Shaf-. tesbury, and in particular a llesolution, " That it appeared to this House, from the said Minutes, that " the Petitioner was a principal Promoter and Suborner " of wilful and corrupt Perjury at the said Election;" and that the Petitioner had not any Intimation given him, that any Proceedings were intended to be had with respect to him; and, as the Petitioner is conscious of his Innocence, he trusts he should have been able, had he been apprized of such Proceedings, to have satisfied the House, that there was no Foundation for so heinous a Charge; and that the Petitioner’s Character and Reputation are highly affected by the said Resolution; and that the Petitioner did make an Application, in the last Session of Parliament, to the House, for Relief in the Premises,-tvhich was rejected; and the Resolution concerning which the Petitioner offered his said Petition having been passed in the said Session, the Petitioner apprehends, that that Circumstance might have been a Motive to the House, not to grant the Prayer of his said Petition: The Petitioner therefore hopes. That, this Cause no longer existing, his Request may now be more favourably received.

The House was moved. That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 14th Day of in

the last Session of Parliament, of the Proceedings of the House, on taking into Consideration the Minutes of the Examination taken before the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Hans Wintrop Mortimer, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Shafton, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset, so far as the same relates to Thomas

Rumbold, Esquire, together with the Order of the same Day to the Attorney General. to prosecute the said Thomas Rumbold, Esquire, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;.

Ordered, That the said Order to the Attorney General, for prosecuting the said Thomas Esquire, be discharged.

A Petition of Francis Sykes, Esquire, was presented Ditto, to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in the last Session of Parliament, the House came to divers Resolutions, upon taking into Consideration the Minutes of the Examination taken before the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Hans Wintrop Mortimer, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Shaftesbury, and in particular a Resolution,

" That it appeared to this House, from the said " Minutes, That the Petitioner was a principal Pro*

" moter and Suborner of wilful and corrupt Perjury " at the said Election;" and that the Petitioner bad not any Intimation given him, that any Proceedings were intended to be had with respect to him; and, as the Petitioner is conscious of his Innocence, he trusts he should have been able, had he been apprised of such Proceedings, to have satisfied the House, that there was no Foundation lor so heinous a Charge; and that the Petitioner’s Character and Reputation are highly ah fected by the said Resolution; and that the Petitioner did make an Application, in the last Session of Parliament, to the House, lor Relief in the Premises, which was rejected; and the Resolution concerning which the

Petitioner

ly Geo. Ill* 22 — 25 N53

Petitioner offered his said Petition having been passed in the said Session, the Petitioner apprehends that that Circumstance might have been a Motive to the House not to grant the Prayer of his said Petition; the Petitioner therefore hopes, that, this Cause no longer existing, his Request may now be more favourably received.

The House was moved. That the Entry in the Journal Of the I louse, of the 14th Day of February, in the last Session of Parliament, of the Proceedings of the House, on taking into Consideration the Minutes of the Examination taken before the said Select Committee, so far as the same relates to Francis Sykes, Esquire, together with the Order of the same Day to the Attorney General, to prosecute the said Francis Sykes, Esquire, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order to the Attorney General, for prosecuting the said Francis Sykes, Esquire, be discharged.

The House was also moved. That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the said 14th Day of in the lull Session of Parliament, of the Proceedings of the House, on taking the said Minutes into Consideration, so far as the same relate to John Good, William Bennett, 1 Villi am Armjlron Matlheio Mere field, William Pope, and Thomas together with the

Order to (he Attorney General, to prosecute the said several Persons, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order to the Attorney General, for prosecuting the said John Good, William Bennett, William Armfrmig, Matthew William

Pope, and Thomas Hannbe discharged.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-and Means, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for* raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned fill Monday Morning next. Ten (ft the Clock.

Luncey25 Novembris;

Anno if Georgii III"* Regis, 1776. Prayers.

Great A BI L L to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and ^Woolfen11 ®ur£efl*es the Town of Great Torrington, in

Manufacture the County of Devon, and other Trustees, to grant Part of the Common, or Waste Lands, called Great Torrington Common, to William Gallon, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, and other the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harris, Mr. Waller, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Wendover, A Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Freeze. holders, residing near, and passing through the High-Road. way or ffoad between the West End of the Town of Wendover, in the County of Bucks, and the End of a Lane called Oak Lane, neset the great Road called The Oxford Road, between the Town of and

V'OJL. 36.

Uxbridge, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act, made in the 24th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Wendover to the Town of1 Buckingham, in the County of Bucks, the Road leading from the West End of the Town of Wendover to the End of a Lane called Oak Lane, next the great Road called The Oxford Road, lying between the Town of Beconsfield, in the said County of Bucks, and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex and also that Part of the said great Road which leads from the said Town of Be cons field to the River Colne, near Uxbridge aforesaid, and also Half a Mile of Road next from the River Colne towards Becons field, are directed to be repaired; and that the Trustees for executing the said Act have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls arising upon such Part of the Roads aforesaid, as lies between the West End of the Town of Wendover and the End of Oak Lane aforesaid, which Money, together with the Tolls arising. upon that Road, have been applied in the Repairs thereof, and also in amending Half a Mile of Road next from the River Colne towards Beconsfeld, agreeable to the Directions of the said Act; and representing to the House, that the said Road from the West End of the Town of Wendover to the End of Oak Lane aforesaid, and also the Half Mile of Road next from the River Colne towards Beconsfeld aforesaid, cannot be kept in good Repair, and the Money due and owing as aforesaid paid off, unless the Term and Power’s of the said Act, so far as the same relate to the said Roads, be further continued and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, so far as the same relate to the Road from the West End of the Town of Wendover to the End of Oak Lane aforesaid, and also to the Half Mile of Road next from the River Colne towards Beconsfeld aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Earl Vemey, Mr.

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power, to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Johnes do make the Report from LeominlUf the Committee, to whom the Petition of several RoaJ*4 Trustees to Two Acts, made in the Second and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, leading into the Town of in the County of Hertford, was referred.

Mr. Johnes accordingly reported from the said Committee, Thai the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25 th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts of the Second and Twenty-second Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and also an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the same Reign, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and " Prefer vat ion of the public Highways and Turnpike

P Reads

2$ Novembris. A. 177

Leominster

Road*.

.Ditto.

Cambridge

Election.

" Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual " Execution of the Laws relating thereto," were read: And,

Mr. Benjamin Fellmces, being examined, said, he is Clerk of the Peace for the County of Hertford, and Treasurer to the said Trustees; that he never received or heard of the said Orders relating to Applications for Turnpike Bills, nor, to the belt of his Knowledge, were any of the acting Trustees apprised of them; that there is the Sum of £. 500, together with an Arrear of interest, due on Mortgage on the Credit of the said Acts, bolides considerable Debts to Workmen, and for Materials; that from the Smallness of the Tolls, and Badness of Materials, the Trustees have not been able completely to amend and keep in Repair the Whole of the Roads comprised in the said Acts, in consequence of which a Part of them was in 1775 indicted, and ineffectual Application made to get the Issues respited; that the Term granted by the said Acts, together with the additional one given by the said General Highway Act, Will expire in May 1777; and that, unless the same be further continued, it will be impossible to repay the said Sum due on Mortgage, or discharge the other Debts: And he added, that if the Term of the said Acts is fuftered to expire, the said Roads will very soon become impaftable.

A Petition of the Right honourable Thomas Harley, Mortgagee under several Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty-second Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, leading into the Town o fLeomin the County of Hereford, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That there is now due to the Petitioner the Sum of Five Hundred Pounds, advanced on Mortgage of the Tolls by the said Acts granted and continued, for the Purpose of amending and supporting the said Roads, together with an Arrear of interest; and that the Terms of the said Acts, together with an additional Term of Five Years granted in the same Reign, by the Public Act for encouraging the Use of Broad Wheels, will expire upon the Thirty-first Day of May next, whereupon the Tolls will cease, and the Petitioner must be without any Security for Re-payment of the Money so advanced, with the interest due thereupon, unless the said Acts be further continued; and that the Petitioner observes, that some of the Trustees have petitioned the House for a Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers of the said Acts; but have, as the Petitioner is informed, neglected to give the Notices prescribed by the Standing Orders, made by the House in 1774,relative toTumpike Bills: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Confederation, and grant him such Relief therein as they shall judge expedient.

Ordered, That the said Report and Petition do lie Upon the Table.

Ordered, That, in Confederation of the particular Circumftaeeces set forth in the Petition now presented to the House, and in the said Report, Leave be granted, that Notices may be given at the ensuing Christmas Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County of Hereford, and by Advertisements in the public News Papers, published within the same County in the Months of December and January next, or one of them, of the Application to Parliament for a Continuation of the Terms of the said Acts, in such and the like Manner as are required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, of Applications intended to be made relative to Turnpike Bills.

A Petition of Thomas Plumer Byde, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That at the last Election of aMember to serve in Parliament for the Town of Cambridge, the Petitioner and Benjamin

Keene, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the Petitioner is informed, and believes, that the said Benjamin

Keene, by himself or Agents, was- guilty of Bribery, and other corrupt and illegal Practices, by Means whereof the said Benjamin Keene hath procured himself to be electesl and returned a Member to represent the said Town in Parliament, to the manifest Wrong of the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant him such Relief as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesdaythe nth Day of next,

at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of fevera) Freemen of the Town of Cambridge, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Thomas Plumer Byde, Esquire, and Benjamin Keene, Esquire, were Candidates for the Town of Cambridge, at the late Election; and that Benjamin Keene, Esquire, was returned to serve in the present Parliament for the said Town; that there is the greatest Reason to suspect and believe the said Keene,

Esquire, obtained his Election by the most undue Means and corrupt Practices: And therefore praying the House will take their same into Consideration, and order them such Relief as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuaqce of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

A Bill for naturalizing Paul Johan Christian Tax and John Vallientine Gottlieb, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Winch-combe Hartley, Mr. Hartley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Ongley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Right honourable John Earl of Upper Offory of the Kingdom of Ireland, Robert Lord Ongley of the Kingdom of Ireland, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Freeholders and Inhabitants of the County of Bedford, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr, William Jones, being examined, said. That the Road from the South West End of the Town of Bedford, near Stall Gate CloJ'e, in the Parish of John, in the said Town, through the Parishes of Saint John and Saint Mary, in the said Town and Parishes of Kempjton, Houghton Conquest, and in the County of Bedford, to the Town of also the

Road leading from the said Town, through the said Parish of Ampthill, and the Parishes of Lid-

lington, Ridgmont, Hu/born, Craivley, and Woobum, in the said County, to Wooburn; and also the Road

branching

.Ditto:

Tax'f

and

GottlielA

Nat.

Bedford,

&c.

Road*

ty Geo. III.

25° Novembris.

55

Combe

Bridge

Road.

branching out of the said Road from Bedford to thill, in iCempJton Field, passing by the End of Town, through the Parities of and Saint Mari)

aforesaid, and the Parish of in the said

County of Bedford, till it meets the Turnpike Road from Hiichin to Bedford, are in a very ruinous, and, in

many Places, dangerous Condition ;'and that if the same were amended it would be of great public Utility, which Cannot be done by the Laws now in force.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Stall Gate Close, at the Soulh "West End of the Town of to the Town of AmpthilI, and from the said Town of Ampthill to WooburnPark, in the County of Bedford}

and also the Road branching out of the fame, in ston Field, to the Turnpike Road leading from Hitchin to the said Town of Bedford: And that Mr. Gilbert and Mr. Feilde do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Goddard reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trullees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reigp of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for widening and repairing the Road " from Combe Bridge, in the County of to

" Bradford, in the County of Wilts, and from thence " through Hilperton, and so far over Common as

" to join the Road which leads from Steeple Ashton to " Troiobridge, and also the Road leading from

" aforesaid, to Cockhill-gate, in the said County of " Wilts-," and of several Mortgagees under the same Act; and of the several Persons, Inhabitants of the said County of Wilts; and also the Petition of George Dike, of Limply) Stoke, and John Lea, of both

in the Parish of Bradford, in the County of Wilts, Esquires, were referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, the said Act was read. And,

Daniel Clutterbuck, Esquire, the Treasurer, being examined, said. That the said Act has been put in Execution; and that there is now due on the Credit thereof the Sum of £.2,550; and that the said Act is near expiring: And the Witness further said. That the Money now owing cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the 1'erm granted by the said Act is continued, and the Powers altered and enlarged; and that the Road leading from the Town of Bradford, to a certain House on Wingfield Common, in the Parish of Wingfield, in the County of Wilts, late in the Occupation of Daniel Danvers, Esquire, and also the Road from a certain House, lately belonging to Humphry Tvgwell, in Pippett Street, in the Town

of Bradford to The Three Oaks, on the Common called Bradford Leigh, and also the Road from The Three Oaks, on Bradford Leigh, through Woolly, to join the Holt Turnpike Road, on a certain Common

called Forwards Common, and also the Road beginning at, and leading from a certain Bridge, called Staverton Bridge, through Holt, to and ending at a certain Bridge at the Bottom of Bradford Leigh, called Ell-bridge, in the Parish of Bradford, in the County of Wilts, are much out of Repair, in some Parts narrow and hilly; that the Statute Labour liable to be done thereon is not sufficient to keep the same inRepair; and that he apprehends if the same were properly amended and widened it would be a public Convenience.

Vol. 36.

Then, to prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, the said Act was again'read; whereby it appeared to your Committee, that the Petitioners were enabled to collect certain Tolls arid Duties therein mentioned at a Bridge across the River Avon, at ford, in the said County of Wilts: Arid the Witness being further examined, said. That it will be proper to continue the Powers of the said Act, respecting the said Bridge; and that the Act, in the Part relating thereto, wants some Explanation and Amendment.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill tQ enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " widening and repairing the Road from Combe Bridge, " in the County of Somerset, to Bradford, in the County " of Wilts; and from thence through Hilperton, andfo " far over Ashton Common as to join the Road which " leads from Steeple Ashton to Trowbridge; and also the " Road leading from Bradford aforesaid, to Cockhilt " Gate, in the said County of Wilts;" and for amending and widening the Road from the Town of Bradford aforesaid, to Wingfield Common; and from Pippett Street, in the said Town, to The Three Oaks, on Bradford Leigh Commrn;and from thence through Woolly,

to join the Holt Turnpike Road, on Foncards Common;

and also the Road from Staverton Bridge, through Holt, to Ellbridge, in the Parish of Bradford aforesaid: And that Mr. Goddard, Mr. Penruddock, and Mr. Methuen, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.,

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord of the Manor, Rector, Churchwarden, and Overseer of the Poor, occupying much the greatest Part of the Lands in the Parish of in the County of Suffer, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with; but that the Lord of the Manor, who is also the foie Proprietor of all the inclosed Lands adjoining to and abutting upon the Road leading from the Foot of Saddlef-comb Hill to The Marie Pit, facing Newtimber Broad Lane, being the Road proposed to be repaired, acquainted the Committee, that he is willing to make a Present of any Land that may be thought necessary by the Trullees to be made use of for widening the fame; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, A Member present informed your Committee, That the said Road is about Seven Furlongs in Length, and is in a ruinous Condition, and veiy narrow, and cannot be properly amended and widened by the ordinary Course of Law; and that it would be advantageous to the Public if the same was properly repaired and widened, as it will afford the Farmers in the Neighbourhood a better Supply of Marie and Chalk for - Manure; and he added, that the Expence of repairing and widening the said Road is computed at the Sum of £. 150, which he is willing to advance for that Purpose,

Ordered, That it be an Inftmftion to the Committee,

to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from The Maypole, at the End of the Turnpike Road in the Town of Henfield, in the County of Suffer, over Poynings Common, to the Town of Brighthelmston, and from Poynings Common aforesaid, to High Cross, in the Parish of Albourne;and from thence, for the Distance of Two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards Tzcineham, in the said County, is committed,

that

Henfield,

See.

Roads,

2 50 Novembris. A. 1776*

Account

presented;

Exchequer

Bill*.

that they have power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, For repairing and widening the Road from the Bottom of S'addlefcomb Hill, at or near Marie Pit, to The

Marie Pit fronting New timber Broad Lane.

The House being informed that Mr. Wilford, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Monies raised at the Receipt of

the Exchequer, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in pur- fuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to " raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned and to whom the same were issued.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as folio weth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies raised at the Receipt of the Exchequer, by Loans or Exchequer Pills, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty " to raile the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned;" and to whom the same were issued.

The Monies raised by Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of the above-mentioned A ft, amount to the Sum of One Million, and were issued as follow, viz.

To Richard Rigby, Esqr. Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces ..... 970,000----

To Charles Sloane Cadogan, Esqr. Matter and Worker of His Majesty’s Mint - - 30,oqo — —

£.1,000,000-----

Exchequer, the 25 th Day of Edward Wilford.

November 1776.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Tanfor Mr. Elxoes presented to the House, according to inclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Tanfor, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

East India The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Company, j^th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations " for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in

might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend so much of the said Act as relates to the Day on which the Annual Election of Directors of the said Company is to be made: And that Mr. James and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sopply Bill; Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Malt, &c. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie 16

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Gottlieb’s for naturalizing Andreas Gottlieb, was read a Second Nlt* Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Feilde,

Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet thfS Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Grey Cooper, according to Order, reported from Marine the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill *r°rocs* for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to SuPPIy-

resolve-

17 Geo. III. 250 — 26° N ' 57

' resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House> to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1777, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, in the Year 1777, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or " Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six," be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider lurther of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday and Me»ns. ^|ornjn„ next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martts, 26° Novembris;

Anno 170 Georgii III'U Regis, 1776.

Prayers.

Thames r1 ">HE House being informed that the Sheriffs of Navigation. the City of London attended at the Door; they

were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That, by an Act of Parliament, marie in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act more effectually to improve and complete the " Navigation of the River Thames, Westward of London Bridge, within the Liberties of the City of London, and to prevent any Veil'd or Barge from being " moored in Taploxo Stream, in the County of " Bucks," the Petitioners were authorized and impow-

VOL. 36.

ered to improve and complete the Navigation of the said River, between the City of London, and the City Stone above Staines Bridge, and that the Petitioners have proceeded to carry the said Act into Execution, and several necessary and expensive Works have been performed within their Jurisdiction, between London Stone near Staines, and London Bridge; whereby the Navigation

hath been greatly improved, the Passage for Boats and’

Barges rendered more expeditious, and the Expences of navigating considerably reduced; and that the Petitioners have already applied near Ten Thousand Pounds in this Service out of their own Estates, but find that, notwithstanding so large a Sum has been expended, other Works very necessary for completing the Improvement of the said Navigation Hill remain to be done; the probable Expence of which will (as the Petit ioners have been informed) amount to the additional Sum of near Eight thousand Pounds, over and above a considerable Expence that will annually be in- ,

curred, in repairing and supporting the Works; and that the Petitioners are desirous of being enabled to purchase the several Tolls and Duties now collected and taken for Bargesand other Vefibls navigating, and for Horses drawing l’uch Barges and Vessels, within the Limits before mentioned; and propose, that the said Tolls and Duties, so purchased by the Petitioners, shall cease, and be no longer paid, as they apprehend, from the Circumstances and Nature of the said Tolls and Duties, that they are attended with great Inconvenience to the Navigation, and to the Public; and that, if a final!1 Toll in lieu thereof were laid upon the several Barges,

Boats, and other Vessels, navigating the said River, between London Stone, new Staines, and London according to the Quantity of Tonnage, the Petitioners would be enabled more effectually to carry the good Purposes of the said former Act into Execution, to purchase the present Tolls and Duties, and to complete the said Navigation: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: -

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Oliver, Mr. A1 derman Hayley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Feilde reported from the Committee, to w hom Gottlieb’* the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act at* for naturalizing Andreas Gottlieb, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had ‘directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Feilde do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Hartley’s whom the Bill for vesting in David Hartley, Esquire, Patent, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a certain Method, by him invented, of securing Buildings and Ships against the Calamities of Fire, throughout His Majesty’s Dominions, for a Time to be limited, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

Q Place;

Tax'*

and

Gottlieb’s

Nat.

Supply Bill* Malt, See.

Kighlcy,

&c.

Hoads.

Crownthorpe

Inclosure.

58 a 6° Novembris.

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-

Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Winchcombe Hartley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Paul Julian Christian Tax and John VaUientine Gottlieb was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty; certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the Roads from

Kighleyto Wakefield, and from to Halifax, and

from DudleyIIill, through Beckwith Shaw, to Killinghall, and from Beckwith Shaio to the South West Corner of Harrogate Inclosures, in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Edzcard AJlley reported from the Committee, to

.whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Pgrifli of

Croivntliorpe, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the . Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except several Persons whose Property in the said Parish is rated to the Land Tax for £.27 per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and One Person, who could not be met with, who is rated for 4os. per;

and One other Person, who lives at a very great Distance, and had not been applied to, whose Property is rated for 20.r. per Annum;and that the whole Property

w ithin the said Parish is rated for £.286. 10Annum-, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone

unto; which they liad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in ht the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.'

Ordered, That the Bill, w'ith the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces w’hile on Shore, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces w’hile on Shore.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, within the Manor and Parish of Thorpe in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Rifolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elwes, Mr. Powys, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Earl Verney reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Freeholders, residing near and passing through the Highway or Road between the West End of the Town of Wendover, in the County of Bucks, and the End of

a Lane called Oak Lane, next the great Road called The Oxford Road, between the Town of Beconsfieldand Uxbridge, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Buckingham, as relates to the Road from the West End of the Town of Wenchwer, to the End of a Lane called

Oak Lane, next the great Oxford Road; and also to Half a Mile of Road next from the River Colne, towards BeconfeUl, in the said County of Buckingham, was read: And,

Mr. John Plaiftozve being examined, said. That the

Trustees for the Care of the said Roads have caused the same to be repaired, and there is now owing upon the Credit of the Tolls arising upon the said Roads a considerable Sum of Money, which cannot be paid off, and the Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are continued and enlarged with respect to the said Roads.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Bucks, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road from the Well End of the Town of Wendover to the End of a Lane called Lane, next

the great Road called The Oxford Road-, andadfo Half a Mile of Road next from the River Colne, towards Beconsfield, in the said County: And that The Earl Verney and Mr. Burke do prepare, and bring in, the fame*

A Petition

Marine

Force*.

Thorpe

Malfor

Inclosure.

Wendover,

&c.

Road.

>Weston

under

XVethelty

laciolure.

East India Company,

Supply.

17 Geo.'IIL

160- — 270 N

A Petition of the Right honourable Hugh ford, Baron of Chudleigh, and the humble Petition of the fevered other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Estates in the Open and Common Fields, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of under

Wetheley, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Estates of the Petitioners, and the several other Parties interested in the said Open and Common Fields, and other the Commonable Places aforesaid, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, which, from Experience, hath been found to be very inconvenient and detrimental; and it would be advantageous to the Petitioners, and all other Persons interested in the said Open and Common Fields, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, if the same were specifically divided, allotted, and inclosed, according to the respectiveRights of the several Parties interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that JMr. Elioes, Mr. Skipioith, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Mr. James presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend' so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs " of the Eafi Lidia Company, as well in India as in " Europe," as relates to the Day on which the Annual

Election of Directors of the said Company is to be made: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Refelutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred thousand Eight hundred and Five Pounds Two Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half-pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Sixty-five thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of W ar in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the I leads of Wear and Tear and Ordinal, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One million Five hundred thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and /discharging the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, " by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the " Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six;" and charged upon the iirft Aids to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second

\ OL. 3O.

59

Time, w ere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 270 die Novembris\

Anno 170 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1776.

Prayers.

A PETITION of several of the Inhabitants of Newington, such Part of the Parish of Saint Mary, Newington, in the County of Surrey, as lies between the End of Watclu Blackman Street and the Bridge at Walworth, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the public high Road between the Stones End, at Blackman Street and the Bridge at Walworth aforesaid; and like-wife the several Roads and W ays communicating the rewith, are much travelled upon in the Night-time,’ and Robberies and other Offences are frequently committed therein;. and that the Inhabitants are often injured in their Properties, by having their Houses and Out-houses broke into, all which, they apprehend, might be in a great Measure prevented, if the said Roads and Ways were properly lighted and watched:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Penton, Mr. &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Paul Johan Chris- Tax’s tian Tax and John Vallientine Gottlieb, was read the and Third Time. Gottlieb s

Resolved, That the Billdopafs: And that the Title a* be, An Act for naturalizing Paul Johan Tax

and John Vallientine Gottlieb.

Ordered, That Mr. Winchcombe Hartley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Crownthorpe Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Pa- *nc^ure* rish of Crownthorpe, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Crownthorpe, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Afiley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, for vesting in David Hartley, Hartley’s Esquire, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, Patent.

the sole Use and Property of a certain Method, b v him invented, of securing Buildings and Ships against the Calamities of Fire, throughout His Majesty’s Dominions, for a Time to be limited, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That (he Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for vesting in David Hartley, Esquire, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the l’ole L'Je and Property of a certain Method, by him invented, of securing Buildings and Ships against the Calamities

of

Kifrhfey,

See.

Roadi.

Crouch HU1

to

Ditchling

Road.

Farrard’s

Common,

See.

Road.

Hartman's

Nat.

Melaflc's

Nat.

Corfton

Ifldofure.

6o 270 Novemb. A. 1770.

of Fire, throughout His Majesty’s Dominions, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the Roads, from Kighley to Wakefield, and from Kighley to Halifax, and from Dudley through Beckwith

Shaw, to Killinghall, and from Beckwith Shaw to the South West Comer of Harrogate Inclosures, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the Roads from Kighley to Wakefield, and from Kighley to Halifax, and from Dudley Hill, through Beckwith Shaw, to Killinghall, and from Beckzoith Shaw to the South West Comer of llarrog Inclosures, in the West Riding of the County of

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill, to th6 Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Goring reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called Crouch Hill, in the Parish of Henfield, to the Turnpike Road leading from Brighthelmjtone to Cuckfield, and from the East Side of the said Turnpike Road to the Town of Ditchling, in the County of Sussex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: "Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Hett:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Terra and Powers of an Act, made in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing, widening, turning, and shortening, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Farrard's Common, in the Parish of Bradford, through Holt and Melksham, to Homan's Stile, in the Parish of Laycock, in the County of Wilts sand for completing a Communication between the said Road and the Turnpike Road upon Kingsdozen Hill, in the same County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing DorotheaMargretaHartman-,without

any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Gilles Prudent Melaffi; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of Charles Baldwyn, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Corfton, otherwise Corveton, in the Parish of Diddlebury, and County of Salop, on Behalf of himself and others, was presented to the House, and read;

18

Setting forth. That there is within the Manor or Towmship of Corfton, otherwise Corveton, in the said Parish of Diddlebury, and County of Salop, a Tract of Common Waste Land, containing 300 Acres, and upwards, called Corfton Wood, otherwise Corveton Wood or Common, whereon the Petitioner and the other Freeholders within the said Manor and Township have distinct Rights of Common; and that it would be beneficial to the Petitioner, and to all Parties interested therein, to have the said Common or Waste Land inclosed and divided, and specific Shares thereof allotted to each of them, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, dividing, land allotting the said Common or Waste Land, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Gilbert and Mr. Hill do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freemen of the City of Exeter, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That at the late Election for a Member to serve in Parliament for the said City, John Esquire, and John Baring, Esquire, were Candidates;

and that the said Mr. Baring was, at the Time of the said Election, and Hill is. Sheriff of the County of Devon; and the Petitioners are informed, that, as such, he was disqualified from being elected a Member to serve in Parliament; and that, at the Place of Election, and before the taking the Poll, the Returning Officer and the Electors had public Notice, that the said Mr. Baring, being Sheriff of Devon, M as incapable of being chosen to represent the said City in Parliament, and that all the Votes given for him would be thrown away; notwithstanding which, the Returning Officer persisted in proceeding to take the Poll, and the said Mr. Baring M as returned as duly elected; the Petitioners therefore think themselves aggrieved, and apprehend that the said Election and Return of the said Mr. Baring is an undue Election and Return; and hope that the said Mr. Cholzvich, the only Candidate capable of being elef ted, will be considered as having been duly elected, and will be permitted to fit in the House, as one of the Members for the said City, in the room of the said Mr. Baring; and that the Returning Officer admitted in Favour of Mr. Baring the Votes of several Persons who had no Right to vote, and rejected to the Prejudice of Mr. Cholwich the Votes of several Persons who had a Right to vote; and that the said Mr. Baring and his Agents, after Mr. Walter had vacated his feat in Parliament, and during the said Election, did give and lend, and promise to give and lend, divers Sums of Money and other Rewards^ and did also openly and publicly, and otherwise, give and allow Meat, Drink, Provision, and Entertainment, to many of the Electors of the said City, who had, or claimed, a Right to vote at the said Election, in order' to corrupt and procure them to vote for the said Mr. Baring, and to refrain giving their Votes for the said Mr. Cholwich; and the said Mr. Baring and his Agents were guilty of other notorious Acts of Bribery and Corruption, and divers flagrant Attempts to bribe and corrupt the Electors of the said City; and by Means thereof, and divers other illegal Practices, the said Mr. Baring procured a Majority of Votes, and caused liimfelfto be returned as a Member to serve in Parliament for the said City, notwithstanding the said Mr. Cholwich had a Majority of legal, undoubted, and uncorrupt Votes upon the Poll, and ought in Justice, for the Reasons aforesaid, to have been returned, although the said Mr. Baring had been eligible at the Time of

the

Exeter

Election,

\.y Geo. III. iy° Novembris-

the said Election: The Petitioners therefore, conceiving that, by the Proceedings aforesaid, their Rights and lYanchises have been highly injured and invaded, and the Freedom of Election grossly. violate'!, Pray, Tkat the House will be pleated to take the Preuyfej. into Consideration, and graut them such Relief thprgin as shall, upon Examination, appear Jutland realbna]>le, Ordered, That the said Pntition.be taken intoCoufi,-' deration upon Thu rfday the 6tbDayof/cj6r«a;y,next, at the same Time that the Petition of John

Cholwich, Eft juice, is ordered to be taken into Co nib

deration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the ioth and 11 th Years of His prel’ent Majesty’s Reign, to, regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve iii Parliament, the like Notices, as iii the former Cafes, were feut to the Parties, accomjianied with c rders for their Attendance, by themk ives, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition? were ordered.to lie taken iai.) Conlide.ration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker, do illuv- his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall lie thought necessary by the fever a! Parties, on. the Hearing of the Matter, of the said Petition.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the TTotife to reibh e itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider fmiher of the Supply grunted, to His Majesty; ’

Ordered, That t he Account of the Monies raised. at: the Receipt of the Exchequer, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the lallSelfioa of: Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His "* Majesty to raile the Sum of One Million, for the " Lies and Purposes therein.mentioned," and to whom the same were issued, bo referred to the said Committee.

Then the Iloufe resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles. Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitzoorthreported from the Committee;

That they had come to a Refutation; vv.lych they had directed him to report, when the Iloufe will pi case to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to lit again.

ReJ'vlved, That this House will, upon Monday. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ways Rejoiced, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

aDd Means. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Ehees have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Throe of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees hav e Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

' And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 36.

2° Decembris. 61

Dunce, 20die Decembris %

Anno 1.70 Georgii JIP" Regis, 1776,

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Browning

i and Mr. Anguijhi o ' t

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain’ Malt, See. Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for'ihed Service of the Year One thoustuid Seven hundred and*

Seven tv-feveu; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A6L* Army ‘ for punishing Vlutjny and Desertion, and for the bet-1 "jjT ter Payment of the Army and their Quarters; without Dekrtion. any Amendment: And also, '

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, 'An Act Marine for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces": Force*,

while on Shore: without any AmendmentAnd also,*'

The Lords have agreedtto the Bill, intituled, An Act Kighley, for continuing the Term, and altering and; enlarging _&c-the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty- ®*"*'

sixth Year of ttie Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second; for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the Roads from Kighley to Wake-field, and from Kighley to Halifax, and from Dudley Hill, through Beckwith Share, to KillinghdU, and from Bedncith Shaw to the South Well Corner of Harrogate inclosures, in the West-Riding of the County without any Amendment:. And-also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Crowmhorp# for dividing and inclosing the Commons, and Waste Inclosure* Grounds in the Manor and Parish of- in

the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And-also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Tax’* for naturalizing Paul Johan Chr Tax and John

Vallientine Gottlieb; without any Amendment. ^iat-

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Elroes reported from the Committee, to whom Warminster, the Bill for enlarging the Term, and altering the Powersj &c*

of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year *-oad». of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Se-'* cond, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned; as relates to the Road from the Town of:Warminster, ini the County of Wilts, to a Place where the Roads to Bath and Bristol divide, and from the Town of Frame

to the Town of Becking ton, in the county of ;

and for repairing the Road from the Red Lion, in the’

PaFilh of Woolverton, to Rode Bridge, an<\ from the said Bridge to the Turnpike Road leading from Trowbridge, by White Trough, to Beckington aforesaid, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made fevCral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report m lvis Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:, Where the Amendments weye t)nce rear! throughout; an cl then a Second Time, One liy One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House1.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amehdments, b£ ingrossed:

Mr. Elrees presented to the House according to Kw^ernn^t*# Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and to alter and 0 . * enlarge the Powers, of an Act of the Thirty-thin}

Year of his late Majesty, for amending/widening, ancj keeping in Repair several Roads leading from the Market House, in the Town of Kidderminster, in the

R * r County

62

2° Decembris. A. 1776.

Tabfor

ladoliire.

Rednal

Iadolim.

Lumber,

Io^lofux*.

County of Worcester; and to repeal so much of Two Acts of Parliament, of the Tenth of his late Majesty, and the Seventh of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from The Mitre Oak to a Farm House'called Goodness, in the Parish of Hartlebury; and aHo from Titton Brook to the Hamlet of Wribbenhall, in the said County; and to discontinue the Powers of.an Act of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, so far as relate to the Road from The Cross of the Hands near Goodness Farm, to a Place called The Spout, in or near the Parish of Hagley-, and for amending, widening, and keep-

ing in Repair, as well the Roads from Bewdley Bridge to Titton Brook aforesaid, and from the said Market House to The Mitre Oak aforesaid, and from the Mill Street, in the Town of- Kto Stourport Bridge, and from the said Bridge to the Turnpike Road leading from Kidderminster to , and from

Ware fly Green, to The Cross Roads on Hartlebury Common, near Mitton; and from The Hoo Brook to a Place called Broadwaters, in the said County; as also the several Roads comprised in the said first-mentioned Act; and for reducing the Provisions and Powers necessary for those Purposes into One Act of Parliament; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be comrriitted to Mr. Elwes, Mr. Whitioorth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of William Owen, Esquire, and of several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Estates within the Township of Rednal, in the Parish of West Felton, in the County of Salop, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Township, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present State, are incapable of any Improvement; and that it would be advantageous to the Petitioners, and the several other Persons interested in the said Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to them, according to their several and respective Rights of Common, and other Rights and interests therein, and if the Petitioners were enabled to make Exchanges of any of their Lands and Estates within the said Parish of West Felton'. And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Moors, Commons, of Waste Lands, and for enabling the Petitioners to make such Exchanges as aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Comptroller of the Household and Mr. Gilbert do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday the 27 th Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of allowing Lumber to be carried in British Ships, from the Baltic, directly to the West India Blands, for a limited Time.

A Petition of several of the Owners or Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Manor and Parish of Long Leadenham, in the County of Lincoln, several Open and Uninclosed Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, known by the Names of The North and South High Fields, The North and South Low Fields, and The Ox and Common Pastures, containing together, by Estima-tion. Three thousand Acres, or thereabouts, in which the Freeholders and Owners of Land within the said Manor and Parish have, for Time immemorial, used and enjoyed a Right of Common for their Cattle (with Stint) in, over, and upon, all the said Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, which they respectively are possessed of, and entitled to, in the said Manor and Parish, and that the said Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in their respective Situation, are capable of very little Improvement; but, if the same were inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, a considerable Benefit would thereby accrue to all the Parties interested therein, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes abovementioned, subject to such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brotonlow Bertie and Mr. Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Biir for enabling the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain to grant Commissions or Letters of Marque to the Commanders of private Ships and Vessels, to take and make Prize of all Ships or Vessels, and their Cargoes, belonging to or possessed by, any of the Inhabitants of the Colonies of New Hampshire, MBay, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pensylvania, The Three Lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, for a Time to be limited: And that the Lord North, Lord George Germain, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir George Hay, Mr. Jenkinson, and Sir Grey Cooper, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, as Proprietors of Houses and Lands within the Manor or Lordship of Kings Measurn, in the Parish of in

the County of Westmorland, or otherwise, are respectively entitled to Right of Common, or other Right, upon certain large Tracts or Parcels of Common and Waste Ground within the said Manor or Lordship of Kings Measurn-, and that, if the said Common and Waste Ground were divided and inclosed into specific Allotments, the Estates and interests of the Petitioners, and others interested therein, would be considerably interested thereby: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inciting the said Common and Waste Grounds, under such Rules, Regulations, and Provisoes, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that General Honywood and Mr. Fletcher do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ewer reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of Hamham Hill, near the u City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, through " the Towns of Bland ford Forum and Dorchester, to a certain lntrenchment on AJkerfwell Hill, in the County

Letter* of

Marque;

American

Colonies,

King’s

Measurn

inclosure-

Hambaon

Hill,

&c.

Road*

17 Geo. III.

2° Decembris.

3

hfington,

&c.

llr.dofure.

" County of Dorset," was referred; That the Committee

had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turn* pike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and" he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read.

Theu so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of llis present Majesty, for repairing fevera} Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Wilts, as relates to the Road from the Index Poll on the Side of Ilarn/iam Hill, to a House called

Farm House, in the same County, was all'o read: And,

Mr. Robert Lambert informed your Committee, That the Trustees for the Care of the said Roads have caused the same to be repaired; and that there is now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the first-mentioned Act, the Sum of 5,300; which cannot be paid off, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged.

And the Witness added. That it will be necessary to vary and alter some of the Provisions contained in the said Act.

Mr. Robert Willis confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Lambert.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Pill for enlarging the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of aii Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of Hamham Hill, near the City of New Sarum, in the County of through

the Towns of Blamlford Forum and to a

certain Intrenchment on AJkerJ in the County of Dorset; and from the Index Poll on the side of Ham-ham im aforesaid, to a House called Mafidr Baker's Farm House, in the said County of Wilts: And that Mr. Ewer and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring iu, the fame.

A Petition of the Reverend James Ibbetson, Doctor in Divinity, Prebendary of the Prebend of founded in the Cathedral Church of Lincoln, and the

Peculiar Jurisdiction of the same and its Members, ranoeU, Apethorpe, and Wood Newton, was presented to the House and read; Taking Notice of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Wsifte Grounds, in Na/sington, well, Apethorpe, and Wood Newton, within the Prebend or Peculiar of Na/sington, in the County of Northampton; and of the Order for Leave to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer thereof; And setting forth. That the Petitioner, as Prebendary of the Prebend of Naffington, is entitled to a very considerable Quantity of Glebe Land, and also to the Great Tythes of the said Four several Parishes of Najfmgton, and Wood Newton, and has many other complicated Interests therein, under the Description of Edifices, Rights, Members, Hamlets, Manors, Tenths, Annuities, Pensions, Rents, Reversions, Services, Commons, Fishings, and other Issues, Commodities, Profits, Emoluments, and Hereditaments; also Promotions, Benefices, Sic.; and that the Petitioner having so considerable an Interest in the said Four Parishes, has never given his Consent to such Inclosure, and apprehends that the same would materially affect the Rights and Property of himself and his Successors, and be very injurious thereto: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may Vol. 36.

not pass into a Law, and that he may be heard, by himself or his Counsel, agai'nft the feme.

A Petition of Boughey Skey, of in the Naffingtoo, County of Hertford, Esquire, w as also presented to the *®r House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said InCl<"ur#* Petition and Order; And setting forth. That the Petitioner is Lessee of all the Great Tythes and Glebe Lands within the Parishes of Najfm Yarwell, Apethorpe, and Wood Newton, together with all and Angular Edifices, Rights, Members, Hamlets, Manors,

Tenths, Annuities, Pensions, Rents, Reversions, Services, Commons, Fishings, and other Issues, Commodities, Profits, Emoluments, and Hereditaments, by virtue of al^ease to him-thereof granted by the Reverend James Ibbetson, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, from Old Michaelmas 1774; and that, though the Petitioner has so considerable an Interest in the said Four Parishes, no Notice whatsoever has been taken ' of him, nor has he been applied to for his Consent to such Inclosure, nor given his Consent thereto; and that the Petitioner apprehends such Inclosure would materially affect his Property, and be very injurious thereto: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that he may be heard, by himself or his Counsel, against the fame.

And the said Petitions were several Iv ordered to lie upon the Table, until a Bill be brought in pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Najfmgton, Yarwell, Apethorpe, and Wood

Newton, within the Prebend or Peculiar of NaJJington, in the county of .

The Earl Vemey presented to the House, according WciuWr* to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of *c* Three several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, in the County of efo far as the said Acts relate to the Road from the West End of the Town of Wendover to the End of a Lane called Oak Lane, next the Great Road called The Oxford Road} and also Half a. Mile of Road next from the River Colne towards Becon$field, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

' Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Penton reported from the Committee, to whom islington the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor. Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary, Ifington, in the '

County of Middlesex, and for building a Workhotife

for the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to re-, port to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: where the Report was read.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Royal Assent neux. Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod.

Mr. Speaker, mu

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended His Majesty, in the House of Peers; where His Majesty

} , V'. ’

6i|>

Majesty was pleased to give, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following; viz.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty,

' certain Duties upon Malt, Mum; Cyder, arid Perry,

for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sevenfy-seven:

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters:

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore:

An Act to enlarge the Teriu arid Powers of an Act, made in the Second Year' of 11 is present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing, widening, turning, and ‘ftiorten-ing, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on 1harvard's Common, in the Pari ill of Bradford, through Holt and MeHsham, to Homan's Stile, in the Parish of Laycock, in the County of and for completing

a Communication between the said Road attd the Bath Turnpike Road, upon Hill, in the fame

County:

i An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the Roads fl-om

leyto Wafa-field, and from' Kighley to Halifax, and from Dudley Hill, through Shaw, to Killing-

hull, and from Beckwith Shaw to the South Weil Corner of Harrogate Inclosures, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Comrnbnsand Waste Grounds in the Manor and Parish of i thorpe, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for naturalizing Andreas Gottlieb:

An Act for naturalizing Gilles Prudent Melajfe An Act for naturalizing Dorothea Mai'gYetd Hartman:

An Act for naturalizing Paul Johan Christiun Tax and John Vallientine Gottlieb. t

Islington Then the Amendments, made' by the Committee, to Poor. the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary, Ijlingt&h, in the County o ( Middlesex, and for building a Workhouse for the said Pai ilh, being federally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Shapwick A Petition of several Persons" interested irt A certain Inclosure. Common, or Waste Ground, called Shapwick Moor, or Shapwick Turf Moor, and other Waste Grounds, iii the Parish of Shapwick, in the County of Sonierfet, was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Common, or Waste Ground, called Shapwick Moor, or Shapwick Turf Moor, and the said other Waste Grounds, are of very little Value to the Petitioners and others interested therein, in proportion to what they might be made, if inclosed and divided into specific Allotments: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as shall be thought proper and necelfliry.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Winchcombe Hartley, Mr. Phelips, and Mr. Core,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Crouch Hill An ingrafted Bill for repairing and widening the Ditchline R°ad from a Place called Crouch Hill, in the Parish of Road! Hen field, to the Turnpike Road leading from

helmjlone to Cuckfield, and from the Ealt Side of the said Turnpike Road to the Town of Ditchling, in the County of Sussex, was read the Third Time.

*7

177

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called Crouch Hill, in the Parish of Hen field, to the Turnpike Road leading from to

Cuckfield, and from the East Side of the said Turnpike Road to the Town of Ditchling, in the County of Suffer.

Ordered, That Mr. Winchcombe Hartley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delirc their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Earl of Radnor, Lord of the Duntllbome Manors of DuntijborneAbbotts and Leare, Abbotts

iii the Parish of Duntijborne- Abbotts, in the County of Inclosure. Gloucester, and the humble Petition‘of the Reverend Joseph Chapman, Proprietor of the Advowson and Rectory of Duntijborne Abbotts aforesaid, and of several other Persons whole Name are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Common Fields,

Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided, and specific Allotments thereof made to the several Persons interestedtherein, or entitled thereto, according to their respective Rights, Shares, and Interests, the said Lands and Grounds w'ould be greatly improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and l’ubjeft to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, urfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that lr. Bouverie, Sir William Guije, and Mr. Chester, do prepare, and bring ill, the fame.

A Petition of the Earl of Radnor, Lord of the Market

Manors’ of Lavington Dauntfey and Laving ton Rector, Lavington

within the Parish of Market Lavington, in the County Illclolurc* of Wiltssand the humble Petition of John Wadrnan,

Esquire, Lefl’ee of the Rectory of Market Lavington aforesaid, under the Warden and Scholars of Clrrijl Church College, Oxfords and of several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places> belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided, and specific Allotments thereof made to the several Persons interested therein, or entitled thereto, according to their respective Rights, Shares, and Interests, the said Lands and Grounds would be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may bb given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bouverie, Mr. Penruddoeke, and Mr. Goddard, do

prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The House being informed that Mr. from African

the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading Company, to Africa, attended at the Door; lie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1775, Hie Account of " the Committee of the Company of Merchants " trading to Africa; distinguishing every Article of " Expence under its proper Title."

Aud then he withdrew.

And

a° Decembris.

17 Geo. III. a* Decemb

And the Title of the said Paper was read. . the Amount of the Sum of £.10,306. i8f. Zd.------

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, And, to be perused by the Members of the House. Mr. Charles , the Clerk of the Works under The said Paper is preserved amongst the other the Act, being examined, said, That he knows the Papers of this Session. Barrs where the Tolls are collected upon the River,

between Staines and London Bridge-. That the Tolls Supply. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported are not ascertained, or fixed, by any Law; but are dif-

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it cretionally imposed by the Owners of the Soil: That was referred to consider further of the Supply granted there is one Towing Path, which was formerly let at to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee £.8 a Year, and at which a Toll is now imposed ot had directed him to report to the House; which he Three Pence a Horse, which brings in more than . read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the £.100 a Year: That the Works already performed Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as have greatly improved the Navigation, and made the folio wet h; viz. Passage for Craft much more expeditious; and in con-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, sequence thereof, there is a great Saving of Expence in That the Sum of One Million lie granted to His Ma- navigating Vessels upon the River. And being further jesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer examined, he said. That he apprehends, if the present Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Tolls and Duties were extinguished, and a small Toll Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling granted in lieu thereof, for the Passage of Barges and " His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for other Vessels upon the River Thames, within the Liber*

" the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned," and ties of the City of Westward of

charged upon the First Aids to be granted in this Sef- according to the Tonnage thereof, the City of London fion of Parliament. would more effectually be enabled to complete the

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, Navigation; and it will be a Means thereby to lower was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Price of the Carriage of Goods and Effects upon the House. the River: That the Tolls now taken in the Third Difi

trift, between Bolter’s Lock and Maple Derham only,

Thames Ordered, That Mr. Winchcombe Hartley do make amounts to Eleven Pence per Ton (exclusive of the Navigation, the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition ancient Tolls and Dues now payable to the several of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the Millers, Lockholders, and others, amounting nearly to City of London, in Common Council assembled, was about Six Pence per Ton more, making together referred. about One Shilling and Five Pence per Ton); and that

Mr. Winchcombe Hartley accordingly reported from he apprehends, that a Toll of Four Pence per Ton for the said Committee, That the Committee had examin- the Passage of Boats, and other Vessels, between ed, and found that the Petitioners (having applied for Staines and London Bridge, will raise a sufficient Fund no further Powers than what they were inverted with by for the Purposes of completing the Navigation within virtue of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of His those Liberties, and purchasing the present Tolls and present Majesty’s Reign, for improving the Navigation Duties, and supporting the Works in future; and that of the River J'hames, Westward of London Bridge, he thinks such Tolls will produce an Income of about within the Liberties of the City of London, except as £. 1,800 a Year.

to the Mode of levying the Tolls and Duties necessary Mr. Richard Whitworth confirmed the above Evi-for completing the Purposes of the said Act) have com- dence of Mr. Truss.

plied with the Standing Orders of the House, of the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for 25th of April 17 74, relative to Navigation Bills, so far enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the

as the same direct an Estimate to be annexed to the City of London, to purchase the present Tolls and Du*

Petition; and that the Committee had examined the ties payable for navigating upon the River Thames,

Matter of the said Petition; which they had directed Westward of London Bridge, within the Liberties of to be reported to the House; and he read the Report the City of London-, and for laying a finall-Toll, in in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the lieu thereof, for the Purpose of more effectually com-Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as pleting the said Navigation: And that Mr. Winch-followeth; viz. combe Hartley, Mr. Alderman Oliver, Mr. Alderman

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Sawbridge, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Alderman said Act was read: And, Bull, Sir Walter Rawlinjim, Mr. Aklerman Hayley„

Mr. Robert Whitworth, a Surveyor, being examin* Mr. Alderman Wilkes, and Mr. Recorder of London, ed, said. That the Petitioners have proceeded to put do prepare, and bring in, the fame, the Act in Execution; and that, before the Act was

begun to be put in Execution, the Towing Paths and The other Orders of the Day being read;

Bed of the River were in a great many Places veiy Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday the Supply;

dangerous and bad; and that the same have been 22d Day of January next, resolve itself into aCorn-

great ly improved by the Works done upon them: mittee of the whole House, to consider further of the

That about 970 Loads of Timber have been used in Supply granted to His Majesty.

the Works; and about 49,600 Tons of Ballast have Resolved, That this House will, upon the

been taken up in deepening the Bed of the River: 22d Day of January next, resolve itself into a Com-

That there are many other Works necessary to be done mittee of the whole House, to consider further of wd Means.

to make the Navigation more complete, which are Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to

{>articularly set forth in the Estimate annexed to the His Majesty.

*etition: That the Expence of completing the Works will be about £. 7,950; and that there will he a considerable Expence incurred in supporting and keeping the Works in Repair after they are completed; and that the present 1 oils and Duties, which are arbitrary, are collected with Inconvenience to Persons navigating

the said River, and to the Public.---- Then,

Mr. Edward Box ley, of the Town Clerk’s Office, roduced to your Committee, an Account of the ionics expended in pursuance of the said Act, to Vox.. 36.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Sevennight, the 12th Day of this Instant December, Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

5

Weibninltr

Writ.

Westow

Col vile inclosure.

Iflingtbn

Poor.

Uckfield,

ice.

Road.

66 ia° DecembA. 1176.

Jovis, 120 die;

Anno 170 Georgii III*" Regis, 1776.

Pr AYERS.

r\RD E RE D, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War-

rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of in the

mom of the Right honourable Hugh commonly

called Earl Percy, now Baron de Percy, called up to the House of Peers.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor, Rector, and other the Owners of Lands, Grounds, and Tythes, in the Open and Common Fields of Cclvile, in the County of Cambridge, on Behalf of themselves, and other Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, Grounds, and Tythes, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Open and Common Fields and Commonable Lands contain 1970 Acres, or thereabouts, but that the said Lands are very inconveniently situated with respect to the Farm Houses of the Occupiers thereof; and the Properties of the said Owners and Proprietors in the said Fields are so dispersed in small Pieces and Parcels, that, in their present Situation, they are incapable of much Improvement; bhtdhat it would tend much to the better Cultivation of the said Lands and Grounds, and to the Interest of all the said Owners and Proprietors, if the said Fields were divided, and specificShares and Allotments thereof made to the said several Owners and Proprietors, in lieu of their respective Rights and Interest therein; and that such Divisions, Allotments, and Inclosure, would be for the mutual Advantage of all Persons Having a Right to Lands, Tythes, Commons, and Comr mon of Pasture, and other Interelis, in the said Fields: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commonable I^ands, and Waste Ground, within the Manor of WeJlonColvile, in the County of Cambridge; and for exonerating, as well the said Open Fields, as the Old Inclosures lying within the said Manor and Parish, from the Payment of Tythes, Modules, or Compositions for Tythes, and for ascertaining and settling an Equivalent to the Rector and other Owners and Proprietors of Tythes within the said Parish in lieu thereof, or otherwise to grant, unto the Petitioners such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Bunbury, Sir John Hynde Cotton, and Sir Sampson Gideon, do prepare, ancTbring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex, and for building a "Work-house for the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex, and for building a Workhouse for the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Penton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Thomas Spencer Wilson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Union Point, near

the Town of Uckfield, in the County of Sussex, to Langney Bridge, in the Parish of in the said

County, and for more effectually repairing the said Road; and also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from The Side Gate, on the Horse-bridge Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Hellingly, to the Turnpike Road leading from to

Burwash, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Willem Vlught, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that. Mr. Elwes and Mr. Winchcombe Hartley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to continue the Term, and to alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act of the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House, in the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester; and to repeal so much of Two Acts of Parliament of the Tenth of his late Majesty, and the Seventh of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from The Mitre Oak to a Farm House called Goodness, in the Parish of Hartlebury; and also from Titton Brook to the Hamlet of Wribbenhall, in the said County; and to discontinue the Powers of an Act of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, so far as relate to the Road from The Cross of the Hands near Farm,

to a Place called The Spout, in or near the Parish of Hagley; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, as well the Roads from Bewdley Bridge to Titton Brook aforesaid, and from the said Market House to The Mitre Oak aforesaid, and from the Street, in the Town of Kidderminster, to Bridge,

and from the said Bridge to the Turnpike Road leading from Kidderminster to Bromsgrove, and from Warejley Green to The Cross Roads on Hartlebury Common, near Mitton; and from The Hoo Brook to a Place called Broadzvaters, in the said County; as also the several Roads comprised in the said first-mentioned Act; and for reducing the Provisions and Powers necessary for those Purposes into One Act of Parliament, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elwes, Mr. Foley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham-‘ ber.

A Petition of several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, and otherwise interested in the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Holcot, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, and others, in the said Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Lands, and Grounds, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it will be very advantageous to the several Persons entitled thereto, if the said Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Lands, and Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors thereof, in lieu of, and in proportion to, their several Rights and Interelis therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and mcloiing, the said Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Lands, and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered.

Vlught’*

Nat.

Kidderminster

Roads.

Holcot

Inclosure.

Rednal

Inclosure,

Wendover,

&c-

Road*

York

Buudings

Company-

17 Geo. III. 120 Decembris. 6f

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, chafed of the Commissioners and Trustees appointed pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that by the said Act, several forfeited Estates in Colonel Egerton, Mr. Pmoys, and Mr. Knighfley, do and also divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments,

prepare, and bring in, the fame. in Northumberland, of the Yearly Value of £. 2,684,

which became forfeited to the Crown by the Attainder Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to of Lord Widdrington, and for all which the said Go-Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Moors, vernor and Company agreed to pay £.308,093. 14J. yd.; Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Township and, that, by another Act, made in the Sixth Year of of Rednal, in the Parish of West Felton, in the County King George the First, the said Governor and Com-of Salop: And the same was received;, and read the Pany were empowered to fell or incumber the said First Time. . , Estates fopurchased, or to be purchased, with any Debts

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.:; or Incumbrances in Law or Equity,.as any others might

do who had Estates in Fee Simple, and also had Power A Bill for enlarging the Term and, Powers of Three given to them to grant Rent Charges to the Yearly several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads Value of such Estates, and no further, and, to enable therein mentioned, in the County of Bucks, so far us the Company, to pay, for the Use of the Public, the Price the said Acts relate to the Road from the West End of or Corisideration for the Purchase of the said Estates the Town of Wenduver, to the End of a Lane called they were empowered to raise such Sum as should Oak Lane, next the great Road called The Oxford Road,; be necessary for that Purpose, by calling in, or direct* and also Haifa Mile of Road next from the River Colne, ing the same to be paid by their respective Member's, towards Beconsfield, in the said County, was read a according to their respective Interests in the Stock of

Second Time. the said Governor and Company; and that, by a

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Eari Clause in an Act of the Seventh of George the First, Verney, Mr. Burke, &c.: And they are to meet this it was enacted, that for the better enabling the Coro-Afterrioon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s pany to raise and pay the Government the Price Or Chamber. ' , Considerption for the Purchase of’.the said Estates, the said Company might grant and fell Rent Charges and A Petition of John Waljh, George Aufrere, Francis. Annuities to the full. Extent of such Estates so pur-Lopes SuaJJo, Thomas Neale, Francis Barloxo, James chafed, by Way of Lottery; and that any Persons1, Matthias, and Bibye Lake, Esquires, and the Reverend Bodies Politic or Corporate, in that Method, might Philip Duval, on Behalf of themselves, and of all other purchase such Annuities of the said Governor and the Creditors of the Governor and Company of Un- Company; and that, pursuant to the said several Acts, dertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Build- the said Governor and Company granted /everal Act-ings, under and by virtue of a certain Deed of Trust, nuities, for the Lives of the respective Annuitants in bearing Date the 18th Day of January 1731, under the several Grants named, or their Nominees, to the the Seal of the said Company, was presented to the Amount of £. 12,000 per Annum; and, for securing House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act of the Payment thereof, issued Bonds to the Annuitants, Parliament, passed in the Second and Third Y.ears of with a Clause of Entry and Distress on the said Corn-King William and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act pany’s Lands on Failure of Payment of the said Anfor incorporating the Proprietors of the Water /luities; and that, by Indenture, bearing Date the " Works in York Buildings, and for encoiiraging their 26th Day of August 1725, between thje Governor and " carrying on and settling the said Water Works," the Company of the one Part, and divers Persons therein said Gfovernor and Company were incorporated, and named, on Behalf of themselves and the other Pro-enabled to purchase, enjoy, and alien. Lands and prietors of Annuities or Rent Charges payable by the Hereditaments, Goods and Chattels, to them and their said Company, who should become Parties to the said Successors, and give, grant, demise, alien, and dispose Indenture, the said Governor and Company covenanted of, their Lands,* Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, with the Proprietors, that they would, within Twelve and Chattels; and to do and execute all other Things, Months, procure, from the Commissioners and Trustees by their Name of Incorporation, that to them should of the forfeited Estates, One or more Conveyances of appertain, and to use a common Seal to serve for all all the Honours, Manors, and Lands, in Scotland; and their Business; and the said Act appointed a Gover- that immediately after they would execute such Connor and Six of the said Company, to be called Assist- veyances to such Persons as should be appointed by ants, to have the Direction of all the Affairs of the said the said Proprietors, or a Majority of them, of all Company; and that, at a General Court of the said their Manors and Lands in to be limited to

Company, held the 27th of October 1719,several Orders such Trustees and the Heirs of the Survivor, in Trust, and Bye Laws were made, for the better regulating and for the Use of the Company, until Default be their Affairs and improving their Undertakings, and made in Payment of any Annuity or Rent Charge be-for purchasing forfeited Estates in Great Britain; and longing to the said Parties, or who should thenafter it was among other Things ordered, that the Company become Parties, and whose Annuities or Rent Charges would open a Subscription at Mercer's Hall, London, had been granted by the said Company; and, after any for raising a Stock of £. 1,200,000 for the purchasing Default in Payment of the said Annuities, then to forfeited and other ElUites in Great Britain, to be a the Use of such Persons who were, or should be, en Fund for granting Annuities for Lives, and for alluring titled to such Annuities, till the lame, and all Arrears Lives, for the Benefit of all the Subscribers to the said with Colls, should be folly paid and satisfied; and after Joint Stock, which was immediately put in Execu- such Payment made, then to the Use of the said Conation, and several Persons subscribed to the Amount of pany and their Assigns for ever; and it was among f. 1,200,000, and paid in £.10 per Cent, of the Sum other Things agreed, that the said Company might subscribed; and the said Resolution for raising the said at any Time purchase in any of the Annuities or . Joint Stock of £. 1,200,000 was ordered to be carried Rent Charges, provided that when any Annuity de-into Execution, by purchasing Estates, forfeited and termined by the Death of the Person for whose Life otherwise, in Great Britain; and that the said Go- the same was payable, that then, on Notice to the vernor and Company, under the Authority of an Act Person or Persons so to be appointed Trustee or Trustees, of Parliament, made in the Fourth Year of King the said Company might sell and dispose of such Part of George the First, intituled, "An Act for vesting the the said Estates as they should think fit, leaving so " forfeited Estates in Great Britain and Ireland, in much unfold as should remain of the clear Yearly Value Trustees, to be sold, for the Use of the Public," p ur of £. 125 for every Annuity of £. 100 per , and Vol. 36. in

0

York

Buildings

Company.

- , 1 *

68 Decembrk. 177

in proportion for a greater or left Sum; and that, by a Deed dated the 13th o f Octobe 1727, the said Company did convey to certain Persons therein named, fruftees for the said Annuitants, their several Manors and Estates in Scotland, and all the Company’s Rights thereto, provided that the said Annuitants or Trullees Should not enter into Possession thereof, or sue for the fame, unless on Default of Payment of the said Annuities; and if they should attain to the Possession of the said Lands on such Default, then the said Trullees, upon Payment of the said Annuities or Arrears, and of the Expences about the fame, should quit Possession of the said Lands; and it was agreed, that the said Company might purchase in any of the said Annuities, and fell such Part of the said Lands as they should think fit, and receive the Money to their own Use, they always leaving so much of the said Lands unfold, free from all Incumbrances, as amounted to £. 125 per Annum, according to the usual Rents of every Annuity of too per Annum, and so in proportion; and that, the overaor and Company neglecting to pay the said Annuities, the Trustees for the Annuitants in 1728 entered into Possession of all the Manors and Estates in Scotland, and some Factors or Agents for them now are in the Possession and Receipt of the Rents of the said Estates; and that, at a General Court of the said Company, held the 21st of September 1724, it was resolved, -that each Proprietor of Stock should transfer Half his Stock to the Company, in lieu whereof they agreed to

five the Proprietors Bonds, payable Seven Years after late, at £. 4 per Cent, valuing the Stock at £. 13 per Cent, exclusive of the Two Dividends then lately had thereon; and at another Court held the 2 ill of October 1724, confirming the fame, the Proprietors transferred Half their Stock to Two of the Company’s Servants, in Trust for the said Governor and Company; and thereupon the Governor and Company issued out Bonds, or Receipts, entitling the Holders to such Bonds, amounting to £.71,206. 6d.; and that the

several Creditors, who were possessed of the said Bonds so issued in 1724, being in 1731 very pressing and desirous to be paid the Interest then due on such Bonds, which was in Arrear for several Years, and the Principal on such Bonds being nearly due and payable, the Company, in October 1731, agreed to open aSub-feription for railing £.100,000 for discharging the Company’s Bonds: the Principal and Interest whereof then amounted to £.80,000; and that accordingly, by Indentures of Lease and Release, dated the 17th and 18th Days of January 1731, and made between the Governor and Company of the one Part, and Sir William Billers, John Lawton and Nicholas Paxton, Ef-

2uires, of the other Part, they the said Governor and lompany did bargain, fell, release, and confirm, to the said Sir William Billers and the other Trullees, their Heirs and Assigns, the several Honours, Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, lying in Scotland, therein set forth, which were purchased of the Commissioners and Trullees of the forfeited Estates by the Company; and also all the several Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, lying in Northumberland, late the Estate of the late Lord Widdrington, also purchased by the said Company; and all other the Estates of the said Company in Great Britain, purchased of the said Commissioners and Trullees; subject nevertheless, as to the said Estates in Scotland, at all Times, to the Payment of the Annuities granted by the said Company, and wherewith the said Company’s Estates in Scotland were then chargeable; to hold the said Honours, Manors, Lands, and Premises, as well in England as Scotland, subject as aforesaid to the said Sir William Billers and the other Trullees, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, upon Trust, that they, or the Survivor of them, or the Heirs of such Survivor, should, out of the Rents of the said Premises, or by Sale or Mortgage thereof, Or of any Part thereof, or otherwise, raise i'uch Sums

*7

as should in the first Place be sufficient to pav. Half-yearly, the Interest of all and every the Bonds to be given under the Seal of the Company, to the several Subscribers to the Proposals annexed to the said Indenture, till the Principal Money due on such Bonds should become due and payable; and in Default of Payment of the said Principal, when due and payable by the Company, that then the said Trullees and their Heirs might, by Sale of the said Estates, or any Part thereof, or of the Reversion thereof, subject to the Demands of the said Annuitants, raise Money, and pay off the Principal and Interest due on the said Bonds till paid; and after Payment of the said Principal and Interest, and all Costs, Damages, and Expences whatsoever, which the said Trullees, or the said Subscribers, or any of them, might necessarily be put to on account of the said Trust; then, as to all such Parts of the said Honours, Manors, Lands, and Premises, as should remain unfold, in Trust for the said Company, and their Successors for ever; and the said Company did covenant with the said Trullees to pay all Interest at £.5 per Centum per Annum due, or to become due, on the said Company’s long Bonds, or Receipts, called Slips given for the fame, on the 25th of March 1732; and that immediately, or as soon after the said 25th of March as could be, they would issue out, in lieu of the said long Bonds or Slips, new Bonds to the said several Subscribers, which should carry Interest at £. 5 perCent. to be paid Half-yearly, till the 25th of March 1735; at which Time the said Principal and Interest due on the said Bonds should be paid off by the Company, provided that nothing should prejudice the said Annuitants, nor any Claim they hacl on any of the said Estates appropriated for Payment thereof; and it was agreed that the Company might, during the said Trull, after the said £.100,000 should be subscribed, have Power to issue out other Bonds or Securities, for raising such Sums for the Company’s Use, proper for carrying on their Affairs, so as such Bonds or Securities then after to be issued should not at any one Time during the Trust exceed £. 20,000; which said Bonds or Securities, so to be issued out, should not in any wise affect the said Honours, Manors, Lands, and Premises, made over as a Security for Payment of the said Subscription of £.100,000, and Interest, or any Part thereof; and that, at a General Court of the said Company, held the 1 oth of March 17 31, it was agreed, that all the Arrears of Interest due on such old Bonds or Slips should be added to the Principal due on such Bonds, and that new Bonds should issue for the whole Principal and Interest; and it was then declared, that £.70,000 had been already subscribed, and the Interest of the said Bonds then amounted to £. 14,000, which would reduce the Surplus wanted to complete the said Subscription to £. 16,000, which might be left for such Proprietors of Bonds as should exchange their old Bonds for new Bonds on the Foot of the said Subscription; and at a General Court, held the 24th of March 1731, it was resolved, that the said Subscription should then be closed, but, notwithstanding, that the Proprietors of Bonds and Slips should be at Liberty to exchange them for new Bonds, on the Foot of the said Subscription, and on the same Terms and Conditions; and it was also resolved, that the Governor and Court of Assistants should make new Bonds for what should be unsubscribed, and should exchange them for such old Bonds or Slips as were unsubscribed, when offered, and should raise Money on the Remainder in the bell Manner they could, not exceeding in all £. 100,000, according to the Power given by the said Deed of Trust; and that, in pursuance of the said last mentioned Resolutions, several of the Proprietors of the said old Bonds and Slips did exchange and deliver up the same to the said Company, and accepted of new Bonds for the fame, in lieu thereof, dated the 25th Day of March 1732, whereby the Company

obliged

17 GeO. III. i2° Decembrist 6y

obliged themselves and their Successors to pay to Ro were possessed of any such Bonds or Slips by any of the bert Reed, one of the said Company 's Servants, his Three Rights before mentioned, were to be at Liberty Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, by Indorseinent to come before the said Mailer to prove the Sums J thereon, the Principal Sums of such new Bonds, on the thereby due to them respectively, according to the 25th of March 1735; and in the mean Time to pay Directions before given; and the said Mailer was to him or them Interest for the fame, at £. 5 per Cent, take an Account thereof, and of the Interest for the Half-yearly, the first Payment to be made on the 29th fame, according to the Rate before mentioned, an4 Day of September next after the Date of the said Bonds, to that end to cause an Advertisement to be inserted for Payment whereof the said Company bound them- in The and such of the said Creditors as

selves, and their Successors, in a double penal Sum; should not come in within the Time to be therein li-and, as a further Security, the said Governor and Commited, were tq be precluded the Benefit of the Decree; pany, upon the 25th Day of October 1732, executed a and in order to a Satisfaction of wlirtt should be found Bond and Disposition of their Eftat.es in Scotland, to due on the several Accounts before directed, it was or the said Sir William Billers, John Lawton, and Nicholas dered, that so much of the said Trust Estates lying in Paxton, in Trust, for securing £. 100,000; upon which Scotland, as should be over and above the Provisions Trust Deed, Seisin, or Enfeoffment, was taken, as the made for the Annuitants by Deed of Trust of the Forms of the Law of Scotland direct; and several 26th Day of August 1725, or a sufficient Part thereof# other Persons subscribed several Sums to and for the should be fold, either entire or in Parcels, w’ith the Use of the said Company, pursuant to the Terms of Approbation of the Master, to the best Purchaser or the said Deed of Trust and Subscription, and had the Purchasers that could be got for the fame, subject to like Bonds delivered to them as a Security for the the Demands of the Crown for what remained due for Sum by them subscribed and lent; by which Means, the Purchase Money of the forfeited Estates purchased Bonds to the Amount of £. 100,000 issued out under by the Company, and the Interest thereof, if the same Seal of the said Company, which Bonds afterwards carried Interest; and in making the said Sale or Sales, became negotiable; and that, subsequent to the said the said Master was to take Care that so much of the 25th Day of March 1732, divers calls were made on Estates in Scotland should be left unfold, as should Proprietors of Stock belonging to the Company, and, amount to £. 125 per Annum, at the usual and accus-in Consideration of the Sums paid in Consequence tomed Rents, for every Annuity of£. 100 of such Calls, the said Company issued Bonds to the as should be then subsisting, and in like Proportion for several Persons who answered such Calls, to a very a greater or less Annuity than £. 100 per Annum, ac-considerable Amount: and that, no Part of the Prin- cording to the said Deed of the 26th of August 1725? cipal Money or Interest, due on the Bonds so issued and the Money arising by such Sale or Sales was to be by the said Company as aforesaid, having been paid, applied in Satisfaction of any Arrears that remained divers Persons, Creditors of the said Company, on due to the Annuitants, over and above what had been Behalf of themselves, and of all other the Creditors paid to them by the Company, or any other in Trust of the said Company, exhibited a Bill in the High for them; and the Residue of the said Purchase Money Court of Chancery, against the said Governor and was to be applied according to the Directions before Company, the Trustees for the said Annuitants, and mentioned, and according to the Preference given by also the Trustees for the Creditors under the Deed of the said Deed of the 18th of 1731, to the difo

Trust of the 18th of January 1731, for Payment of ferent Species of Bond Creditors thereby provided for; their Principal Money and Interest due from the said and it was further ordered and decreed, that the Estate Company; and, the Defendants having severally put formerly belonging to the late Lord Widdrington in their Answers to the said Bill, the said Cause coming should be fold, subject also to the Demand of the on to be heard before the then Lord Chancellor, his Crown for what remained due for the Purchase Money Lordship, on the 24th Day of October 1740, pro- of the forfeited Estates purchased by the said Company# nounced his Decree, and declared, that the Creditors and the Interest thereof, if the same carried Interest; of the York Buildings Company, by Bonds, or Slips and that the Money arising by the Sale of the said for Bonds, comprised within the Trust Deed of the Estates should be applied in Satisfaction of what should 18th o f January 1731, were entitled to the Benefit of be found due to the Creditors on the Account afore-

the Trulis thereby created; and such of the Creditors said, in like Manner as the Money arising from the Sale as were Purchasers of such Bonds, or Slips for Bonds, of the Estates in Scotland is before directed to be ap-at a Discount, having offered, by their Counsel at the plied, subject as therein is mentioned: and that, on the Bar, to accept the Consideration Money or Price paid 21 ft of March 1745, the Master made his Report in by them for the Purchase of any such Bonds or Slips, pursuance of the said Decree, and thereby certified with Interest for the fame, his Lordship decreed, that what was due to the Petitioners, ortjie several Persons it should be referred to Mr. Burroughs, a Master of the under whom they claim, and all other the Creditors of Court, to inquire which of the Creditors were original the said Company, under the Deed of Trust of the 18th Proprietors of Bonds, or Slips for Bonds, comprised of January 1731, according to the Directions of the within the said Deed of Trust of the 10 th of January said Decree, and which, with the Interest computed 1731, or Executors or Administrators of such original thereon to the 25th of March 1745, amounted in the Proprietors; and to take an Account of what was due AVhole to the Sum o££. 86,411. 135. 1 id.; and that all to them for Principal and Interest on such Bonds or and every the Demands of the Crown on the Governor Slips; and also to inquire which of the Creditors were and Company, in respect of the Purchase Money of Purchasers of such Bonds, or Slips for Bonds, at a the said forfeited Estates, have been paid and satisfied; Discount, or Representatives of any such Purchasers, and that in pursuance of the said Decree, and under and to take an Account of the Consideration Money or and by virtue of several subsequent Orders of the said Price paid for the Purchase of such Bonds, or Slips Court of Chancery, the Estates of the said Company for Bonds, and Interest for the fame, at such Rate of in the County of Northumberland, which became for- Interest as such Bonds or Slips should respectively feited to the Crown by the Attainder of Lord Wid-carry; and also to inquire who were Creditors of the drington, have been fold, and the Petitioners, or those Company for Money lent or advanced on the Pledge under whom they claim, and all other the Creditors of or Deposit of any such Bonds or Slips, and also to the said York Buildings Company under the Deed of take ani Account of what was really and bond side lent Trust of the 18th of January 1731, received a propor-or advanced on such Pledge or Deposit, at such Rate tionable Dividend of the Money arising frota the Sale;

4>f Interest as such Bonds or Slips should carry respect and that the Governor and Company being indebted to tively, and all the Creditors of the Company, who William Lock, of Cavendish Square, Esquire, as Assignee Vol. 36. T atf

York

Buildings

Company*

i a0 Decembris. A. 1776.

of Sir John Meres, of Kirby Villers, in the County of Leicester, in the Principal Sum of 10,433. 11 s- 2 or in some other considerable Sum of Money, with a large Arrear of Interest, for Money borrowed by the salt! Company; and being indebted to the late Duke of Norfolk and his Partners, for certain Tack Duties and Yearly Rents incurred under an Agreement made and entered into by the said Company, with the said Duke and his Partners, to the Amount of 148,095.

1 6s. id. including Interest; which Debts on the said

Company, by several Decreets of the Court of Session in Scotland, were declared to be preferable Charges on

the said Company’s Estates, to the Claims of the Creditors under the said Trust Deed of the 18th of January 1731; an Act of Parliament was obtained, in the Firli Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, directing the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland, without waiting the Conclusion of the ranking of all or any of the said Governor and Company’s Creditors, to proceed to a Sale of certain Parts of the said Company’s Estates, in the said Act of Parliament comprised, by Public Roup or Auction; and the Money arising by such Sale is thereby directed to be applied in Payment of the Debts of the said William Lock, and the said Duke of Norfolk and his Partners, without waiting the ranking or claffing of the other Creditors, or the final Difcufiion of the Claims then made, or to be made, on the said Estates of the Governor and Company in Scotland, thereby directed to be sold; and that, in pursuance of the said last mentioned Act, the Estates therein comprised have been fold, and the Demands of the said William Lock, and the said Duke of Norfolk and his Partners, have been satisfied and paid; and after Payment thereof, there remained of the Money arising ffom the said'Sale the Sum of 13,583. 5 6d. which

has been since paid to the Creditors under the said Deed of Trust of the 18th of January 1731, in proportion to theirfeveral Debts, such Creditors having been adjudged, as well by the said Decree of the Court of Chancery, as by several Decreets of the Court of Session in Scotland, to be the next preferable Creditors; and that there now remains due to the Creditors of the said Company, under the said Deed of Trust of the 18th of January 1731, for Principal and Interest, computed to the 1 ith of August x 776, the Sum of £.72,774. 14*. 9 d.or thereabouts; and that the subsisting Annuities on the said Company’s Estates do not now amount to more than £.2,612. and that the

Estates belonging to the said Governor and Company in Scotland are now let at £.6,573. is. "j{d. and which Rent is capable of being considerably advanced; and that the Rents of the said Estates have, ever since the Year 1728, been received by the Trustees for the said Annuitants, or some Persons acting for them; and in as much as such Rents have for a considerable Number of Years pall greatly exceeded the Annuities payable thereout, the Persons so in Receipt of the said Rents for such Annuitants mull have a considerable Sum of Money in their Hands, which ought to be applied towards Payment of the Demands of the Petitioners, and the other Creditors under the said Deed of Trust of the 18th of January 1731; and that the Governor and other Persons who formerly undertook the Management of the said Company’s Affairs, did abuse the Trust in them reposed, and did affix the Seal of the said Coxnpany to divers and sundry Bonds, some whereof were issued for a small, and others for no real Consideration, and by other Mismanagement contracted, or suffered to incur, a great variety of Debts and Demands on the said Company’s Estates and Effects, but to what Amount is at present unknown; and the said Company long since became Insolvent; and that all the Persons who were originally named Trustees for the said Annuitants, and Trustees for the Creditors under the Deed of the 18th of 1731, are long

since deceased, and the Trust is now devolved on the

l9

Heirs of the surviving Trustees; and that (lie Petitioners, or those under whom they claim, and all other the Creditors of the said Company under the said Deed of Trust of the 18th of January 1731, have brought Actions of Ranking and Sale in the Court of Sefiiuii in Scotland, against the Company and their Creditors, which have been depending several Years; but as the Law of Scotland requires that, in all Actions for Sale of Bankrupt Estates, the Ranking of the Creditors shall proceed and fil'd be concluded by Decreet, before the Lands can be exposed to Roup or Sale, the same cannot be obtained by the'ordinary Process in a long Course of Years (especially as many of the Company’s Creditors defer the Production of the Grounds of their Debts) although the Rank of the Creditors under the said Deed of Trust of the 18th of January 1731, as among themselves, is altogether immaterial, in as much as the Value of the said Estates, after appropriating Lands sufficient to securethe subsisting Annuities, is far beyond the whole Amount of all the Debts due to such Creditors; and that the expediting the Sale of such Part of the Company’s Estates as shall remain after appropriating Lands sufficient to answer the subsisting Annuities, according to the-Provisions made in the said Deed of the 26th of 1725, will be the

Means of the Petitioners, and all other the Creditors under the said Deed of the 18th of January 1731, in a little Time, receiving their just Demands, and will be of great Benefit to all the subsequent Creditors of the said Company, in as much as the w hole Expence of the various Processes neetflary to bring an El’tate to a judicial Sale by the Law of Scotland are paid out of the Estate itself, and the Fund for the Payment of the Creditors thereby diminished; and the Lands and Estates of the said Company, which have been long neglected and uncultivated, while remaining in the Hands of an insolvent Company, will, by transferring them to Purchasers, be improved, to the great Benefit of the Public; The Petitioners, therefore, on Behalf of themselves and all other the Creditors of the said Company, under the said Deed of Trust of the 18th of January 1731, pray, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for a Sale of the Company’s Estates in Scotland, or so much thereof as shall remain after an Appropriation of a Fund sufficient for answering the subsisting Annuities, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet; and that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Premises as shall seem just and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Waljh,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who tome to the Committee are to have Voices.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow', One of the Clock in the Afternoon.

17 Geo. III. 130 Decembris

Vimerit y 130 die Decembris;

Anno 17* Georgii IIItU Regis, 177

AFTER Divine Service, Mr. Speaker and the House came from Margaret's Church to

the House.

The Hoofe Ordered, Nemine ConThat the Thanks o

thank this House be given to the Reverend Doctor Dr. Butler. Butler, for the Sermon by him preached this Day, before this House, at Margaret's, W; and that he be desired to print the fame: And that the Lord North and Mr. Charles do acquaint him therewith.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday the 21st Day of January next. Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

" ..... 1 1 ---- — 1 — —

Mart is, 21° die Januarii\

Anno 17* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1777.

PRAYERS.

Bedford, r >HE Lord Ongley presented to the House, accord-X ing to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Stall Gate Close, at the South West End of the Town of Bedford, to the Town of Ampthill, and from the said Town of Ampthill to Wooburn Park, in the County of Bedford-, and also the Road branching out of the same in Kempston Field, to the Turnpike Road lead mgfrom Hitchinto the said Town of Bedford:

And the same was received: and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

-2i° — 2 2° Januarii 71

more, Mr. Ezver, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petitioft of Lady Frances Legard, Mrs. Henri- K.,rkby etta Dig by, and Mrs. Lucy OJbaldiJion, Ladies of the ip'closure. Manors of Ravenjicorth, Kirkby Ravenfuorlh, and

Whajhton, in the Parish of Kirkby aforesaid,

in the North Riding of the County of York, William Welbanke, Esquire, Thomas Comforlh Gentleman, John Allen, Thomas Raine, Matthew Rabte, William -

son, Isaac Smith, John Blackburne, Joseph and

others. Owners of Lands in the said Townships, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are Three Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, . within the several Townships of Ravevsworth, Kirkby Ravenfioorth, and Whajhton aforesaid, called. Low Gatherley Moor, Moor Holme, and the Moor Commonly called The High Moor, situate on the South Side of

Kirkby Ravenjicorth aforesaid; and that, in case the said Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, were inclosed, and divided amongst the several Owners and Proprietors thereof, in proportion to the Right and Interest which they are respectively entitled to, the same would be capable of being cultivated and greatly improved, and rendered of much greater Use and Advantage to the Owners and Proprietors thereof, and Persons interested therein, than at present: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Moors,' Commons, and Waste Lands aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Charles Dundas, Mr. Dundas, and Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrour Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 2 2° die yanuarii;

Ttmptford The Lord Ongleij presented to the House, according

Jndosure. Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Parish of Temps-ford, in the County of Bedford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Haroliara Mr. Ewer presented to the House, according to &*c’ Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term, and altering and

Boai. enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty- ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of Hamham Hill, near the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Bland ford Forum and Dorchester, to a certain Intrenchment on Ajkenvell Hill, in the County of and from The Index

Pof, on the Side of Hamham Hill aforesaid, to a House called Majier Baker's Farm House, in the said County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vhight’i 1 Mr. Elices presented to the House, according to Nat. Order, a Bill for naturalizing Willem Vlught: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Re<Jnal A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Com-Xgclefure. mons, or Waste Grounds, within the Townlliip of

nal, in the Parish of West Felton, in the County of Salop, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whit-

Vol. 36.

Anno 170 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1777.

Prayers.

ABILL for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty- tJckfield* seventh Year of his late Majesty King George &c-the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Road* Repair, the Road leading from Union Point, near the Town of Uckfield, in the County of Suffer, to Langney

Bridge, in the Parish of Wefiham, in the said County', and for more effectually repairing the said Road; and also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the The Side Gate, on the Horsebridge Turnpike Road in the Parish of Hellingly, to the Turnpike Road leading from Cross-in-Hand to zva/h, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Spencer WrilJ'on, Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Right Rfeverend Father in God Sir Weflergata William Ashburnham, Baronet (by Divine Permission) Inc 0 ure‘ Lord Bishop of Chichester, tyid, in Right of such his Bishoprick, Lord of the Manor of Aldingborne, in the County of Suffer; and the humble Petition of the Reverend Richard Tireman the younger. Clerk, Prebendary of the Prebend of Gates, founded in the Cathedral Church of the Holy Trinity of Chichester, and, in Right of such his Prebend, Lord of the Manor of Wefergate Woodhouse, in the same County, and of others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having Interest in the Premises, wras presented to the House, and read; Set-

Hathernc

hdofure.

Shepshead

Inclosure.

72 2 2° Januarii. A. 1777.

ting forth, That there is, within the said Manor, and siderable Distancefrom the Town of Shepshead; and the in the Parish of Aiding borne, in the County of Sussex, a Lands of the Petitioners in the said Fields and Meadows

large Open Waite, or Common, called Westergate lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Quantities, and, in

Common, containing by Ellimation upwards of 406 their present Situation, are capable of very little Im-Acres, which, in its present Situation, is of little Value, provement; and that, as it will be a manifest Advantage and incapable of Improvement; and that the Petition- to the Petitioners, they are desirous that the said Opeti ers are desirous that the same may be divided and in- Fields and Meadows, Common or Waste Ground, Carrs, closed, to the end that it may be rendered more bene- and Michaelmas Ground, may be divided and inclosed; ficial to all Persons interested therein: And therefore and that a specific Part or Share thereof may be allot-praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill ted to each of the Proprietors, in proportion, and for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as according to their several and respective Shares and to the House flia.ll seem meet. Interests in the Premises; and that such Division and

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Inclosure will be attended with great Advantage to the pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Persons interested in the said Premises, improve their Sir Thomas Spencer Wilson and Sir Charles Whitworth Estates, and be of public Utility: And therefore pray-do prepare, and bring in, the fame. ing. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for

dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows, Com-

A Petition of the Right honourable Francis Earl of mon or W afte Ground, Carrs, and Michaelmas Grounds, Huntingdon, and also the humble Petition of Sir William in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Gordon, Knight of the Bath, Lord of the Manor of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring a Bill,

Hatheme, in the County of Leicester, the Reverend pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that William Middleton, Rector of the Parish and Parish Mr. Hungerford and Mr. Darker do prepare, and Church of Hatheme aforesaid, the Mailers, Fellows, bring in, the fame, and Scholars of Christ’s College, within the University

of Cambridge, Richard Chejlyn, Esquire, Thomas Bow- A Petition of several Persons, Proprietors of Land GHmorton ley, Samuel Bowley, William Boyer, Joseph Halford, in the Open and Common Fields of GHmorton, in the Inclosure.

Thomas Exon, wad. others, whose Names are thereunto County of Leicester, was prefen ted to the House, and lubscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Grounds, read; Setting forth. That the Lands of the Petition-and Commons, lying and being within the Lordship, ers, in the said Open and Common Fields, lie inter-Liberty, and Parish o f Hatheme aforesaid, was pre- mixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That sent Situation, are incapable of any considerable Im-there are, within the said Lordship, or Liberty, and provement; and that, if the said Open and Common Parish, several large Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, Fields were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares and Parcels of Waste or Common Ground, Part of allotted to the several Parties interested, according to which lie at a considerable Distance from the Town of their Interests therein, it would be a great Benefit to Hatheme, and the Lands of the Petitioners in the said them: And therefore praying. That Leave may be Fields and Meadows lie intermixed, and dispersed in given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are capa- laid Open and Common Fields, under such Rules and ble but of very small Improvement; and that, as it will Regulations as shall seem proper, be a manifest Advantage to the Petitioners, they are Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, desirous that the said Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures. pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that and Walle or Common Ground, may be divided and Mr. Hungerford and Mr. Darker do prepare, and inclosed, and that a specific Part dr Share thereof may bring in, the fame, be allotted to each of the Proprietors, in proportion

and according to their several and respective Shares and A Petition of several of the Barge Mailers and other

Interests in the Premises; and that such Division and Persons concerned in the Navigation of the River avi£*uo°* Inclosure will be attended with great Advantage to Thames, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Be-the Persons interested in the said Premises, improve half of themselves and others concerned in the said their Estates, and be of public Utility: And therefore Navigation, was presented to the House, and fead; praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows, Votes, that Leave has been given to bring in a Bill for Pallures, and Waste or Common Ground, in such enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the Manner as to the House shall seem meet. City of London, to purchase the present Tolls and Du-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ties payable for navigating upon the River Thames pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Wellward of London Bridge, within the Liberties of the Mr. Hungerford and Mr. Darker do prepare, and City of London, and for laying a small Toll in lieu bring in, the fame. thereof, for the Purpose of more effectually complet-

ing the said Navigation; and representing to the House,

A Petition of Sir William Gordon, Knight of the that, since the Act made in the 14th Year of His pre-Bath, Lord of the Manor of Shepshead, in the County sent Majesty’s Reign, for improving and completing of Leicester, the Reverend William Famham, Vicar of the Navigation of the said River Wellward of London the Parish and Parish Church of Shepshead aforesaid, Bridge, within the Liberties of the City of London,

Joyce* Beaumont, Widow, John Alt, John Bramley, many necessary and expensive Works have been per-Thomas West, Joseph Smalley, William Harris, Robert fbrmed by the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons,

Bentley, and others, whose Names are thereunto sub- of the City of London, in pursuance of the Powders veiled feribed, Owrners and Proprietors of Lands, Grounds, in them by the said Act, whereby the said Navigation and Commons, lying and being within the Lordship, hath been greatly improved, the Passage for Boats and Liberty, and Parish of Shepshead aforesaid, was present- Barges rendered more expeditious, and the Expences ed to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, of Navigating considerably reduced; and that there are within the said Lordship, Liberty, and Parish, several fomS’ very bad and dangerous Places Hill, remaining in large Open Fields and Meadows, and several of Com- sundry Parts of the River, and Towing Paths within mon or Waste Ground, lying within the Ring Fence of the said Liberties, which, if amended and repaired, the said Fields; and also several Closes, or Parcels of Would be of great Utility and Advantage to the Navi-Land and Ground, called The Carrs, wad Michaelmas gation; and that, as the Works already done mull Grounds, which are thrown open to the said Fields at gradually decay, and as there are many other Works certain Times in the Year, Part of which lie at a con- necessary to be done for the Completion of the said

Navigation,

Centlivrts*

Nat.

Bfcnnint’g

Nat.

Boynton

Inclosure.

17 Geo. III.

22° Januarii.

Navigation, the Petitioners apprehend, that, if the pretent Tolls and Duties, which, from the Circum-ilanees and Nature of them, are attend©! with Inconvenience to the Navigation, were to cease, and in lieu thereof a small Toll was laid on Barges, Boats, and other Vessels, navigating the said River between London Stone, near Staines and London Bridge, according

to the Quantity of Tonnage, the same would be much ..more convenient and advantageous to the Petitioners and the Public: And therefore praying the House to take the 'Premises into Consideration; and that the said Bill, so ordered to be brought in, may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, to purchase the present l olls and Duties, payable for navigating upon the River Thames, West ward of London Bridge, within the Liberties of the City of London, and for laying a small Toll in lieu thereof, for the Purpose of more effectually completing the said Navigation, be brought in.

A Petition of John Cen/livres was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Elites and Mr. Winchcombe Hartley do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of ErneftBernard Banning, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.'

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Elzves, and Mr. Winchcombe do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Sir George Strickland, Baronet, Lord of the Man, or of Boijnton, in the East Riding of the County of York, and Owner of Nine Parts in Ten, or thereabouts, of the several Lands and Grounds within the same Township, and also Impropriator of the Rectory or Parsonage of Boynton aforesaid, and Patron of the Vicarage there, and Thomas Clerk, Vicar

or Curate of Boipiton aforesaid, which said Sir George

Strickland, as Impropriator, and the said Thomas Simpson, as Vicar or Curate, are entitled to all the Tythes and other Ecclesiastical Dues within the said Township, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Township of Boynton, several Open Fields, Pallures, and Unin-elofed Grounds, reputed to contain Two thousand Acres, or thereabouts, and which have usually been held and enjoyed by the Owners thereof, according to the Number of Oxgangs of Land and Common Rights which they respectively have therein; and that, if the same were divided and allotted in specific Shares to the fair! Owners, in proportion to their respective Estates and Interests aforesaid, to be by them held and enjoyed in Severalty, free from all Common Right whatsoever; ami if a Compensation was made for the Tythes and other Ecclesiastical Dues of the said Township, the mutual Benefit of the Persons interested therein would be promoted thereby: And therefore praying, That Leave may tie given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes 'aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as so the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir James Pennyman and Sir Cecil Wray do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Tun flail thereunto subscribed, Owners of, or otherwise interested Inc*°^ure* in, sundry Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,

within the Township of Tunflall, in Holdernef in the East Riding of the County of York, was pr«-rented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Township of Tfeveral Open Fields, Pailures, Lands and Grounds, reputed to contain in the Whole 800 Acres, or thereabouts, which have been held and enjoyed by the several Owners thereof, according to the Number of Acres of Land, Common Rights, and other Rights, which they rofpeetively have therein; and that, if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed, in specific Shares, to the reflective Owners thereof, in proportion to their present Rights and Interests therein, to be held in Severalty, free from all Common Right, and if a Compensation was made in lieu of the Tythes and other Ecclesiastical Dues of the said Township, the mutual Benefit of all the Proprietors and Persons interested in the said Lands,

Grounds, and Tythes, would be promoted thereby:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Refirictious as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave Be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir James Pennyman and Sir Cecil do prepare, and bring in, tjje fame.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Eleventh and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, so far as the same relate to the Road from the said Town of Derby, through Ashborne, to Hurdloe House, in the said County of Derby; and for enabling the Trustees to alter Part of the Courl'e of the present Road between Ashborne and the Nero Inn Yurnpike: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Lift; of the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land prej^ed5 Forces and Marines, entitled to receive Half Pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1777: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances 1 to the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1777: And also,

Estimate of the Charge or the Out Pensioners of ChelJ'ea Hospital, for the Year 1777: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Allowances to Widows of Officers who have <lie<l on Half Pay, for the Year 1777 The Lord Barrington also presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of "the Expence of the new Roads of Communication, and building the Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, pursuant to the Orders of his Grace the Duke of Argyll, for the Year 1777: And also,

A Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died on the Establishment of(Half Pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th of 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1777.

And the Titles of the said Lifts and Estimates were read.

The said Lifts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

Derbv,

thro'

A (h borne. Roads.

Estimates,

Vol. 36.

U ESTIMATE

74

22° Januarii. \A. 1777.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land

1

Forces and Marines, for the Year 1777. ' .

-4

For reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Forces for 365 Days, from 25th December 1776, to 24th December.1777, inclusive -

For Allowances to Officers of the reduced Horse -For the Annual Allowances to Nine private Gentlemen of the 3d and 4th Troops of Horse Guards, at f. 10 per Annum each -For 33 private Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, at 7 d. per Diem each - - - \ - -

Total -

Per Diem. For 365 Days.

£. s. d. £‘ s- d.

256 9 8 93,616 8 4

— 17 2 3I31 5 10

- - 9°

— 19 3 351 6 3

" - £ 94.371 — 5

Mrar Office, 22d January 1777.

Barrington,

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1777.

13>302 Out Pensioners Handing at present upon the Books of the Hospital, at 5 d. per Diem each - - - - -203 Letter Men, at 12 d. per Diem each - - - -31 Serjeants, at 9 d. per Diem each - ... Per Diem. m For 363 Days.

277 2 6 10 3 — i33 101,150 12 6 3>7°4 1.5 — 424 6 3

13-536 Total - £. 288 8 g 105,279 13 9

War Office, 22d January 1777.

ES TIMATE of the Charge of the Allowances to Widows of Officers who have died on Half Pay, for the

Year 1777.

Allowances to the Widows for the Year 1777

c

37°-----

War Office, 22d January 1777.

Barrington.

ESTIMATE

17 Geo. III. 226 Jamariu

ESTIMATE of the Expenfce of the new Roads of Commiinication, and building the Bridges in the Highlands of North Britain, pursuant to the Orders of his Grace the Duke *f Argyll, for the Year 1777*

To a Party to work on the Road from Fort Augustus towards Berncra and the Isle of confiding of Two Subaltern Officers at 3^. each per Diem, Two Serjeants at ir. each. Two Corjwals at 8 d.each. Two Drummers and Fifty Private Men at each, for 92 Days Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, Underground Drains, Iron, Lihie, and incident Expences To a Party to work on the Road from Stirling, by Drummond in Lennox to Dunbarton; confiding of Two Subalterns, Two Serjeants, Two Corporals, Two Drummers, and Fifty Private Men, at fuid Rates, for 92 Days ——

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, Underground Drains, Iron, Lime, and incident Expences To a Party to work on the Road from Fort William, over The Black Mountain, to Stirling, from Fyndrom to Inver ary, and from Dalmalie to Branden confiding of One Subaltern, Two Serjeants, Two Corporals, One Drummer, and Fifty Private Men, at the aforesaid Rates, for 92 Days ——

ExtraCharges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, Underground Drains, Iron, Lime, and incident Expences To a Party to work from Inverness ,by Pitmean, to Dalnacardochconfiding of One Subaltern, Two Serjeants, Two Corporals, One Drummer, and Fifty Private Men, at the aforesaid Rates, for 92 Days ——

ExtraCharges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, Underground Drains, Iron, Lime, and incident Expences To a Party to work on the Road from Stirling, by Crieff and Taybridge to Dalnacardoch-, confiding of Two Serjeants, Two Corporals, and Twenty-eight Private Men, at the aforesaid

Rates, for 92 Days -----....

ExtraCharges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, Underground Drains, Iron, Lime, and incident Expences To a Party to work from Dunbarton, up Lochhmonjide, to and to Inver ary, and through

Glenfallachand Glenfruen to the J un6tion of the Road with The Black Roadconfiding of One Subaltern, Two Serjeants, Two Corporals, One Drummer, and Thirty Private Men, at said Rates, for 92 Days - -

Extra Charges of ArtificerSjCarts, Tools, Underground Drains, Iron, Lime, and incident Expences To a Party to work on the Line of Road from Fort George, through to Cor garff Barracks,

Breamer Cadle, and to Blair^gourieand Cupar in Angus-, confiding of Two Subalterns, Two

Serjeants, Two Corporals, Two Drummers, and Fifty Private Men, at said Rates, for 92 Days ——

ExtraCharges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, Underground Drains, Iron, Lime, and incident Expences To a Party to work on the Road leading over The Cairn Mount to; confiding of Two

Serjeants, Two Corporals, and Twenty-eight Private Men, at the aforesaid Rates, for 92 Days ExtraCharges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, Underground Drains, Iron, Lame, and incident Expences . To a Party to w'ork from Canton to Pollow, in Roconfiding of Two Serjeants, Two Cor-

porals, and Twenty-five Private Men, at the aforesaid Rates, for 92 Days -ExtraCharges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, Underground Drains, Iron, Lime, and incident Expences To a Party to work from Fochabar on Speyftde to Strathbogie-, confiding of Two Serjeants, Two Corporals, and Twenty-four Private Men, at the aforesaid Rates, for 92 Days ... ExtraCharges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, Underground Drains, Iron, Lime, and incident Expences To.a Party to work on the Road from Dunkeld, by Blair, in Athole, to Dalnacardoch-, confiding of Two Serjeants, Two Corporals, and Twenty-four Private Men, at the aforesaid Rates, for 92 Days - - - *

ExtraCharges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, Underground Drains, Iron, Lime, and incident Expences To the new Road from Port Patrick to the River of Sark, and to the Harbour of Port Patrick To the Bridge over the Water to Dover an, confiding of Seven Arches -To the Bridge over the Water of Aray - - - , - - .

To rebuild a Bridge of Two Arches upon the Line of Road from the Bridge of Spey to Fort George, carried entirely away by a Flood in July lad ---- J

To rebuild Two Arches on the Line of Road from Dunbarton towards Inverary -To rebuild the Bridge of Loffe of Twro Arches, carried entirely away by a Thunder Storm in 1776 To rebuild the Bridge of Dara, confiding of Two Arches, carried away in July lad To repair the Bridge of CajUetoum of Breamar ——

To rebuild a Bridge between Dalnacardoch and Dalwhintiie -

To repairing the Foundation, pointing and building a new Abutment to the Bridge of Dec, near Breamer Cadle -

To repair several Bridges upon the Line of Road from Dunkeld by to in

great Danger - - - " - -

To repair several Bridges on the Line of Road from Fort William towards Inverness To repair Three. Bridges upon Corriarick, between Fort Augustus and G aril more To repair Four Bridges from Dalnacardoch towards Dalwhinny -

' AVar Office, 2 2d January 17 77.

Barrington.

Total - £.

i- s. di

162 IO 8

13I .10 — »

162 10 8

108 _ —

146 8 8

123 1 1

146 8 8

124 10

79 *4 8

53 16

too 8 8

.82 i5- '9

162 IO 8

121 14 6

79 14 8

55 16 —

72 16 8

'49 x5 3

70 10 8

49 15 3

70 10 8

48 16 —

2,000 ‘ — —

1,000 — —

45° — t

222 IO 6

85 *5 —

190 — —

260 16 —

25 8 —

45 —

160 ' 5 —

154 — —

151 — .

20 — —

29 — r-

6>997 *3 7

Atol. 36.

Ordered,

Militia Pay and Clothing.

Expiring

Laws.

Estimate

ordered;

Navy.

Supply.

Ways and Means*

Hindon

Election.

22° — 250 — 24° — 25° Januarii. . A. 1777*

j6

Ordered, That the said Lifts and Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for the Year 1777.

And a Committee was appointed, of Sir Charles

Whitworth, Mr. Poivnal, &c.: And they are to meet

Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the

Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued.

And a Committee was appointed, of Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it flood on the 31st Day of December 1776, be laid before this House.

The Orders of the Day being read;

ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Veneris, 240 die Januarii;

Anno t7° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1777.

1

Prayers.

THE Hour, appointed for taking into Considera- Hindon tion the Petition of Richard Esquire, Election-

and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, who respectively have a Right to vote in the Election of Members to represent the Borough of Hindon in Parliament, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Richard Smith, Esquire, for the said Borough, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to got with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr’ Speaker; and Eighty-three Members'only being found to be present,

Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration; and immediately adjourned the said Order, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Moaning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House was adjourned by Mr Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow, Twelve of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisy 2 30 die Januarii;

Anno 170 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1777.

Prayers.

nnHL Hour, appointed for taking into Considera-JL tion the Petition of Richard Beckford, Esquire, and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, who respectively have a Right to vote in the Election of Members to represent the Borough of Hindon in Parliament, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Richard Smith, Esquire, for the said Borough, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and Forty-nine Members only being found to be present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration; and immediately adjourned the said Order, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Sab batty. 250 die Januarii;

Anno 170 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1777.

Prayers.

HE Hour, appointed' for taking into Considera- Ditto, tion the Petition of Richard Beckford, Esquire, and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, who respectively have a Right to vote in the Election of Members to represent the Borough of Hindon in Parliament, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Richard Smith, Esquire, for the said Borough, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. SpcUker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and Five Members only being found to be present, Mr. Speaker, directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration; and immediately adjourned the said Order, without a Question first put, till Monday Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Monday, Twelve of the Clock.

And then the House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow, Twelve of the Clock.

Hindon

Election.

17 Geo. III. 27° Jenuarii.

IT

That Joseph Smith, Esquire, not having: presented a

Petition to this House, complaining of the last Election or Tteturn of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, nor any Petition having been presented on his Behalf, be admitted to appear as a Party on the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try the Matter of the Petitions of Richard Beckford, Esquire, and of the Electors of the said Borough olf Hindon;

Itpalfed in the Negative.'

And the Counsel and Agents being again called to the Bar* Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Orders of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration. *

Amfthe same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the CleFk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six GlafTes; and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr: Speaker to the House. , '1

And the Names of Forty-four Members} then present,; were drawn, who were not objected to.

Ahdthe Name of the Lord Barrington being drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the said So* le€t Committee, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Agd, or upwards; and, having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Five other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Ndte, That1 in’ the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Three other Members',

' then present, were drawn, and set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House; One, oh Account of his being Sikty '* Years of Age, or upwards, which he had before verified on Oath; and Two, on Account of ! their being Members against whose Returns; Petitions were depending.

And the whole. Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete;

The Counsel for the Petitioners named Frederick Montagu; Esquire, and the Counsel for the Sitting Member named George Dempster Esquire, to serve on the said Select Committee.

And Lists of the said Forty-nine- Names were delivered; by the Clerk, to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Lunacy 2 70 die Januarii;

Anno 170 Georgii III1" Regis, 1777.

Prayers.

THE Hour, appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Richard Beckford, Esquire, and also the Petition of the several Persons whose" Names are thereunto subscribed, who respectively have a Right to vote in the Election of Members to represent the Borough of Hindon in Parliament, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Richard Smith, Esquire, for the said Borough, being come;

T he House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to trjr and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker; to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 120 Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents for the several Parties, who attended at the Door, were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

And the said Counsel being ailked, by Mr. Speaker, for whom they respectively appeared; One of them informed the House, That he appeared at the Bar on the Part of Joseph Smith,- Esquire; who is stated in both the said Petitions now taken into Consideration, as having been a Candidate, and as having had an Equality of Votes with the Petitioner, Mr. Beckford, at the said EJeftion; and who had also received a Notice, signed by Mr. Speaker, accompanied with" an Order to attend the House, by himself, his Counsel, or Agent, on the faking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And thereupon One of the Counsel for the said Petitioner, Mr. Beckford, objected to the said Mr. Joseph Smith's being admitted to appear, by his Counsel, as a Party on the Appointment of the said Select Committee; as he was neither a Sitting Member for the said Borough complained against, nor had presented any Petition to the House, nor had any Petition been presented to the House, on his Behalf, complaining of the said Election or Return.

And the said Counsel further objected to the said Mr. Joseph Smith's appearing by his Counsel in the Manner before mentioned; he not having delivered in to the Clerk of the House, a Particular of his Qualification, according to the Dire&ion of the Standing Order of the House, of the 21st Day of November 1717; such Qualification having been expressly objected to by the said Petitions respectively.

And the said Counsel was heard thereupon.

And both the said Petitions were read.

And the said Standing Order of the House, of the 2.1st Day of November 17x7, was also read.

And the Clerk of the House, being called upon, acquainted the House, that he had not received any Particular of the said Mr. Joseph Smith's Qualification.

And the other Counsel for the said Mr. Beckford was heard in Support of the said Objections. And the Counsel for the said Mr. Joseph Smith was heard in Answer thereto.

And one of the Counsel for the said Mr. Beckford having been heard by Way of Reply;

The Counsel and Agents were directed to withdraw some Way from the Bar.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Vol. 36.

Ordered, That the Chaplain to this House do preach Chaplain, before this House, at Saint Margaret's, Westminster, upon Thursday next, the 30th Day of this Initant January.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Haggerjton, Baronet, Lord Horncliff of the Manor of Norham, in the County of Durham; Inclosure. and of the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Freehold Messuages, 1 Lands, and Tenements, within the V illages of Horncliff and Horncliff Lone End, being Part and Parcel of the Manor and Parish of Norham aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is, within the Villages of and Horncliff Lone End aforesaid, a certain Piece of Common or Waste Ground, containing, by Estimation, Fifty-seven Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Petitioners and others are intitled in Right of their several Freehold Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in Horncliff and Horncliff Lone End aforesaid, to the Right of Common upon the said Piece of Common* or Waste Ground, which, in its present State, is uncultivated, and yields but little Profit; and that the faine would be improved by a Divisibn and Inclosure thereof: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring

78 ,i~i* Januarit. . 1777.

in a Bill lor -dividing and inclosing the said Piece-of within the Parish at South Mims, particularly mentioned Common or Waste Ground, in Rich Manner, and under and' described in the Petition now presented to the inch Regulations, as to the House shall seem rileet. House, not being within the Limits of the said

Ordered, That, Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bacon, Mr. Ord, and Sir Thomas , do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

EnfieM A Petition of the several Persons whose Names

Chace are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders and Copy-

Inclosure. ]lQ|(jers of the Parish of South in the County of

Middlefe.r, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, That Leave is given for bringing in a Bill for dividing, setting out, and allotting, the Chace of Enfield, in the County of unto and amongst

the King’s Majesty and all other Persons interested therein; and that the said Parish of South Mims is One of the Four Parishes intitled to a Right of Common and other Rights upon the said Chace; and that, upon a Treaty set on Foot between the Officers of the Duchy of Lancaster, on the Behalf of I lis Majesty, and the said Four Parishes, for a Division of the said Chace, it hath been agreed, that a certain Portion or’ Allotment of the said Chace, containing 1026 Acres and Three Poles, or thereabouts, as the same is llaked or tneered out, shall be set apart and assigned unto and amongst the Freeholders and Copyholders of the said Parish of South Mims (freed and discharged from all Tythes whatsoever) in Lieu and Discharge of their Rights and Privileges upon the Residue of the said Chace; and that the said Portion or Allotment shall be juinexed unto, and be made Part of, the said Parish of South Mims;and that the said Portion or Allotment of Land abutteth upon, and lyeth openforOne Mile and an Half in Length, or thereabouts, to a narrow Slip or Stripe of Waste Land, belonging to and within the said Parish of South Mims, containing about 87 Acres, being separated from the said Chace by the Remains of an -ancient Mound, called Gannock Bankand the Freeholders and Copyholders within the said Parish, and their Tenants, and no other Persons, have, and are intitled unto, the same Rights and Privileges upon the said Slip of Waste Land, as they have upon the said \ Chace; and that it will be greatly for the Benefit and Convenience of all Persons interested, that the said -Portion or Allotment of the said Chace and the said Slip of Waste Land should be consolidated, and be divided and allotted in specific Shares to and amongst the several Persons interested therein, or entitled thereto, according to their several and respective Rights, with Powers for laying out and making fit and convenient Roads and Footways over the fame, and for discontinuing such as Hiall be found unnecessary: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given for extending the ProvLGons of the said Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House dial I seem meet.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of Freehold and Copyhold Messuages and Lands in the several Parishes of Edmonton, South Mimms, and Monken Hadley, or some of them, in the County of that they do

make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition now presented.

The House being informed, that the Notices required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, and which had accordingly been given on the present Occasion, had extended only to the Divi-lion. Allotment, and Inclosure, of the Lands lying within the Limits of Erffield Chace; and that the Parcel of Waste Land, containing about 87 Acres, lying

»7

was not included in the said Notices;

Ordered, That Leave be given to affix Notices of the present Application to Parliament, for thelnclosure of the said Parcel of Waste Land, upon the Three next successive Sundays.

General Honyzcood presented to the House, accord- King* nig to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Measurn; Common and Waste Grounds w ithin the Manor or Inclosure. Lordship of Kings Measurn, in the Parish of Moreland, in the County of Westmoreland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of William Burton and Michael Burton, Wadfler Lords of the Manor oi Wadjley, in the Parish of - Inclosure. jfield, in the West Riding of the County of and of the several Persons, whose Names, are thereunto subscribed, for themselves, and on Behalf of several other Persons, Owners and Proprietors of, and entitled to, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Right of Common, dying and being W'ithin the Manor of aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are several extensive Commons, or Tracts of Waste Ground, lying in the Manor of Wadjley aforesaid, called Wadjley Moor, Worral Moor, and Ones Mbor, and other Waste Grounds, containing by Eilimation 2000 Acres, or thereabouts; and also several Common Fields and Mesne Inclosures, containing together, by Eilimation, 100 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Petitioners, as Freeholders, and Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in the Manor of Wadjley, are entitled to Right of Common for their Cattle, in, over, and upon, the said Commons and Waste Grounds; and that the Lands and Grounds of the several Freeholders and Proprietors in the said Common Fields and Mesne Inclosures, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels and different Places, inconvenient for the respective Owners thereof and cannot be properly manured and cultivated but at a great Expence, and so longt sis they lie Open and Uninclosed, are in a great Measure incapable of Improvement; and the Petitioners are desirous that the said Commons or Waste Grounds, Common Fields, and Mesne Inclosures, may be inclosed and divided, and that a specific Part thereof may be allotted to each of the Proprietors, as a Recompence and Compensation for the several Rights in and upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and for their several and respective Lands and Grounds in the said Common Fields and Mesne Inclosures, so intended to be inclosed; and that all Common Right belonging to the several Freeholders and Land Owmers respectively, in or upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds, may ccafe and be extinguished; and that such Inclosure and Division would tend greatly to the Benefit and Advantage of all the Persons interested, and be a great Improvement of their Estates and Property in the Manor of Wadjley aforesaid: And therefore praying the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. Spencer Stanhope do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable John Earl Mtx- Thorner borough of the Kingdom of Ireland, Lord of the Manor nc olure‘ of Thorner, in the West Riding of the County of York,

Impropriator of the Tythes thereof and Owner of divers Lands and Tenements within the said Manor and the Parish of Thorner, and also the humble Petition of the several other Persons whoseifamesure thereunto

sub-

Sutton,

Ik.

Drainage.

17 Geo. III. 27° Jamarii.

79

subscribed, being Owners of other Lands and Tenements within the said Manor and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, several large Commons, Common Fields, and Old Inclosures, belonging to the Petitioners, and others, which Commons being Open and L'ninclosed, and the Common Fields the mixed Property of divers Owners of speciflc Parcels dispersed therein, and the Old Inclosures being, small and inconvenient for Occupation, the same cannot be cultivated to the belt Advantage; and that it would be very beneficial to the Petitioners and the several other Persons interested in the said Commons and Common Fields, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts allotted to them in Severalty, according to their several and respective Rights and Interests therein, and if the Petitioners were enabled to make Exchanges of their said Old Inclosures, and other Lands and Estates within the said Manor and Parish: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons and Common Fields, and allotting to the several Persons intgrested specific Proportions thereof, according to their respective Interests, and for enabling the Petitioners to make such Exchanges as aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House flia.ll seem meet.'

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. Spencer Stanhope do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the principal Owners and Proprietors of certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying in the several Parishes of Sutton, cham, and Chatteris, and in a certain Extraparochial Place, called By a I Fen, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, whose names are thereunto fiib-feribed, in Behalf of themselves and the other Owners and Proprietors of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act for draining and preserving the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parishes of Sutton, Mepal, Witcham, and Chatteris, and in By a I

Fen, together with several other Fen Lands and Low Grounds, was made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second^ intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain " Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the several Parishes " of Sutton, Mepal, Witcham,

" and a Place called Byal Fen, in the Me of Ely, and " County of Cambridge; and also in the Parishes of " Somersham, and Pidley with Fenton, in the County " of Huntingdonand that the said Lands and Low

Grounds, in the Parishes of Sutton, Mepal, Witcham, and Chatteris, and in Byal Fen, contain, by Estimation, 6800 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Powers and Provisions of the said Act, so far as the same relate to the Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Parishes of Sutton, Mepal, Witcham, and Chatteris, and in Byal Fen, have been ineffectual and insufficient for draining and preserving the fame; and that, by the Decay of the Banks, and other Works, the said Fen Lands and Ix>w Grounds are ltill subject to be overflowed, and cannot be properly and effectually drained and preferred without the further Aid of Parliament, and without the Petitioners being enabled to raise more Money for that Purpose; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually draining and preserving the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parishes of , Mepal, Witcham, and Chatteris, and in Byal Fen, under such Regulations and Provisions, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That, the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-VOL. 36.

mine the Matter thereof: and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir Sampson Gideoji, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John Fames the Elder, of Shalden, in the County of Southampton, Yeoman, natural and lawful Father of John Fames the Younger, a Minor, of the Age of Eighteen Years,' or thereabouts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That John Waight, late of Bishop's Sutton, in the County of Southampton, Esquire, deceased, did, by his last Will and Testament, bearing Date 17th August 1776, give devise, and bequeath, unto the said John Fames the Younger the Petitioner’s said Son, who was, and whom the said Testator in his said Willdescribes as, his God-son, all and Angular his Freehold and Copyhold Estates, situate, lying, and being, at Cheriton, in the said County of Southampton, and at Bishop's Sutton, in the same County, and all other his real Estate and Estates whatsoever, to hold, to the said John Fames the Younger, and the Issue of his Body lawfully begotten, or to be begotten, but subject nevertheless to and upon certain Conditions, particularly, that the said John Fames the Younger did and should, within Twelve Calendar Months next after the said Testator’s Decease, (or otherwise so soon as he could or might by the Laws of the Realm) obtain and get an Act of Parliament to enable him the said John Fames the Younger, and his Issue Male, to take and bear, and that he and his Issue Male did and should take and bear, and write himself and themselves by, the Surname of Waight-, and in case the said John Eames the Younger did or should neglect or refuse to comply with such Condition, then the said Testator devised the said Estates over; and thht the said John Waight died on the 14th November 1776, without having revoked or in any wise altered his said Will; and that the said John Eames the Younger is desirous of complying with the Condition of the Will of the said John Waight: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the said John Eames the Younger, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of Waight, pursuant to the said Will of the said John Waight.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. James Worjley and Sir Richard Worjley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, for repairing such Part of the Road from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, and from thence in Two Branches (One through Ripley over Burage Green, and the other through Knaresborough and to Ripon,

and from thence to the First Rill of Water or Water-course on Hutton Moor, in the County of York, and for repairing the Sloughs or Ruts on the said Moor; as lies between the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, through Knaresborough and Boroughbridge aforesaid, and of several Gentlemen, Clergymen, Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the said County, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That in pursuance of the said Act, several Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls and Duties arising upon the said respective Part of the said Road, which have been laid out towards repairing and amending the same; and that a Toll Gate hath been set up across the said Part of the said Road, and the said Road hath been amended and repaired; but the Money borrowed is still

Eames’

Name.

Leeds

thro*

K narefborough Road.

Centime*

Mat.

Baanin^i

NaL

Soltao’i (and others) Nat.

Haroham

Hiil»

&c.

Road.

Hen field, &c. Road.

8o 27 0 Januarii.A. 1777.

owing, and the Tolls and Duties, by the said Act directed to be collected on the said Part of the said Road, arc insufficient to pay off the Money so borrowed and the Interest thereof, and to keep the said Road in Repair; and that the Term by the said Act granted is expired, and the Term of Five Years granted in and by an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth " Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the " Public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this " Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of " the l^aws relating thereto," is nearly expired v and the said Trustees, and the Gentlemen, Owners, and Occupiers of Lauds, lying near and contiguous to the said respective Part of the said Road, are of Opinion, that the same nmy be effectually amended and kept in Repair, if a Term of Twenty-one Years may be added to the said additional Term of Five Years; and that the said Trustees and others are delirous that such additional Term of Twenty-one Years may be granted of the said respective Part of the said Road, separate and distinct from the other Parts thereof: And therefore praying. That I^eave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House ilia.ll seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Henry Cavendish, Sir George Savile, ice.: And they are to mfeet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Elwes presented to the House, according to

.Order, a Bill for naturalizing John And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Elzves presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for naturalizing Erness Bernard Banning: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of George William Gerhard Berck,

Henry AlbrechtHammelburg, and Gunter Henry Kroger, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Elwes and Mr. Winchcombe Hartley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for enlarging the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of Harnham Hill, near the City of New in the County of

Wilts, through the Towns of Bland ford Forum and Dorchester, to a certain Intrenchment on AJkerwell Hill, in the County of Dorf and from The Index Pofi, on the Side of Harnham Hill aforesaid, to a House called MaJlerBaker's Farm House, in the said County of Wilis, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ewer, Mr. Elwes, Scc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Goring reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from The Maypole, at the End of the Turnpike Road in the Town of lie/field, in the County of over

Poynings Common, to the Town of Brightkelmfton, and from Poynings Common aforesaid, to High in the Parish of Albourne; and from thence, for the Diliance

of Two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards Twineham, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Brighthelmston, and of the Parishes of Poynings, IIangle ton, Blatchington, Patcham, Preston, Edberton, Hurfipcrpoint, and Hove, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; And setting forth. That the Road leading from a Place called The Devil's Dyke, in the Parish of Poynings, do Brighthelmston, is for the great-

eft Pact, from the Nature of the Soil, and the Width thereof, very good, and passable for Carriages as well as Horses; and that a small Part of the Statute Work is fully sufficient to keep the same in perfect Repair at all Seasons; and that the Petitioners apprehend it is solely upon the Ground of the Badness of the Road, and the insufficiency of the Statute Work to keep the same in Repair, that this House is ever induced to lay > an additional Toll on Passengers and the Public in general, for the Support of any Road; and that the said Bill will, if it passes into a Law, be attended with many Circumstances of Hardship upon the Petitioners and other Persons residing in the said Town of Brighthelmston and the adjacent Parishes: and therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into Consideration; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Sevennight, the 6th Day of February next.

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities of the several Sorts of Corn, which (agreeable to an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation " of Corn,") have been warehoused, specifying the Times and Port wherein the same have been at; also an Account of the Quant ities from Time to Time taken out for Re-exportation, and the Quantities from Time to Time taken out for Sale in the Home Market, from the Time of passing the said Act to the 27th of November 1776, which is as far as the same can be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That, the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the several Proprietors and Owners of

certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Ovingham, and within the Manor and Barony

of Prudhoc, in the Count)' of Northumberland, having

Right

Ditto.

Account presented; Corn.

Prudhoe

Inclosure.

Hindoo

Blcftion.

17 Geo. III. 270 — -28° Januariu 81

Right of Common upon several Parcels of AVafte Ground, Moors, or Commons, lying also within, and being Part and Parcel of, the said Manor and Barony, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Manor and Barony, aforesaid, certain large Tracts of Waste Ground, Moors, or Commons, known by the Names of FidchHigh Riggs, alias Hedley Fell, alias Rife Moor, Moor, and

hoe Moor, containing together, by Eftunation, 850 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Duke of Northumberland is Lord of the said Manor and Barony, and, as such, is seised of, and entitled unto, the foil and Inheritance and Royalties of the said fewral Trails of Waste Ground, Moors, or Commons, respectively, as Parcel of, and belonging to, the said Manor and Barony o (Prudhoe-, and that the said Duke and the Petitioners, their Lessees, Farmers, or Tenants, in Respect of, or as appendant, appurtenant, or belonging to, their several Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Manor and Barony, or foine of them, have Right of Common upon the said Waste Ground, Moors, or Commons, some or One of them, respectively; and that the Lord of the said Manor and Barony, and the Petition- rs, are desirous that the said several Tracts of Waste Ground, Moors, or Commons, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, may be divided, allotted, and inclosed, amongst the said Duke and the several other Proprietors and Owners of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, having Right of Common thereon respectively, for the Improvement of their respective Estates and Properties, which will be a great Advantage to all Parties interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring ip a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said several Tracts of Waste Ground, Moors, or Commons, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ord and Sir Thomas Cluvering do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Counsel and Agents, before mentioned, being again returned to the Bar, the Clerk Appointed to attend the said Select Committee, delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, which had been struck by the said Counsel, in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned Lift the Names of Frederick Montague and George Esquires, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

Walter Stanhope, Esquire, Keene, Esquire,

William Ewer, Esquire, James Whit/hed, Esquire, William Lawrence, Esquire, George Bridges,

Esquire, James Worjley, Esquire, the Lord Hyde, Abel Smith, Esquire, John Strutt, Esquire, Sir Henry Bridge-man, Baronet, Richard Hopkins, Esquire, John Frederick Esquire, Frederick Montagu, Esquire, George Dempfer, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Richard Bedford, Esquire, and also of the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, who respectively have a Right to vote in the Election of Members to represent the Borough of Hin-don in Parliament, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said select Committee do meet forthwith in the First Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

VOL. 36.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee 01 the whole House, to consider further of the Supply’granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee oi the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of allowing Lumber to be carried, in British Ships, from the Baltic, dfrectly to the West

India lllands, for a limited Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 8° die Januarii;

Anno 170 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1777.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of the Honourable Bartholomew Bouverie, and also the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Shaftesbury, complaining of the undue Election and Return of George Rous, Esquire, for the Borough of Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 105 Members being found to be present;

The Counsel, and Agents, on both Sides, were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Orders of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawu by the Clerk, in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of 42. Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Right honourable Welbore Ellis being drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards; and, having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Seven other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That, in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Thirteen other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the Names of those who were absent from Y the

Supply.

Way. and Means.

Lumber.

Shaftesbury

Election.

Biliinghay

Drainage,

See.

Letter* of Marque; American Colonies.

Enfield

Chace

ladofute.

82 28° Januariu A. 1777.

the HouFe; Four, on account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which they had before verified on Oath; Two, on account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; and Seven, on account of their then serving on a Select Committee.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete; the Counsel for the Petitioners named Richard Milles, Esquire and the Counsel for the Sit-

ing Member named Abel M Esquire, to serve on the said Select Committee.

And Lists of the said Forty-nine Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on' both Sides withdrew.

A Petition of the Right honourable William Earl Fitzwilliam, and the humble Petition of Gervas Esquire, Anthony Peacock, and others, Proprietors of Lands and Commonable Messuages, Cottages, and Toftftcads, in the Parish of in the County of Lincoln, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Dales, wherein the Lands of the Petitioners, and others, lie intermixed, and dif-perfect in small Parcels, and therefore are not at present capable of any great Improvement; and that there are also, within the said Parish, a large Common Fen, and inclosed Low Lands, which, with the said Dales, being often overflowed with Water, yield but little Profit to the Persons who have Right of Common or other Property therein; but, if the said Dales, Common Fen, and inclosed Low Lands, were embanked and drained, and the said Dales and Common Fen, together with the said Fields and Meadows, were divided and inclosed, the Whole might be improved, to the great Advantage of the Parties interested: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as the House may think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pelham, Lord Broicnlow Bertie, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord North presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain to grant Commissions or Letters of Marque to the Commanders of private Ships and Vessels, to take and make Prize of all Ships or Vessels, and their Cargoes, belonging to, or possessed by, any of the Inhabitants of the Colonies of New Hampshire, chufets Bay, Rhode Island, Connecticut, Nezo York, Neto

Jersey, Pensylvania, the Three lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Lord Hyde be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of Freehold and Copyhold 20

Messuages and Lands, in the several Parishes of En-field, Edmonton, South Mimms, and Monken Hadley, or some of them, in the County of Middlesex.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberties of Killejby, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners in the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in some Parts thereof, lie separate and divided by The Oxford Canal Navigation, and in other Parts thereof intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation,'are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it wrould be advantageous to the several Persons interested, if the said Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Knightley and Mr. Pozoys do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the several Parishes and Liberties of Whilton, Norton, and Brockhatt, or in all, some, or One of them, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested, if the said Fields, Lands, and Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respeiStive Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Knightley and Mr. Powys do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Proprietors of Lands within the Parish of Candlejby, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, certain Open Fields, Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, containing, in the Whole, Nine hundred Acres, or thereabouts, wherein the Lands of the Petitioners, and others, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are in general so inconveniently situated as to render the Cultivation thereof difficult andex-pensive to the respective Proprietors, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of much Improvement; and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the several Proprietors, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, in proportion to their respective Rights and Properties: And therefore praying. That Leave

mav

Killefbjr

Inclosure.

Whiltoti,

See.

Inclosure.

Candlefcy

Inclosure.

17 Geo. III. 2 Januarii.' 83

Whittington

Inclosure.

Wykeham

and

Caudwell

Inclosure.

Kidderminster

Roads.

may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House iliaJl seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord BrounlowBertie and Mr. Pelham do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Robert Lloyd, Esquire, a Minor, by John Sneyd and Peter Da, Esquires, his Guardians, John Mytton, Robert Godolphin Ozven, Watkin

Williams, William Oiven, Esquires, William,

George Warrington, Clerks, John Charlton Kinchant, Esquire, and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners o.f Lai vis and Estates within the Manor of Whittington, in the County of Salop, was presented to the House, and read; Setting lorth. That there are within the said Manor, certain Commons, or Waste Lands, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present State, are incapable of any Improvement; and that it would be advantageous to the Petitioners, and the several other Persons interfiled in the said Commons or Waste Lands, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specifie Allotments made to them, according to their several and respective Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests therein, and if the Petitioners were enabled to make Exchanges of any of their Lands and Estates within the said Manor: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons, or Waste Lands, and for enabling the Petitioners to make such Exchanges as aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hill, Mr. Baldwyn, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Molt noble John Duke of Rutland, Knight of the Most noble Order of the Garter, Impropriator of the Great Tythes, and a considerable Proprietor of the Lands and Grounds, in the Open and Common Fields of Wykeham and Caudwell, in the County of Leicester, and the humble Petition of the Reverend William Babington, Vicar, Thomas Frijby, and Edward Stokes, the Younger, Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the said Open and Common Fields of Wykeham and Caudwell, or otherwise interested therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That as well the Lands of the Townships of Wykeham and Caudxvell aforesaid, as also the Lands of the Petitioners, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels in and over the fame, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any Improvement; and that it would tend to the Advantage of the Proprietors of the said Fields, to have all the same divided and inclosed, and speciiic Parts and Shares thereof allptted and assigned to each Township and Proprietor, according to their respective Properties and Interests therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclolingall the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Grounds, within the Liberties of Wykeham and Caudr well aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Air. Hungerford, Sir John and Mr. Darker,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the Term, and to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty, for amending, w idening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market

Vol. 36.

House, in the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of Worrefer; and to repeal so much of Two Acts of

Parliament, of the Tenth of his late Majesty, and the Seventh of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road fro,m The Mitre Oak to a Farm House called Goodness, in the Parish of Hartlebury; and also from

to the Hamlet of Wribben hall, in the said County; and to discontinue the Powers of an Act, of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, so far as relate to the Road from The Cross of the Hands near Goodness Farm, to a Place called The Spout, in or near the Parish of and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, as well the Roads from Bewdley Bridge to Tit ton Brook aforesaid, and from the said Market House to The Mitre Oak aforesaid, and from the'Mill Street, in the Town of Kidderminster, to Slourport Bridge, and from the said Bridge to the Turnpike Road leading from ster to Bromsgrove, and from Warejley Green to The Cross Roads, on Hartlebury near M it ton; and

from the lioo Brook to a Place called Broadwaters, in the said County; as also the several Roads comprised in the said first-mentioned Act; and for reducing the Provisions and Powers necessary for those Purposes into One Act of Parliament, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question federally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Parish of Tempsford, in the County of Bedford, which Bill

was, upon Tuesday\a&, read the First Time,’and ordered to be read a Second Time;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think lit.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Ongley, the Earl of Upper &c.: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Pouys presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Ilolcot, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Stall Gate Close, at the South West End of the Town of Bedford, to the Town of Ampthill, and from the said Town of Ampthill to Woburn Park, in the County of Bedford; and also the Road branching out of the same in Kempfon Field, to the Turnpike Road leading from

Hitchin to the said Town of Bedford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Ongley, the Earl of Upper Offory, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lord

Tempsford,

Inclosure.

Holcot

Inclosure.

Bedford,

&c.

Road.

84 28* — 29° Januarii. 1777.

Lord George Henry reported from the

Knareft^rough Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Road*.8 Tmflees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, for repairing such Part of the Road (from the Town of Leeds, through to the South

West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, and from thence in Two Branches, one through Ripley, over Burage Green, and the other through Knaresborough and Boroughbridge)to Ripon, and from thence to the

First Rill of Water or Watercourse on Hutton Moor, in the County of York, and for repairing the Sloughs or Rutts on the said Moor; as lies between the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, through Knaref-borough and Boroughbridge aforesaid, and of several Gentlemen, Clergymen, Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the said County, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

' To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. James Collins, being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, with respect to such Part of the Road comprised in the said Act as lies between the South West Corner of the Inclosures o illarrogat(through Knaresborough)

and Boroughbridge;in doing which they have incurred

a considerable Debt: That the Money borrowed has been duly applied in repairing the said Road, which cannot be paid off, nor the said Road kept in Repair, unless the said Act be further continued, and some Amendments made thereto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 25th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds, through to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, and frdm thence in Two Branches (one through Ripley, over Burage Green, and the other through Knaresborough and Boroughbridge) to 12(pen, and from thence to the First Rill of Water or Watercourse on Hutton Moor, in the County of York, and for repairing the Sloughs or Rutts on the said Moor; so far as the same relates to the Road leading from the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate through Knaref-borough to Boroughbridge: And that Lord George Henri) Cavendish and Lord John Cavendish do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned Lift thd Names of Richard Milles and Abel Esquires,

being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

Sir Henry Gough, Baronet, Lord John Cavendish, Sir James Pennyman, Baronet, John Esquire, Tho-

mas Whitmore, Esquire, Robert Mackreth, Esquire, William Lygon, Esquire, John Ord, Esquire, Benjamin Allen, Esquire, John Darker, Esquire, Thomas Johnes, Esquire, the Honourable Thomas Francis Wenman, Thomas Edwards Freeman, Esquire, Richard Milles, Esquire, Abel Moyfey, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of the Honourable Bartholomew Bouvcrie, and also the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Borough of Shaftesbury, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Second CommitteeChamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, ,29° Januarii;

Anno 17® Georgii III*" Regis, 1777. Prayers.

TjRNEST Bernard Banning, John Centlivres, George William Soltau,- Gerhard Berck, Henry Albrecht Hammelburg, and Gunter Henry Kroger, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

The House being informed that Thomas Plumer Byde, Esquire, who has petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town of Cambridge, desires to withdraw his said Petition.

The House being also informed that the several Freemen of the Town of Cambridge, who have likewise petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Town, desire to withdraw their said Petition;

Ordered, That the several Orders, made upon the 25th Day of November lall, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration upon Turf day the nth Day of February next, be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Plumer Byde, Esquire, have Leave to withdraw his said Petition.

Ordered, That the said several Freemen of the Town oiCambridgehave Leave to withdraw their said Petition.

Cambridge

Election.

Eames’ Mr. James Worjley presented to the House, accord-Nsune. ing to Order, a Bill to enable John Eames, a Minor, andliis Issue, to take and use the Surname of pursuant to the Will of John Waiglit, Esquire, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Soltau’s, Mr. Elices presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing George William Soltau, Gerhard Berck, Heniy Albrecht Hammelburg, and Gunter Henry Kroger: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Shaftribaiy The Counsel and Agents, before mentioned, being Election. again returned to the Bar; the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, which had been ltruckby the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lilt of the Names of the Thirteen Members then H

A Petition of John Prejtou, Clerk, Rector of the Thornton Rectory of Fojton, in the North Riding of the County of Inclosure. York, and, as such. Owner of all the Tythes, Great and Small, and other Ecclesiastical Dues, within the Township o i Thornton, in the said Parish of Foston; Edward

Taylor, Clerk, Elizabeth GoddardaniHiordelia Goddard,

Spinsters, Owners of the principal Part of the Lands and Grounds within the said Township oiThornton, oi\ Behalf of themselves and the other Land Owners in the same Townlliip, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Township, divers Arable Fields, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, and a Common or Moor, containing in the Whole i,i5oAcres and upwards, which are open and uninclosed, and, in their present Situation, incapable of much Improvement; but that, if the same were divider! and inclosed, anda Compensation made in lieu of the Tythes thereof respectively, it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested: h ‘rein, and greatly improve their Estates; and that the Pet it ioners Elizabeth Goddard and

Cordelia

Eland

to

Leeds

Road,

Halifax, See. Roads.

17 Geo. III. 290 Januarii. 85

Cordelia Goddard arc likewise the Owners of Lajids and Hereditaments in the Township of Fojton, within the said Parish of Fcston; and it would be convenient to them, and advantageous to the said Rector, if the Tythes of such Lands and Hereditaments were extinguished, upon a Compensation being made out of the said Elizabeth Goddard and Cordelia Goddard's Allotments in the Lands at Thornton aforesaid, now intended to be divided and inclosed, and added to the other 'Lands to be allotted to the said Rector, within the said Township of Thornton: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting those Purposes, liibject to such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savilcand Lord George do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed for the Care of the Road leading from Eland to the Town of Leeds, in the AVftt Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act wasnaffed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his lateA'Iajesty King George the Second, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Eland to the Town of Leeds, in the AVeft Riding of the County of York; and that, for the Purpose of amending the aforesaid Road, several Sums of Money have been borrowed, which Hill remain due, together with a considerable Arrear of Intcrell and other Debts for Work and Materials; and that the said Road cannot be completed and kept in sufficient Repair, and the Debts contracted on account thereof be repaid, unless the Terms granted by the said' Act of the Twenty-sixth of his late Majesty be continued, and some further and other Powers granted: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as to the House shall feenr meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Savile, Mr. Frederick Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet upon Friday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for carrying into Execution certain Powrers therein contained, for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending, the Roads from Halifax, in the County of York, by Todmorden, to Burnley and Lit-lleborough, in the County of Lancaster, w as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That several Parts of the said Roads have been repaired and amended, or improved, and other Parts thereof diverted by the Purchase of Lands for that Purpose, with Money taken up at Interest, and charged upon the Tolls directed to be raised by the said Act, and the greatest Part of such new Roads have likewise been made; but the Residue thereof, together with some Part of the said old Roads, Hill remain to be made, repaired, and amended; and that, although by the said Act all Per-lbns liable to do Statute "Work on the Roads therein mentioned were, on doing Two Days Work in each Year, to be exempted from doing any more Statute Work thereon; yet, in regard great Part of such Roads have been altered, by being carried through private Property, and the rest being, before the making

Vol. 36.

of the said Act, subject to be repaired by several Owners or Occupiers of Lands contiguous thereto, Ratione Tenure, or otherwise, it hath become a Matter of Doubt whether the Persons so liable to do fuel) Statute AVork are, or ought to be, compellable to do any Part of such Work, in Aid of the said Tolls upon the said Roads so altered as aforesaid; and the Persons so liable, having taken Advantage thereof, have refused to do any Part of such AVork accordingly; and that the Tolls are insufficient for the Purposes of the said Act, and especially within the Term for which the Powers therein contained are directed to continue, and the rather as by the said Act the said Trustees are re-llrained from erecting Bars upon such Part of the said Road as lies between certain Places called Allowfcoles Rake and FetherJtaU.; and also between certain other

Places, called My thorn Bridge, up Rawtonjlall Bank, to

the Town of Burnley ;which hath been found less ad-

vantageous to the Purposes of the said Act, than if the same had been left to the Discretion of the Commissioners, in which, and in other Respects, the said Act is insufficient and defective: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term granted by the said Act, for increasing the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken, and for explaining and amending the Powers therein contained with respect to the several Instances aforesaid, and also in such other Respects as shall be found necessary for supporting and carrying the same into Execution.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Savile, Mr. Frederick Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet upon Friday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Combing Wool into Worsted Yam, and various Kinds of AVoollen Stuffs, residing in the Counties of York and was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That great Frauds are committed by the Spinners of Worsted Yarn, by reeling false and Short Yarn, and em-bezzling the Materials; and that the Laws now in being for punishing those Abuses are neglected and overlooked, for want of a more effectual Mode of carrying the same into Execution; and the Petitioners apprehend, that, in case Inspectors were appointed, whose Business should be to attend to deleft those Frauds, and fee the Laws carried into Execution, it would tend greatly to the preventing those Abuses, and the Encouragement of those Manufacturers: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Savile, Mr. Frederick Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet upon Friday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Thomas Spencer Wilson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing an Open Waite or Common, called Westergate Common, in the Parish of Aldingbome, in the County of Sussex: And the same was received: and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hungerford prefen ted to the House, according to

Z Order,

v. 9

Worded Yar* Spinners.

Westergatq

Inclosure.

Shcp&tad

luciofarc.

Hatherne

Inclosure.

Tanfor

Inclosure*

Thorpe

Malfor

Inclosure.

Bolsover

Inclosure*

86 290 Januariu . A. 1777.

Order,1 TFU for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Meadows, within the Parish of Shep/hcad, in the County of Leicester, and the Common Ground lying within the Ring Fence of the same Fields, , and adjoining thereto, within the same Parish; and also several Closes or Parcels of Land and Ground, called Carrs and Michaelmas Grounds, within the said Parish:

And the same was received; and read the Fir (I Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hungerford presented to the ITonfe, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, or Waile Grounds, within the I^ordship or Liberty and Parish of Hatherne, in the County of And the fame

was received; and read the First Time.

Reftdeed. That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Potvijsreported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of A 1774, relative to Bilb of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that, the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of 11 Acres of Land in the said Common Fields, who refuted to lign the Bill; and that the Whole of the said Common Fields intended to be inclosed confilts of 1299 Acres of Land; and that no Person, appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second d ime. One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Potcys reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Paf-tures, within the Manor and Parish of Thorpe Malfor, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, liad been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Copyhold or Customary Tenants, and other Land Owners, of the Manor of Bolsover, in the County of Derby, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the I louse, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor, within the Parishes of Bolsover aforesaid, and

M-

Cloten, in the said County of Derby, several Open Arable Fields, and Parcels Common and Waile Grounds, of large Extent; and that it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Persons interclied therein, if the said Arable Fields, and Common and Waste Grounds, were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursunnt to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish, Mr. and Lord Richard

Cavendish, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John IlyndeCotton reported from the Committee,

to whom the Petition of several of the principal Owners and Proprietors of certain Fen I^ands and Low Grounds, lying in the several Parishes of Sutton, and Chatteris, and in a certain extra-parochial Place, called ByalFen, within the lile of in the County of Cambridge, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and the other Owners and Proprietors of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills, of Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined, the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report, the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for draining and preferring certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the several Parishes of Sutton, Mcpal, Witcham, Chatteris, Doddington, and a Place called Byal Fen, in the Me of Ely, and County of Cambridge, and also in the Parishes of and Pidley zeithFenton, in the County of Huntingdon,

was read: And,

Mr. James Atkins, being examined, said. That the Fen Lands and Grounds directed to be drained by the said Act, and which lie in the Parishes of Sutton, Mepal, Witcham, and Chatteris, and in Byal Fen, contain, by Estimation, 6,800 Acres, or thereabouts.

That the Powers and Provisions of the said Act, so stir as they respect the said Lands and Grounds, have been found ineffectual and insufficient for draining and preserving the fame.

And it appeared by an Account produced by the Witness, that in May Taft the Sum of£. 4,472. as. was owing on the Credit of the said Act, betides feme Intcrclt; and that the Produce of the present Taxes amounts to £.518. 18 s.7 \dper Annum.

And the Witness further said. That by the Decay of the Banks, and other Works, the said Lands and Grounds are Hill subject to be overflowed; and that it, will require the Sum of£.8,084. 7 or there-

abouts, effectually to drain and preserve the fame, and at the same Time pay off the present Debt.

That, to the Witness’s Knowledge, the Lands exempted from Taxation by the said Act, lying near the Turnpike Road leading from to Chatteris,

and containing about 500 Acres, were, by the lait Flood, overflowed with Water up to the Turnpike Road; That those Lands will be equally benefited by draining, if not more so, than the other Lands, as being better Maud; and that it will be necessary to have some further Taxes made for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the fev eral " Parishes o fSutton, Mepal, W is, Dodd ing-

" ton, and a Place called Byal Fen, in the Me of Ely and

" County

SuttOD*

&C.

Drainage.

17 Geo. III. 29

8?

MiiWlefex

Scifion-bCuie.

" County of Cambridge, and also in the Parishes " of Sonler/hamand Pidleywith Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon," so far as the same relates to the Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the Parities of Sutton, Mepal, Witcham, Chatteris, and a place called

ByalFen, in the Isle of Ely: And that Sir Cotton and Sir Satnpfon Gideon do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

A Petition of ITis Majesty’s Julliees of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, in their General Session of the Peace assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by Letters Patent, dat d the 7 th of June, in the Seventh of the First, the King granted a Piece of Ground, tituate in John's Street, in the County of Middlesex (referring for a Way on every Side of the said Piece of Ground, Twenty Feet of Assize) to the Ufc of Sii The niu< and other Persons, then Julliees of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, and their Heir's, to the intent that the fame, and all Buildings to be erected thereon, should for ever be used as a Session Iloufe, oral lor the alfcinbling therein of the Justices of the Peace of the said County, and for the keeping of a Prison ot Correction House, in Manner therein expressed, to be holden of the King, His Heirs and Succ, elfors, as of the Manor of East Greenwich, in Fealty only, and Free and Common Socage; and that, loon after the Date of the said Letters Patent, the present Session House for the County of Middlesex, known by the Name of Hick's Hall, was built on the said Piece of Ground;

but, the same being found not spacious enough for a Prison and House of Correction, as well as a Session House, the Julliees purchased another Piece of Ground, in the Parish of Clerk enwell, and thereon erected the present Prison and House of Correction; and-King Janies the First, by other Letters Patent, dated the ioth of August, in the Seventeenth Year of his Reign, approved of having the Prison and House of Correction in Clerkemcell;and granted, that the Buildings so

erected in Clerkemcelllhould be a Prison and Gaol for the County of Middlesex; and that the said Building called Ilich's Hull hath been ever since the Erection thereof, and Hill is, used as a Session House, for the Julliees of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, for Meetings for the Administration of Justice, and other public Services of the County; and that, in the Construclion of the said Building called Hick's the Parts are so ill adapted to the Purposes of its Erection, that the Business of the Sessions h ah long been carried 0:1 under the greatest Inconveniences, and the Structure itself is now in a very ruinous State; and that the Justices has e not any public Fund out of which they can defray the Expence of repairing or rebuilding their Session House; audit is apprehended, that there is not any Provision, by the Laws in being, to authorize the railing Money lor this Purpose; and that the Justices, in their General Session of the Peace, holden for the said County, on Monday the 23d of December last, from the absolute Necessify of their Situation, did resolve, that it is necessary to build a new Session House, at an Expence not exceeding £.12,000; and that a lit and proper Session House for the said County might be created where the present one stands, provided the Julliees were impowered to take in a final! Part of the public Highway there adjoining, and which would prove no Inconvenience to the Inhabitants of the said Street, or the public Passage: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to rebuild the said Session House for the County of Middlesex, and to take in so much and such Part of the said public Highway, near the said Session House, as may be necessary for the new Session House; and also to raise a Fund for the Purposes aforesaid; and also to enable them, from time to time, to repair V OL.36.

such new Session House; or that the House will grant them such Belief as shall feern meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr, Darker, &c.: And they are to meet upon Friday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, anil Records.

Lord John Cavendish presented to the House, according to Ord^r, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Knareiboro* an A6>, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign Roads, of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, and from thence in Two Branches (one through over Burage

Green, and the other through Kn and Boroughbridge) to Rijwn, and from thence to the First Rill

of Water or Watereourse on Hutton Moor, in the County of York, and for repairing the Sloughs or Butts on the said Moor; so far as the same relates to the Road leading from the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate (through Knaresborough) to Boroughbridge: And the same was received; and read the Firit Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Right honourable Thomas Bruce Newlham Earl of Ailesbury, Lord of the Manor of Neusham, in Lclosure. the Parishes of Kirkby Ravenfworthand Barningham,

in the North Riding of the County of York, and of several Freeholders and Owners of Lands, lying within the Town 111 ip of Newsham aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is, within the said Township, a Stinted Pasture, called Newsham Town Pasture, and also, several Common and Waste Lands, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the said Stinted Pasture and Common and Waste Lands were divided and allotted amongst the Petitioners and the several other Persons interested therein, the same might be greatly improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Stinted Pasture and Common and Waste Lands, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Charles Dundas and Sir George Savile do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of James Dutton, Esquire, Lord of the ^hl roe Manor of Shireborne, with Windrujhannexed, in the wind ruth County of Gloucester, Patron of the united Vicarages Iaclofur*. thereof, and Impropriator of the Great Tythes, and Proprietor of all the Lands in Shireborne aforesaid (except some'Glebe Lands and Commons belonging to the said Vicarage), and also Impropriator of the Great Tythes, and principal Owner of Lands and Other Estates in Windrush, the Reverend Joseph Clerk, Vicar of the said united Vicarages, Thomas Broad, Gentleman, Edioard Brad/haw, and Thomas Hands, likewise Owners and Proprietors of Estates in Windrush, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting lorth. That there are, within the said Manor, several Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, which lie contiguoully, and also a large d raft of Waste Ground, called Windrush Downs, containing about 650 Acres; and that the different Properties lie intermixed, and, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and that it will be very advantageous to the several Proprietors, to have

Perooud’s

Nat.

American

Colonies.

88

laid Lands divided, exchanged, and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Rules and Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Blackwell, Sir William Gui/e, and Mr. Chester, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Marcellbi Pemoud, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to brin^ in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Lea to be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Elzces and Mr. Winchcombe Hartley do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The House being informed that Mr. Weston (Solicitor for the Revenue Affairs in Ireland) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders of the 6th Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament,

Copies of all Entries that have been made, in the several Ports in Ireland, of Goods and Merchandize that have been exported from thence respectively for North America; also Cockets, or Permits, that have

passed for shipping of Goods into any Ships taken into His Maj city’s Service, bound to North , fiuce

A.ijj.

passing the Act for prohibiting all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies of New Hampjliirc and Massachusett's Bay, &c.: And also,

A Lift of the Ports, and Officers thereof, who have made Returns to the Revenue Board in Ireland, that no Entries have been made, or Cockets or Permits passed, in their Ports respectively, for Goods or Merchandize to be exported to North America, fmee passing the said Act.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Copies and Lift were read.

Ordered, That the said Copies and Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copies and Lift are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Surplufes, Hated the 5th Day of 1776: And also,

Surplufes, stated the 10th Day of October 1776.

And the Titles of the said Surplufes were read.

The said Surplufes are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstra£bi thereof are as followeth; viz.

290 Januarii.

abstract

Surplufti.

ABSTRACT of the said SURPLUSES,

<1

O

t-

co

cr>

D

eg"

--h

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

Oo

00

FT

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fund

Dr.

To Surplus Monies arisen within the Half Year ended the 5th Day of April 1776; viz. Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account (Folio 1.)

D° of the South Sea Company’s Fund, brought from Account (Folio 2.)

D°of the General Fund, brought from Account (Folio 3) -

To Monies brought to this Account on the 5th Day of April 1776, pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament in that Behalf, viz.

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Act 40 Georgii 2di, for the Service of the £. s. d.

Year 1731, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 2$° Georgii 2dI - - - 15,994 —

Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted per Acts 160

Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to D°..... 10,126 — —

Surplus of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Act 180 Georgii 2 s, for the

Service of the Year 1745, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - - 18,772 2 6\

Surplus of the Duties on Glass, and Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 19° Georgii

2di, for the Service of the Year 1746, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - - 30,431 9 8

The Duty on Coaches, granted by an Act 20° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1747,

brought to this Account pursuant to D° --- ----- 46,120 — —

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 210 Georgii a*1, for the Service of the Year 1748, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - - - 181,721 3 5J

The Duty of 6d. per Ounce on Wrought Plate, granted by an Act 6° Georgii inn, for the

Service of the Year 1720, brought to this Account pursuant toD° - — —

The Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in or vending Gold or Silver

Plate, granted and made a Part of this Fund, by an Act 32* Georgii 2di - - - 2,943 — —

Surplus of the Duties on Houses, and Windows, granted by an Act *6° Georgii 3lil, and the

Arrears of the Duties on Ditto, repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act -.....-.....112,199 11 J

The Duty of 3/. 4d. fer Bushel on Salt, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 26°

Georgii 2* ,.....----- -117,574 4 8|

The Duty of izs.per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted by an Act 10° Georgii 2^, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 270 Georgii 2M - 4,522 — —

Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act a Georgii 2^, for raising the Sum of 1,250,000l. by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of Englandbrought to this Account pursuant to an Act 28° Georgii 2^ - - - 38,076 3 4

Surplus of the Duty upon Coals, continued by an Act i° Georgii 2df, for raising the Sum of ^.1,750,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 28° Georgii 2dl - - 15*321 a

The Duty on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other excise-ble Liquors, brought to this

Account pursuant to an Act 29° Georgii 2^ - -- -- - 22,853 — —

The additional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pursuant to one other

Act 290 Georgii 2^ - - - 5,883 — —

The several Rates and Duties payable by all Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, having; certain Quantities of Silver Plate, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 29* Georgii 2^ - - - - -7,146 — —

To the additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers, granted by an Act 30° Georgii

2*®, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 320 Georgii 2d' 37,249 — —

To the additional Duty upon Coals exported, the like ----- 4>945 " 3

To the Surplus of the New Duty on Licences to retail Wine, the like - 2,674 12 10J

To Ditto of the Duty on Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors, the like 21*567 — —

ted the 5th Day of April 1776.

Per Contra Cr.

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Half £. d.

a Year’s Interest, at £.3 per Centum per Annum, due the 5th of January 1 776, on the principal Sum of £.37,770,924. is. 9\d. to which the Sum of £. 39,281,521.

5x. t\d. charged on this Fund (being Part of £. 39,781,521. 5s. i\d. made one Joint Stock of Annuities, by several Acts of Parliament) is reduced, by abating from the same £. 1,510,597. 3/. 3!d. for a proportional Part of £. 1,529,825, subscribed and redeemed in punuance of the Acts 120, 140, and 15° Georgii 3tU - - - 566,563 17 2J

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year - - 10,54* 3 8*

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to ‘pay Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5th Day of April 1776, being after the Rate of £.5 per Centum per Annum, on tde principal Sum of £.18,353,773. 16s. 4J. to which £.19,183,323. i6j. 4 d. charged on this Fund, by the Acts 250 Georgii 2dl, and 50 Georgii 3th, is reduced, by abating from the same £*829,550, subscribed and redeemed in pursuance of the Acts 120, 140, and 150 Georgii 3tU - - *75*3°^ 12 *£

By Ditto for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year - - 5,161 19 n£

By the South Sea Company, to pay Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5th Day of January 1776, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum on £. 1,919,600, to which £. 2,100,000, borrowed on Credit of this Fund by an Act 240 Georgii 2dl, is reduced, by abating from the same £. 180,400, subscribed and redeemed in pursuance of the Acts 12°, 140, and 150 Georgii 311 - -- 28,794 — —

By Ditto for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year..... 539 '7 9

By Calli taken to answer Annuities on lingle Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 300 Georgii 2*, and charged on this Fund by an Act 320 Georgii act, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of January 1776 - - - - 14,117 — —

By Calli taken to answer Annuities on Lives with the Benefit of Survivorship, payable at the Exchequer, granted and charged on this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3^, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day ol April 1776 ---- 270 — —

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Half a Year’s Annuity, due the 5th Day of April 1776, on £. 18,986,300* to which the principal Sum of £.20,240.000 (made one Joint Stock of £. 4 per Centum Annuities by an Act 20 Georgii 3til) is reduced, by the Sum of£.1,253,700 having been subscribed, for £. 3 per Centum Annuities, with the Advantages attending the same pursuant to an Act 10° Georgii 3ui - - 379,726 ——

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year - 5,339 17 u*

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Annuities granted per Acts 1° and z° Georgii 3UI, for 99, and 98 Years, which were made one Joint Stock of Annuities, from the 5th Day of January 1764, by an Act 40 Georgii 3tU for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of January 1776 - - 124,125 — —

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year - 1,745 10 if

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the several Annuities payable in respect of £.4,980,772. 3j. 3\d. remaining unredeemed of £.5,000,000, borrowed by virtue of an Act 310 Georgii 2^, for the Service of the Year 1758 (which Management was, by a Clause in the said Act, charged on this Fund), for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of January 1776- - - - 1,400 16 IO

00

NO

17 Geo. III. 290 Januarii.

To the Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes Imported, granted by an Act 32® Georgii a^, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 33° Georgii a*1

To the additional Inland Duty on Chocolate, the like -

To the additional Inland Duty on Coffee, per Acts 32® Georgii 2dl and 50 Georgii 3d1 -

To the Surplus of the Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 24° Georgii 2di, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 2° Georgii 3til -To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by Acts 33° Georgii idI, and 6® Georgii 3ul, brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 20 & 6° Georgii 3,u To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 20 Georgii 3 n, and brought to this Account, pursuant to the same Act -

To the Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 33° Georgii 2^, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 2® Georgii 3d1- -

To the additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, granted by an Act i° Georgii 3tU, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 40 Georgii 3lU -

To the additional Duties upon the Exportation of Coals, and of several Ea/l-India Goods, &c. granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3di To the additional Duties upon Policies of Assurance, the like -To the additional Duty upon Italian Silk, Crapes, and Tiffanies, imported, granted, and made a Part of this Fund by sn Act 6° Georgii 3d1 -

To the additional Subsidy upon East India wrought Silks, &c. granted and made a Part of this Fund by one other Act 6° Georgii 3tU - -

To the additional Duties upon Broad Linen Cloth and Drillings imported, granted, and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 70 Georgii 3^ -

To the additional Duties upon Wines imported, granted by an Act 3° Georgii 3111, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act, 8° Georgii 3d1 - -

To the Duties upon Cyder and Perry, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3t;i, brought to this Account pursuant to the above Aa 8° Georgii 3 d1 -

*33^9 !3 l®

2,077----

1,663 — —

26,172 — —

169,990-----

30,106 — —

63,764 —

253.064 — <

24»335 4

69I — —

3,000----

8,305 9 9 4,388 1 3

27,12019 4

+)8a6 — -r

..... — 1,449,280 l8

7x

£ 2,769,309 9 4}

o

eg'

n'

CD

Q_

CT

o

o

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of January 1776, of the

Fund for Payment of Annuitie/ granted by an Act 31° Georgii 2", which, by a O

Clause in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be

granted in Parliament - -- - 20,503 13 5$

By Cash takeu in full of 1,915,552. i6r. u|</. granted by an Act 15° Georgii

3tU, towards the Supply of the Year 1775.....354,728 19 ij

1,788,868 I 2 i

By Cash remaining in the Exchequer oil the 5th Day of April 1776, for the Dif-

position of Parliament - - 4- - 980,441 1

.2,769,309 9 41

This being the 107th Half-yearly Account, made ,up pursuant to an Act 9° Georgii ^,n, (Page 367) is humbly presented, this 29th Day of January 1777, by me.

Grey Cooper,

K>

Vl

c

h

CO

o>

ABSTRACT of the said SURPLUSES, stated the 10th Day of October 1776.

D

(a

n'

CD

Cl

Cr

o

o

eg

rT

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fund ——

To Cash remaining the re on the 5th Day of April 1776, for the Disposition of Parliament To Surplus Monies arilen within the Half Year, ended the ioih Day of OJoba 1776; viz. Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account (Folio 1)

D° of the South Sea Company’s Fund, brought from Account (Folio a)

D#of the General Fund, brought from Account (Folio 3)

£ * d.

887,611 15 3

156,958 4*4,1

Dr.

£ ' 980,441 1

d.

H

S» 3 4

13 16 6$

To Monies brought to this Account on the roth Day of 1776, pursuant to

the several Acts of Parliament in this Behalf; viz.

£. s. d.

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Act 4* Georgii act, for the Service of the Year 1731, brought to this Account pursuant loan Act

250 Georgii 2dl - .....20,08a 13 8

Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted per Act 160 Georgii 2^, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - - 19,092 4 4

Surplus of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Act 180 Georgii 2^, for the Service of the Year 1745, brought to this Account pursuant to D° ... . - - - - 31,536 18 10

Surplus of the Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 190 Georgii zdl, for the Service of the Year 1746, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - 33>95! " "

The Duty on Coaches, granted by an Act 20° Georgii 2<u, for the Service of

the Year 1747, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - 52,958 17 9

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 21°

Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1748, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - - - . - - - - -151,960 17 6'

The Duty of 6d. per Ounce on wrought Plate, granted by an Act 6° Georgii I. mi, for the Service of the Year 1720, brought to this Account pursuant

to D° - - - - # — -

The Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in or vending Gold or Silver Plate, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 32° Georgii 2dI " - 18 3

Surplus of the Duties on Houses and Windows, granted by an Act 6°

Georgii 3tU, and the Arrears of the Duties on D°, repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act - - . - - -117,972 12 i£

The Duty of 3/. 4d. per Bushel on Salt, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 26° Georgii 2dl -- - - - - " - 124,897 9 —

The Duty of izj. per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or Foreign Fruit, or Sugar, granted by an Act 10° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 270 Georgii 2di - - - - " " 5»7®4 " —

Surplus of the additional Duty on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 20 Georgii 2^, for raising the Sum of £ 1,250,000 by Bale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 28° Georgii 2dl - - - -; - 45»2°9 4 Si

Surplus of the Duty on Coals, continued by an Act i° Georgii 2^, for raising the Sum of £. 1,750,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England\ brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act 28° Georgii 2di 35,316 11 i{ The Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Air, and other exciseable Liquors,

brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 290 Georgii 2^ ~ 29,644 ® 2

The additional Duty on Cards and Dic^brought to this Account pursuant

to one other Act 290 Georgii 2* - - - ~ T. " 7j3^2 9 "

1,468,684 15 ij

Per Contra

Cr.

By the Chief Caflrer of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ to pay Half a Year’s Interest, at £. 3 per Centum per Annum, due the 5th Day of July 1 776, on the Principal Sum of £. 37,770,924. is. 9}d. to which the Sum of£. 39,281,521.

5s. 1 id. charged on this Fund (being Part of £.399781,521. 5/. 1 \d. made one Joint Stock of Annuities by several Acts of Parliament) is reduced, by abating from the same £.1,510,597. 3/. 3\d. for a proportional Part of £. 1,529,825, subscribed and redeemed in pursuance of the Acts 12°, 140, and

150 Georgii 3rli..... - 566>S63

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time - 10,545 By Ditto, to pay 3 Months Interest, after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Armumy due# the 5th Day of July J7 76, on £.1,550,000, being the Amount of £. 1,400.000 subscribed for Annuities (Part of £.2,000,000 borrowed pursuant to an Act 160 Georgii 3tU) together with the additional Capital of £. 7. 10/. to each £.70

d.

>7

3

2}

84

- 11,625----

contributed, and by the said Act directed to be added' to the above Capital of £.37,770,924. is. 9\d. from the 5th Day of April 1776 -By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Half a Year’s Interest, due the 10th Day of October 1776, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, on the Principal Sum of£ 18,353,773. 16/. 4</. to which the Sum of £.19,183,323. i6j. 4d. charged on this Fund by the Acts 250 Georgii 2^ and 50 Georgii 3tU is reduced, by abating from the same £.829.550, subscribed and redeemed in pursuance of the Acts 120, 140, and 150 Georgii 3 d1 - 275,306 T2 if-

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time By the South Sea Company, to pay Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5th Day of July 1776, being after the Rate of £.3 per Centum per Annum, on £.1,919,600, to which £. 2,100,000 borrowed on Credit of this Fund by an Act 240 Georgii 2dl, is reduced, by abating from the same £. 180,400, subscribed and redeemed in pursuance of the Acts 120, 140, and j 50 Georgii }tl1 -

Bv Ditto for Charges of Management of these Annuities, for the same Time -By Cash taken to answer Annuities on single Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2di, and charged on this Fund by an Act 320 Georgii 2dl, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of July 1776 -

By Cash taken to answer Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, payable at the Exchequer, granted and charged on this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3d*, for the Half Year ended the 10th Day ol Oftber 1776 -

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Half a Year’s Annuity, due the 10th Day of October 1776, on £. 18,986,300, to which the principal Sum of £.20,240.000 (made one Joint Stock of £.4 per Centum Annuities by an Act 20 Gcoigii 3d1) is reduced, by the Sum of £. 1.253,700 having been subscribed for £.3 per Centum Anruities, with the Advantages attending the fame, pursuant to an Act 10° Georgii 3d1 -

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Annuities granted per Acts i° and 20 Georgii 3 rd, for 99 and 98 Years, which were made one Joint Stock of Annuities from the 5th Day of January 1764, by an Act 40 Georgii 3ul, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of

1776.....t ‘....

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the several Annuities, payable in respect of £.4.980,772. 3s. $\d. remaining unredeemed ^f £.5,000,000 borrowed by virtue of an Act 310 Georgii 2df, for the Service of the Year 1758, (which Management w as, by a Clause in the said Act, charged on this Fund) for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of July 1776 ——

5,16119 n|

28,794 —

539 »7 9

14,079 15 — 270 — —

-379,7*6-----

5,339 *7 »»$

124,125 —

i,74S to

NO

1,400 16 10 1' M

17 Geo. III. 290 Jamarii.

g

eg'

r-f

n'

CD

Q.

cr <

10

2

___k

Theteveral Rates and Duties payable by all Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 290 Georgii 2dl - - - - 5»39^ " —

To the additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 320

Georgii 2dl,.....41,956

The additional Duty on Conls exported, the like - - 8,129

The Surplus of the new Duty on Licences to retail Wine, the like - 10,706 D° of the Duties on Licences to retail Spirits, the like - 20,603

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 320 Georgii 2^9 brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 330 Georgii 2*' - " - - *33»933

The additional Inland Duty on Chocolate, the like - - - - 1*279 '

The additional Inland Duty on Coffee, per Acts 32® Georgii 2^9 and 50

Georgii 3U4 - - - -. 1,656

The Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 24° Georgii adi,

brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 20 Georgii 3d1 - 37*893

The Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted by Acts 330 Georgii 2^, and 6° Georgii 3ui, brought to this Account pursuant to Acts a° and 6°

Georgii 3di ----- - -215,093

The Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 20 Georgii 3d1, and

brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act ..... 40,544

3 5

The Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 330 Georgii 2^, and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 20 Georgii 3lil -The additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, granted by an Act ic

286,015 — —

Georgii 3lil, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 40 Georgii 3lli - 280,009 — —

The additional Duties upon the Exportation of Coals, and of several East India Goods, &c. granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3tU ——

The additional Duties upon Policies of Assurance, the like -The additional Duties upon Italian Silk* Crapes, and Tiffanies, imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 6° Georgii 3liI The additional Subsidy upon East India wrought Silks, Csic. granted and made a Part of this Fund by one other Act 6° Georgii 3;ii - -

The additional Duties upon Broad Linen Cloth and Drillings, imported, granted, and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 70 Georgii 3lil The additional Duties upon Wines imported, granted by an Act 30 Georgii 3lii, brought to this Account pursuant 10 an Act 8° Georgii 3Ui The Duties upon Cyder and Perry, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3tU, brought to this Account pursuant to the above Act 8° Georgii 3til -The additional Duty on Coaches, Sec. granted by an Act 160 Georgii 3t!i, and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act -The Additional Stamp Duty on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and on News Papers, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the fame

Act....

The additional Duty on Cards and Dice, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act -

8,304

949

18 2\

«7 —

— 13 3 9,000 — — - 41,070 1 5

: »!>647 -

4.497-----

13.763

1*362

4 — 4 4

1,854,168 6 3$

To Cash brought from the Supply for the Service of the Year 1776, pursuant to an Act 16° Georgii 3th, to replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1775, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act, made in the Thirty.-fjrft Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, King George the 2d ——

3>32*>8Si

44,096

« S

S i°l

3,366,949;

C. 4.347.390 *

By Ditto, to reimburse Fees paid for Warrants and Orders at the Treasury, 8cc, and to

the Auditors of the Impresss, for examining, auditing, and ingrossing Accompts of

Dividend Warrants for £. 3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, the £. ^\ptr Centum Annuities, granted Anno 1758, and the Long Annuities, for One Year, to the 5th Day of July 1774, and the Reduced Annuities and £, 4 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, for One Year to the 5th Day of April 1774 - - - - 9,518 1 8

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the jth Day of July 1776, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities granted by an Act 31* Georgii a-1, which, by a Clause in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament - -- -- 24,095 19 11}

By Cash taken towards the Supply of the Year 1776, pursuant to an Act 160 Georgii 3tU, being the Surplus of this Fund which remained for the Disposition of Parliament on the 5th Day of April 1776 - - - - 980,441 I if

By Cash taken further towards the Supply of the said Year* pursuant to the said Act.....1,837,428 3 10

4,276,706 17 af

By Cadi remaining in the Exchequer on the 10th of O&oher 1776, for the Disposition of Parliament .....7°*^ 3 u

£ 4.347.39° 8 5

This being the 108th Half Yearly Accompt made up pursuant to an Act 9» Georgii i mi (Page 367) is humbly presented this ,9th Day of January 1777, by me,

Grey Cooper.

LLLi y mvnuv£ 06z

Account ordered; Staking Fund.

Supply.

J7 Geo. III. $9° Januarii. 93

Ordered, That the said Sutplufes do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Money remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of January 1777, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Surplufes, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other 'Revenues, of the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, after satisfying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for the Year 1777; That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his. Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: where the same was read; and is as followed!} viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for the Year 1777.

Pay to 30,840 private Men, at ir. each, 28 Days -

D° to 70 Adjutants, at 6s.a Day each -

D* to 1,542 Serjeants, at x s.a Day each ——

D° to 1,20b Drummers, at 6 d. a Day each -

For additional Pay to 30,840 private Men, lor going to the Place of Exercise and returning, calculated upon an Average of Days Pay each Man -Additional Pay to 70 Serjeant Majors, at is.6 a Week each -

--- to 70 Drum Majors, at Gd.a Day each -

D*------- to 1,542 Corporals, at 6d. a Day each, 28 Days

Salaries for 70 Battalion Clerks, at £.50 a Year each -

Allowances to Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings, computed at -D* — — to each Regiment, Battalion, and Independent Company, for contingent Expences, at the Rate of 6 d. per Month for each private Man and Drummer -Clothing for 30,840 private Men, at £. 1. 10s. each - .

D*---- for 1,542 Serjeants, at £.3. ior. each....

D°---- for 1,200 Drummers, at £.2 each -

For additional Pay for Clothing 54 Serjeant Majors and 54 Drum Majors, at £. 1 each - -

Subsistence to 498 Captains, at js. 6d. each per Day, for 28 Days - -

Subsistence to 561 Lieutenants, including 2 Lieutenants to Grenadier Companies, at 3-r. 6d. each, for 28 Days - -

* — to 435 Ensigns, at'3$. each, for 28 Days

£. s. d.

43,176-----

7,665-----

28,141 10 —

10,950 —

6,168 .

455 ,

638 15 —

1,079 8 —

3,5°°

4,000 —

10,023-----

46,260-----

5,397 :----

2,400 — —

108----

5,229-----

2,748 18 — 1,827----

179,766 xi —

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted . to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the.Lift of the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, entitled to receive Half Pay iit Great Britain, with au Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1777, be referred to the feud Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1777, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the OutPensioners o iChelfea Hospital, for the Year 1777,

be referred to the said Committee.

’ Vojl. 36.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of the new Roads of Communication, and building the Bridges, in the Highlands of Britain, pursuant

to the Orders of his Grace the Duke of for the

Year 1777, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died on the Establishment of Half Pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th of December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1777, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Allowances to Widows of Officers, who have died on Half Pay, for the Year 1777, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

B b Sir

Pay and Ctoth^g.

African

Company*

Hindoo

Election.

94 29* — 31

Sir Charles Wlutioorth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions} which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

lle/olved. That this I Ioufe will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 1 Ioufe, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Petition of the Committee *of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have laid before the 1 Ioufe, an Account of the Money granted for the Year 1775, examined and passed by the Cursitor Baron of the Exchequer, as required by an Act of the Twenty-third of George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " extending and improving the Trade to /* and

that they have inverted the Money granted in 177 6, for the Support and Maintenance of the Forts ana Settlements on the said Coast; and that, the said Forts and Settlements having been delivered to the Petitioners in a very bad State by the Royal African Company, and the Sums annually granted by Parliament being nearly expended in the tivil and Military Establishments, leaving very little for the Repairs of the said Forts, several of them still remain in a very ruinous Condition; and that the I Ioufe, in the Year 1772, granted the Sum of £.2,400 to finish the Repairs of Cape Coast Castle; but, in the Progress of the Work, the Walls of the Fort were found in so very decayed a State, and so many Defects difc&vered, that the Petitioners have been unavoidably led' into the Expence of a much larger Sum, and the Repairs of the said Fort still remain unfinished, nor can the Petitioners proceed therein until the House shall enable them; and that, at the End of December 1775, the Officers and Servants in Africa had advanced for the Public Service about £.7,000 more than the Petitioners have been enabled to repay them; and that the said Officers have further advanced about £. 1,200 to the Inhabitants of Lagoeand Two prin-

cipal trading Towns on the Coast of Africa, in order to preserve the Commerce of those Towns to the t

Nation, which Advance the said Officers pray may be repaid them; and that the Expence of Freight and Insurance on the Goods and Stores sent to Africa this Year will amount to near /. 1,000 extraordinary; and that the Petitioners, being sensible of the great Regard shewn by the House for the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa: Therefore pray the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Sum for the necessary Support and Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, for repaying the Officers and Servants the several Sums of Money advanced by them, and likewise for the Repairs still wanted, as shall feein meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Hopkins, from the Select Committee, who wer£ appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Richard Bedford, Esquire, and also the

14

Januarii. A. 1777.

Petition of the several Persons whose Names aro thereunto subscribed, who reflectively have a Right to vote in the Election of Members to represent the Borough of Hindon in Parliament, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House, that the said Select Committee have determined.

That Richard Smith, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts:

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined.

That Richard Beckford, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts:

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined, . '

That the last Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Hindon, was a void Election.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his "Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Richard Smith, Esquire, whose Election for the said Borough has been declared void.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to inquire into, and prepare, in order to be laid before this House, a Report of the general State of the Trade to Africa, the Condition of the Forts and Settlements there belonging to the African Company, and in what Manner the several Sums of Money granted by Parliament for maintaining and supporting the fame, have been applied.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of the House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council. j

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 31* die Januarii;

Anno 17* Georgii IIIUI Regis, 1777.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Owners of Lands;

and Proprietors of Grounds, and others, interested in the Common and Open Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Compton Bishop ,in the County of Somerset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is, within the said Manor and Parish, an Extent of Common or Waste Lands (already embounded by a Ring Fence) which is computed to contain in the Whole about 300 Acres, in which the Petitioners have a Right of Common; and that the said Common, in its present Situation, is capable of very little Improvement; and it would tend

greatly

African

Company.

Way* and Means.

Compton

Bishop

Inclosure.

Tanfor

lndofure.

Naffiagtoa,

&c.

Inclosure.

Worsted Yam

Spinners.

Butt Lane, 4c. Road.

*7 Gec*. III. 31° Januaril.

greatly to the Advantage of all Persons' interested therein, if the same was divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That I^eave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Surfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Ir. Core and Mr. Pkelips do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Tanjbr, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Tanfor, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Knightley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Knightley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common, and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Naffmgton, Apethorpe, and

Woodnewton, within the Prebend or Peculiar of Naffington, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

llefolved. That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Sevennight, the ioth Day of February next.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Combing Wool into Worsted Yarn, and various Kinds of Woollen Stuffs, residing in or near the Towns of Manchester and Rochdale, in the County of Lancaster, and that Part of the County of Chester which adjoins to the said County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed. Application is intended to be made, for an Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of Combing Wool into Worlled Yarn, and all the various Kinds of Worlled Goods made therefrom; and that the Petitioners are advised, such Act is- meant only to extend to the Counties of York and; and that

the Petitioners, the Manufacturers residing in or near the Towns of Manchester and Rochdale, having great

Part of their Worlled Yam spun in the said County of Chester, and the other Petitioners Manufacturers in the said County of Chester, apprehend, if the said proposed Act was made to extend to the said County of that the same would tend greatly to the Encouragement of Trade in those Parts: And therefore praying, That, if such proposed Act be carried into a Law, the same may extend to, and include, the Manufacturers residing in the said County of Chester.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Manufacturers of Combing Wool into Worlled Yarn, and various Kinds of Woollen Stuffs, residing in the Counties of York and Lancaster, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition-and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of several Trullees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Fourth and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Southernmoll Part of Butt Lane, in the Parish of Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Lawton, and from thence to Henshall Smithy, upon. Cranage Green, in the said

Vol. ?, G.

County, and of several other Persons who have ad* vanced and lent Money on the Credit of the said Acts, was presented to the House* and read; Setting forth. That the Trullees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit thereof, which have been applied in repairing the said Roads, and other the Pui^ poses of the said Acts; and that the Money so borrowed Hill remains due, and the same cannot be repaid, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and the said Acts amended and made more effectual: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Acts, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Egerton, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. *

A Bill for naturalizing Emejl Bernard Banning, was read a Second Time.,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elwes, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for naturalizing John Centlivres, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elwes, Mr. Hartley, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Ebves presented to the House',' according to Order, a BH1 for naturalizing Marcellin Pernoud: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Hynde Cotton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen " Lands and Low Grounds, in the several Parishes of Sutton, Mepal, Witcham, Chatteris, Doddington, atld " a Place ealled ByalFen; in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, arrd also in the Parishes of Somer/iarti " and Pidleywith f'entoh, in the County of

" don/ so for as the same relates to the Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the Parishes of Sutton, Mepal, Witcham, Chatteris, and a Place called Byal Fen, in the Me of Ely: And the same was received j and read the First Time. ' ’

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Timie.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemeh, Tiand Owners', Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Parishes of’ Bro/elei) and Sutton Maddock, and several other Places adjacetttj, in the County of Salop, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and, read; Setting forth. That the said Parish of Bro/eley, and the Parts adjacent, lying on and near to the River Severn, are very populous, and full of Mines and Manufactures, and, the Town of Bro/eley lying in a centrical Situation between the Counties of Stafford, Warwick, Derby, and Leicester, and several Parts of South and North Wales, the Petitioners apprehend, that, if a Bridge was erected across the said River, at or near Preens Eddy, in the said Parish of Bro/eley, to or near The Sheejrwa/h in the said Parish of Sutton Maddock, with proper Avenues or Roads to and from the same, the Inhabitants of the said

Parish

Banning*!

Nat.

Contlivrcfc*

Nat.

Fertioud*

Nat.

Sutton,

4c.

Drainage.

Severn

Bridge

at

Procn’s Eddy.

Thorner

IocJofure,

Halifax, Ac. Small Debts.

96 310 Januarii. . A. 1777.

Parisho f Brofeley, and other Parts adjacent, would be more plentifully supplied with Provisions than at present; the Mines and Trade of that Part of the County of Salop would be thereby greatly benefited and accommodated 4 a more short, easy, and commodious Communication would be opened between the several Counties and Places aforesaid; and the same would be of great public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for creeling a Bridge across the said River , at or near the said Place called Preens Eddy, to or near the said Place called The Sheepwafi, and for making proper Avenues or Roads to and from the same, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Methuen, &c.:

Ami they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at

Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and

have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Commons or Waste Grounds, Open Common Fields, Undivided Inclosures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Thorner, in the West Riding of the County of Yoand the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of, or Traders within, the feverat'Parishe.s of Halifax, Bradford, le\), Bing ley, Gufeley, Calverley, Bat ley, Mir-

field, Hartjkedd cum Clifton, Kii'kheaton, Ahnondhury, Kirkburlon, and Huddersfield, ;and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House,-and read; Setting forth, That very extensive Trades. and Manufactures are carried on by Persons residing or dealing within the Parishes and Lordship or Liberty aforesaid, many of whom frequently contract Debts under Forty Shillings, and also Debts of Forty Shillings and upwards to Five founds, which make, in tfye Whole, a large Sum of Money yearly, and although well able, yet often refuse to pay, presuming on the Difficulties- their Creditors lie under by the great Expence they are unavoidably put to, and the Delays they frequently meet with in suing the irpebtors; and that an Act for the Recovery of Debts under Forty Shillings, in a summary Way, within the.parishes and Lordship or Liberty aforesaid^ and for extending the Power of the Courts Baron within the same for the Recovery of any Sum or Pep, not exceeding Five Pounds, would, very much contribute to promoteIndustry, support and encourage useful Credit, apdbe a jgreat Advantage, to the Petitioners, and pthers,.iivipg or trading within, the.Districts or Places aforesaid: And therefore praying, That, Leave may he given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of suchpebts within the several Parishes and Lordship or Liberty aforesaid, under such Rules and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir George SavHe, Mr. LafccUes, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham-l»er; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, within the Manor and Parish of Thorpe Malfor, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures within the Manor and Parish of Thorpe Malfor, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, 1'hat Mr. Knightley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Governors of the Hospital of Saint Thomas the Apojlleof the Foundation of Edward the Sixth late King of England, Lords of the Manor of

Tibjhelf, in the County of Derby, and of the several Freeholders and Land Owners of Tibfielf aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Parish of Tibjhelf, several Parcels of Open, Arable, Meadow, ami Failure Ground, containing together about 100 Acres, lying intermixed, and in small Parcels, and Two Pieces of Common or Waste Ground, called The and

The Nether Moor, containing together about 350 Acres;. and that it would be a great Advantage to the Persons interested, if the said Arable, Meadow, and Failure, and Common or Waste Grounds,.were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor dividing and inclosing the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Polhill, Lord George Cavendish, and Mr. Jackson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, Toftlleads, Open Common Fields, and Inclosed Lands, in the Parish of Surfeet, in the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, belonging to the said Parish, several Open Fields, Meadow Grounds, Common Fen, Common Marsh, and other Commonable Lands, containing 1,600 Acres or thereabouts, which lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and also be of ppbljc Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House jlhall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given; to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr., Pelhayit Lord Broivnloio Bertie, and Mr. Vynery do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Reverend Griffiths, Clerk,

and Robert Peach, Gentleman, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, and otherwise interested, in the Qpen and Common Fields, Common Pastures, certain Common Meadows (called Meadow and

Barnes's Meadow.) and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parishes of St. Giles, St. Sejmlchre, St. Lawrence, and St. Andrew, in or near the Town of Northampton, in the County of Northampton, feme or one of them, and which are commonly called Northampton Fields, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, and others, in the said Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Lands, and Grounds, lie intermixed, and dispersed in ftnall Parcels, and, in their presentSituation, are

incapable

Thorpe

Malfor

Incbsure.

Tibflielf

Inclosure.

Surfleet

Inclosure.

Northampton

inclosure.

African

Company.

Combe

Bridge

Road.

Dei by

TO

Braftngton

Road.

17 Geo. III. 31 " Jamarii. 97

incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it will be very advantageous to the several Persons en» titled thereto, if the said Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Lands, and Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and l'pecifieShares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors thereof, in lieu of and in proportion to their several and respective Rights and-Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for div iding and inclosing the said Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Cecil Wray and Mr. K do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Mr. Comptroller of the Houshold reported to the House, That their Address of Wednesday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the Commissioners for Tradeand Plantations, to inquire into’, and prepare, in order to be laid before this House, a Report of the general State of the Trade, to Africa, the Condition of the Forts and Settlements there belonging to the African Company, and in what Manm-r the several Sums of Money granted by Parliament for maintaining and supporting the same have been applied) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Goddard presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for widening and repairing the Road from " Combe Bridge, in the County of to Brad-

" frrd, \nthe County of Wilts; and from thence through

" IlilpcrtoU, and so far over Common as to join

" the Road which leads from Steeple Ashton to "bridge; and also the Road leading from Bradford.

" aforesaid to C'xkhill Gale, in the said County of " Wit's;" and for amending and widening the Road from the Town of Bradford aforesaid, to Wing field Common; and from Pip/iet Street in the said Town, to

The Three Oaks on Bradjbrd Leigh Common; and from thence through U'oolly, to join the / Turnpike Road on Fcruurds Common;and also the Road from Starerton Bridge, through Holt, to FJlbridge, in the Pari1 It of Bradford aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejblvcd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the Trullees for executing so much of the Three several Acts, made in the Eleventh and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his said Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the down of Derby, in the County of Derby, as relates to the Road lending from Bridge,

in the said County of Derby, through the Town of ])erby aforesaid, to the Town of Brajington, in the said County, and of several Persons who have advanced Money upon the Credit of the Tolls arising upon the said Road, was presented to the House, and read; Seiting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded to execute the said Avis, so far as the same relate to the said Road leading from Bridge to Bras-

fingfon; and that a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls arising upon the said Road, wdiich is still due; and that the said Acts are deficient, and several further Powers and Provisions are necdTary; and that the Term of the said Acts is near expiring; and that, unless the Term and

VOL. 36.

Powers of the said Acts, so far as the famfe relate to the Road from Cavendish Bridge to Brajington, are continued and enlarged, the said Road cannot be completely put in Repair, nor the Money borrowed, be repaid: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Acts, so far as the same relate to the said Road between Cavendish Bridge and Brajington aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

A Petition of William Dutton, of Shireborne, in the County of Gloucester, Esquire, was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth. That James Lenox Dutton, late of Shireborne aforesaid, Esquire, the Petitioner’s late Father, deceased, by his last Will and Testament, bearing Date the 8th Day of September One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four (amongst other Things) did give and devise all and every his Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, with the Appurtenances, situate and being in the County of Meath, within the Kingdom of Ireland (other than and except as therein is excepted) unto the Petitioner, by the N<nne of William Dutton, his Second Son, and his Assigns, during his nat* Lift:, without Impeachment of Waste, Reiv.andci ..w L L ol Trustees therein named, and their Heirs, in Trust, to ftrp-port the contingent Uses and Estates thereinafter limited, Remainder to the First and other Sons of the Body of the Petitioner, in Tail Male; Remainder to the Tef-tator’s Third Son, Ralph Dutton, and his Ash 4ns, during his natural Life, without Impeachment of Waste; Remainder to the Use of his said TiulVes, and their Heirs, in Trust, to support contingent Uses; Remainder to the First and other Sons of the Body of the said Ralph Dutton, in Tail Male, with divers other Remainders over; Remainder to the right Heirs of the said Testator forever; and that the said Testator did, by his said Will, provide and declare, that the said Devise unto the Petitioner,.and to his First and other Sons, and Ifl'ue Male, and unto his Son the said Ralph ton, and his First and other Sons, arid Liue Male, of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, in the said County of Meath, should be upon Condition, that they should respectively, when they should be entitled in Possession to the said Estates by virtue of his said Will, or the Limitations therein contained, afTume and take upon himself and themselves respectively the Surname of Naper only, and by that Surname, and no other, should, from thenceforth, and at all Times thereafter, continue to ltyle and write himself and themselves respectively, upon all Occasions whatsoever, and use and bear the Arms of A and also should, within Twelve Calendar Months next after he or they should respectively come into Possession as aforesaid, endeavour to obtain an Act of Parliament for ufmgand continuing the said Surname and Arms of Naper, and for establishing and confirming the same upon him and them respectively, and the Heirs Male of his and their Body and Bodies respectively; and that on the Decease of the said James Lenox Dutton, which happened on the 8th Day of September last, the Petitioner entered into the Possession of the said Estates so devised to him, and is desirous of complying with the Condition and Directions of the said Will: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable Rim, and his Issue, to take and use

C c the

Dutton1#

Name*

Ji Jahuarii. 1777.

Hie Surname and Arms of Naper only, and to make the Exemplification Of the said Will, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, legal Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity, within the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Blackwell, Sir William and Mr. , do prepare and bring in, the fame.

Eftijpatei, Jrc. presented; Colonial EfUhlishments.

Mr. Gascoyne, from the Commissioners for Trade and

Plantations, presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

N° 1. Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Island of Saint John, in America, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the ill of January 1777 to the ill of January 1778: And also,

N° 2. Estimate of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1777: And also, x

N° 3. Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental

Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1776 to the 24th of June 1777: And also,

N° 4. Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1776 to the 24th of June 1777: And also,

N° 5. Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1776 to the 24th of June 1777: And also,

N° 6. Estimate of the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Year 1777: And also,

N° 7. Estimate of the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establiiliment of the Government of Senegambia, on that Part of the Coast of Africa

situate between the Port of Sallee, in South Barbary, and Cape Rouge, for the Year 1777.

Together with a List of the said Estimates.

And the said Lift was read. 1 The said Estimates are as followeth,

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Bland of Saint John, in America, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the ift of January 1777 to the ift of January 1778.

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief - - - -....

To the Salary of the Chief Justice.....-----

To the Salary of the Attorney General -

To the Salary of the Secretary and Register -

To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands -

To the Salary of a Minister of the Church of England ....

To the Salary of the King’s Agent - -....

To the Salary of the Clerk of the Crown and Coroner -....

To the Salary of the Clerk of the Council ——

To the Salary of the Naval Officer - -- --....

To the Salary of the Sheriff or Provost Marshal ....

To the Salary of a Schoolmaster....

To an Allowance for a private Secretary, and for Dispatch Boats to and from the Continent, and also for Stationary, Firewood, Sic. Sic....

1,000 400 200 300 180 150 150 120 80 100 100

5°

170

j. d.

3,000-----

ESTIMATE

i7 Geo. III.

31a Januarit.

99

I ST I MATE of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s

Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1777.

To an additional Salary to the Governor ——

To a Salary to the Chief Justice ——

To a Salary to the Attorney General -

To an Allowance to the Secretary for himself and Clerks -

To an Allowance to the Naval Officer -

To an Allowance to the Regilier ——

To an Allowance to the Surveyor of Lands, and for other contingent Expences attending that Establishment -

To the Salaries of a Secretary ami Meifenger to the Council -

To the Hire of a House, and other contingent Expences attending the Secretary’s Office To sundry Stipends and Allowances for lloul’e Rent to the Ministers and Schoolmasters in the different Distri&s of the Province -

To an Allowance for Eire-Wood for the Use of the Governor’s House and Public Offices ——

To the Expences of a Pilot Boat -

To the Salary of the Agent -

To the Salary of the Treasurer - -

To the Expence of the Orphan I Ioufe ——

To an Allowance to Mrs. How, who, after long and meritorious Services of her late Husband, is left destitute under Age and Infirmity - -

To an Allowance for a Magistrate in the Island of Breton -To an Allowance in Aid of the Duties granted by the Legislature of Nova Scotia, for the Maintenance and Support of a Light-Houl’e near the Entrance of the Harbour of Halifax ——

.To an Allowance upon Account for Fees, to be paid upon Orders, for the Receipt and upon the Issue of the Monies granted upon this Estimate - -

To Michael Franklin, Esquire, Superintendant of Indian Affairs in the Province of Nova Scotia ——

i£ s. d.

500-----

500-----

182 10 — 262 10 — 182 10 — 182 10 —

15 —

96 12 — 52 6 —

440 -

288 15 — 203 x —

200-----

50----

384 X 5

100----

100----

100-----.

15°-----

3°o -

4,596 10 5

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1776 to the 24th of June 1777.

To the Salary of the Governor -

To the Salary of the Lieutenant Governor -

To the Salary of the Chief Justice -

To the Salary of the Secretary -

To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands -

To the Salary of the Receiver General of the Quit Rents

To the Salary of the Attorney General -

To the Salary of the Provost Marshal - -

To an Allowance for a Minister of the Church of England, and Two Schoolmasters To the Salary of the Agent for the Affairs of the Colony -To an Allowance for Fees - -

£ S\ d"

1,000 -

300-----

500-----

100-----

I50 -

100 —: —

150-----

100-----

116-----

200-----

100-----

2,816----

Vor.. 36.

ESTIMATE

*oo

31° Januarii.

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1776 to the 24th o 1777.

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief -

To the Salary of the Chief Justice ——

To the Salary of the Attorney General -

To the Salary of the Secretary and Clerk of the Council - -.

To the Salary of the Register ——

To the Salary of the Receiver General of the Quit Rents -

To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands - - - -.- - - - -

To an Allowance for an Assistant ——

To the Salary of the Agent -

To a Minister at Saint Augustine ——

To a Minister at Smyrna -

To a Schoohnaft^r -

To the Salary of the Provost’Marshal *

To an Allowance for a Pilot established at Saint Augustine - -

To an Allowance for unforeseen Expences ——

To an Allowance for the Purchase of a proper Assortment Of Goods for Presents to the Indians, and other contiiigent'Expences relative to that Service - .

1,200

5°° LSO 150 100 100 120

3°

200

100

100

5°

too

5°

2.000

1.000

s.

d.

5,95° -

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1776 to the 24th of June 1777.

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief -.....- - -

To the Salary of the Chief Justice - ....

To the Salary of the Attorney General -

To the Salary of the Secretary and Clerk of the Council -

To the Salary of a Register -

To the Surveyor of Lands and an Assistant ——

To the Salary of the Agent -

To the Salary of a Minister at Pensacola-----

To the Salary of a Minister at Mobillc -

To a Schoolmaster at each of the above Places, at £. 25 each -

To the Salary of the Provost Marshal ——

To an Allowance for unforeseen contingent Expences.....-

To an Allowance for a Purchase of a proper Assortment of Goods for Presents to the Indians ——

To the Salary of the Receiver General of the Quit Rents -

£ d.

1,200----

5°o-----

150-----

150-----

100-----

150 — ‘----

200-----

100-----

100-----

50-----

100-----

2.000 -

1.000 -

too----

1

5,900-----

ESTIMATE

17 Geo. Ill

310 Januarii.

101

ESTIMATE of the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America,

for the Year 1777.

To an Allowance to a Deputy Surveyor of Lands at Quebec, during the Time Major Holland, Chief Surveyor of the Northern District, is employed in His Majesty’s Service ——

To John Peachy and Roger Mall Holland, Two di fabled Soldiers, left to take Care of the Instruments for their Subsistence, at 1 s.3 d. per Diem each -

To Mr. De Braham, for his Support in Georgia, being under Imprisonment by the Rebels at 1 os. per Day ——

To his Assistant under the same Predicament ——

To Major Holland, Chief Surveyor of the Northern District, now in his Majesty’s Service at New York ....

To Mr. George Herbage, Assistant to Major Holland, he being now in England, at 5 per

Day....

To an Allowance upon account of Fees, to be paid upon Orders, for the Receipt and upon the Ifl’ue of Monies granted upon the Estimate -

To an Allowance for defraying the Expence of making Copies for the Use of the Public Offices, of the Maps and Plans returned by the Surveyors, and for preparing them for Publication ——

To Jo/ephFrederick Wallet Des Barres, Esquire, on Account, for his Expences in engrav-

ing and publishing several Plates from Surveys taken of different Parts of the Coast of North America, being Part of a general Work undertaken by Direction of Lord Viscount

£ s-

d.

100-----

45 15 ~

182 IO

9l 5 —

182 IO --

91 5 —

290----

100-----

Hoive

2,000-----

2>993 5

ESTIMATE of the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishment of the Government of Senegambia, on that Part of the Coast of Africa situate between the Port of Salle, in South Barbary, and

Cape Rouge, for the Year 1777.

To a Salary to the Governor ....

To a Salary to the Chief Justice -

To a Salary to the Superintendant of Trade at James Fort, in the River Gambia To a Salary to the Secretary of the Province -

To an Allowance to Two Ministers -

To an Allowance for a Schoolmaster at Saint Lewis ....

To a Salary to the Secretary for Moorish Affairs -

To an Allowance for Repair of Forts, and other contingent Expences -

To the Expence of an armed Sloop to be employed under the Command of the Governor

To a Salary to an Agent for the Affairs of the Province -

1,200 -

400 -

200 -

200 -

200 -

50 -

IOO -

2,000 -

1,000 -

200 -

5>55°-----

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the , Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Accounts The House being informed that the Chamberlain of from the the City of London attended at the Door; he was called :Ih*"\bfr in; and, at the Bar, prefetited to the House, pursuant on" to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

Vol. 36.

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London, on the 5th July 1776: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid for building and completing the Bridge at Blackfriars, from the 28th Day of September 1775, exclusive, to the 28th Day of September 1776, inclusive: And also,

Dd An

Accounts from the Chamb. of London.

Letters of Marque; America* Colonies.

Supply.

f 02 318 Januarii. ’ 1777.

An Account of Money received and paid for rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate, from the 28th Day of September 1775, exclusive, to the 28th Day of September 1776, inclusive: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid for embanking the North Side of the River within

certain Limits, from the 28th Day of September 1775, exclusive, to the 28th Day otS 1776, inclusive: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid for making, enlarging, &c. the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the City of London, and for paving, cleansing, and enlightening the said City, from the 28th Day of September 1775, exclusive, to the 28th Day of September 1776, inclusive: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid on account of the Tolls on London and Bridges, from the 28th Day of September 1775, exclusive, to the 28th Day of September 1776, inclusive: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid for repairing the Royal Exchange, from the 28th Day of September 1775, exclusive, to the 28th Day of September 1776, inclusive.

And then he withdrew'.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

T*he said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session. ' .: ‘

I '

A Bill for enabling the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great to

grant Commissions or Letters of Marque to the Commanders of private Ships and Vessels, to take and make Prize of all Ships or Vessels, apd their Cargoes, belonging to or possessed by, any of the Inhabitants of the Colonies of New Ilampshire, Mqflachnfct's Bay, Rhode

Island, CimncSticut, New York, New Jersey,

the Three Lower Counties on Delate are, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, for a Time to be limited, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to aCommittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Sir Grey Cooper accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the'Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow? eth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Five ThousandTwo hundred Seventy-nine Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon account, towards defraying the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ninety-three thousand Six hundred and Sixteen Pounds Eight Shilling6'and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon account of the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven hundred Fifty-four

l7

Pounds Twelve Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred and Seventy Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, as died upon the Establishment of Half Pay in Great Britain, and were married to them before the.Twenty-fifth Day of December, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixteen, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Nine hundred Ninety-seven Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon account of the Expences of the new Roads of Communication, arid, building Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven.

The said Resolutions being feveraHy read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Motion was made. That the Report which wras made from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for the Year 1777, be referred to the said Committee.

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty recomrrierids it to the House, to make such Provision for. defraying the Charges of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for the Year 1777, as they shall- think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee. ’

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker teftthe Chair.'

Sir Grey Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Grey Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had com© to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please.to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Grey Cooper also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Floufe, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Reverend Arthur Onslow, Chaplain to this House,

for the Sermon by him preached Yesterday, before this Floufe, at St.Margaret's, Westminster, .

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House,

Ditto.

Chaplain*

Ways and Mean3.

Exeter

EU&ion.

17 Geo. III. 3 r° Januarii. — 3 . 103

House, to confuler further of Ways and Means for Ordered, That the said John

railing the Supply granted to His Majesty. Esquire, have Leave to withdraw his said Petition.

Ordered, That the said several Persons, Freemen of And then the House adjourned till Monday the City of have Leave to withdraw their said

Morning next, Ten of the Clock. Petition.

Lun<sy 30 die Februarii;

Anno 170 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1777. Prayers.

JOT ARC E L LIN Pernoud and Willem Vlught toot the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

A Messagefrom the Lords by Mr. Pcc/;tV/apd‘Mf.

Earner: r '

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Crouch Hill for repairing and widening the Road from a Place to called Crouch Hill, in the Parish of to the R0'ad]S

Turnpike Road leading from Brigh to Cuck-field, and from the East Side of the said Turnpike Road to the Town of Ditchling, in the County of S'uffex,. without any Amendment. -

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that John Burrhlge The House being informed that Mr. from

Chohoich, Esquire, who has petitioned this House, the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; complaining of an undue Election and Return'for the and, at the Bar, presented to1 the House, pursuant to City of E.rc/£T,desires to withdraw his said Petition; their Order,

The House being' also informed that the several An Account of the Money remaining in the Receipt Account Persons, whose Names are subscribed to a Petition of the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of January 1777, presented to this House, being Freemen of the City of for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Surpluses, Fund*8 Exeter, likewise complaining of an undue Election Excesscs, and Overplus' Monies, and other Revehues, anti Return for the said City; desire to withdraw their of the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, after said Petition; satisfying all the Charges and Incumbrances fhere-

Ordered, That the several Orders, made upon the ' upon.

22d and 27th Days of November last, for taking the And then he withdrew.

fairl Petitions into Consideration upon Thursday next, And the Title of the said Account was read.

be discharged. The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of Money remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the 5 th Day of January 1777, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Surplufes, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, of the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, after satisfying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon.

The MONIES remaining in the Receipt of Exchequer, on the 5th Day of January 1777, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Surplufes, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, of the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, after satisfying the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, amount to the Sum of Two hundred Ninety-five thousand Eight hundred Thirty-two Pounds Eighteen Shillings and

Six Pence Three Farthings, vizi.

Surplus on the 10th Day of October 1776 Surplus on the 5th Day of January 1777

Exchequer, the 3d Day of ' February, 1777.

£. s. d.

" 70,683 11

- .: - - 7 4

£.295,832 18 6|

Edw. Wilford.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Clapham A Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed to Church. pUt jn Execution an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ".An " Act for vesting a Piece of Waste Ground within, " and Parcel of, the Manor of Clapham, in the County Vojl. 36.

" of Surrey, in Trustees, and for enabling them to " build a new Parish Church thereon," whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, but find that the Sum of £. 6,000, which they are thereby impowered to raise, is not sufficieiit for carrying the said Act into elseftuad Execution; And therefore praying,

That

104

3* Februarii. 4. r 777.

That I-cave may be given to bting in a Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, for carrying the said Act into effectual Execution, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Sir Joseph Maivbey,

tic.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Poole Gate’ A Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in ^oa<3*' Execution an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for . " repairing and widening several Roads leading from " a Gate called Poole (rale, in the Town and County " of Poole j," and also of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, " for repairing and widening several Roads leading " from a Gate called Poole , in the Town ana " County of Poole and also of the Inhabitants of the said Town and County of , whole Names are thereunder subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied in repairing the said Roads, and carrying the said Acts into Execution; and that great Progress hath been made in the Repairs thereof; but that the Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair for the future, and the Money owing on the Credit of the said Act be paid off, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and some further and other Powers given; and that the Streets or Roads leading from the said Gate called Poole Gate, into and through the Street called High Street, belonging to the said Town and County, to a Place called The Town House, in Poole aforesaid, are very ruinous, and much out of Repair, narrow in many Places, and dangerous to Travellers, and cannot be effectually repaired, widened, cleansed, and paved, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of the said Acts, and for repairing, widening, cleansing, and paving; the said Streets or Roads, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bond, Mr. Scaioen, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Poole, See. A Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in *oad* Execution an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " explain, alter, and amend, an Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from between the " Second and Third Mile Stones, on the Turnpike " Road between the Town and County of Poole, and " 'Winbom Mmfter, in the County of Dorset, to Bratton

" Comer, in the County of and for repairing

and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road " in Brianfton, to or near a House called Fontlercys Farm " House, in the County of Dorset;" and also of several Persons who have lent and advanced Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising within the Roads, was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed the Sum of £. 2,400 upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which hath been applied in repairing the said Roads, and great Progress hath been made in the Repairs thereof; but the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, and the Money owing on the Credit of the Tolls arising within the said Division paid off, unless the Term of the said Act is further continued, and some further Powers granted: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it it is referred to Mr. Bond, Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed in and by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening several Roads leading from and near " the Town of Brcivton, in the County of and also of several Persons who have lent Money on the Credit of the said Act, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees appointed by the said Act have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit thereof, which, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act; but that the Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and the Money already borrowed repaid, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act are extended and enlarged, and the said Act amended, and made more effectual; and that the Street or Road from the North End of Coombe Street, along Patioell Street, to the South or South East Side

of Dymonds River, is in a ruinous Condition, and in

many Places narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended and kept in good Repair by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill ‘for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act, and for amending and making the same more effectual, and for extending the Provisions thereof to the above last mentioned Street or Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr P/telipMr. Scaioen, &c.: And they are to meet lb-morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed in and by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Road leading from the Eighteen-Mile " Stone, beyond Willoughby Hedge, through the Town > " of Mere, in the County of Wilts, and through " canton, to Charleton Horethorne, and from thence to " Milbom Port, and from Willoughby Hedge aforesaid,

" to the West End of Long Lane, in Kilmington, and " from incanton aforesaid, to the Turnpike

" Cross Gate, on Cattle Hill, and from Wine anion to " Sparkford, in the County of Somerset," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees appointed by the said Act have borrowed a

considerable

Brewto*

Roads.

Willoughby

Road.

17 Geo. III. 3 Februdri 105

considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit thereof, which, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act; hut that the Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and the Money already borrowed repaid, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act are extended and enlarged, and the said Act amended and made more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for extending and enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to than, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

HuntfpUl A Petition of William Saunders, Richard Gould, Coffin* ton William Came, James Jeffery, William Body,

inclosure, Keen, and others, whole Names are thereunto sub-

ttc. feribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, known by the Names of Eastern Little Moor, Hackney Common, Hill Slow Way,

Southfield Common, West Slow Way, Sout/ifield Common, West Hill Heath Common, Muiry Common, otherwise Moor Row, Common, Cold

Withy Common, otherwise Outer Bally, Middle Bally, Withy Wall, otherwise Inner Bally, Dotts Common, Coat Commons. , Salt Worth, Primer Hill, Ringjlones Hill, Long Pound Common, Guard Lane, Parker s Lake Common, Thorn's Common, Stole's Greens, and Gall Hill, lying in the Parish of in the County of

Somerset, and also Land Moor, otherwise Coat Moor, and G old Corner, containing by Ellimation Acres,

lying in or near the Parishes of and

in the County of Somerset, and likewise all other the Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of HuntfpUl aforesaid; and that the Petitioners and others have night of Common in, over, and upon the said several Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands; and it would be advantageous to all Persons interested to have the same divided, allotted, drained, and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, draining, and inclosing the fame, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Phelips, Mr. Scawen, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Enfield The Lord Hyde presented to the House, according Chafe to Order, a Bill for dividing the Chafe of Enfield, in the lodofure. county of Middlesex , and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

A Motion being made. That the Bill be read a Second Time;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, ac-.. quainted the House, that llis Majesty, having been

informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Caikttn ttode A Petition of John Buxton, Esquire, Lord of the lack.lure. {*everaj Manors of Bun, with

Vojl. 36.

the Members, Perishall in Bunnwand Banyard's Hall, in Iladcfton, and also Patron of the Advowson and Rectory of the Parish Church of Carleton Rode, in the County of Norfolk, the Reverend John Buxton, Clerk,

Rector of the said Rectory and Parish Church of Carle-ton Rode, and of several other Owners of Estates in the said Parish of Carleton Rude, entitled to certain Rights of Common within the said Parish, W'as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several old Whole Years Inclosures, Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that if the same were divided, and specilic Allotments thereof made to the Petitioners, and all other Persons, according to their respective Rights,

Shares, and Interests therein, the same might be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, under such Regulations as the House shall think just and reasonable.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Edward Aftlcy, Mr. Bacon, and Mr. Coke of Norfolk, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and King’* Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of King's Measurn, in the ParHh of Moreland, in the nc u

County of Westniorcland, was read a Second Time.

llefolved, That the Bill be committed to General Honywood, Mr. Luther, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Isaac Martin Pebow, Esquire, was Rebow’* presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Name. Matthew Martin, of Wivenhoe, in the County of Essex,

Esquire, deceased (the Petitioner’s late Grandfather) did, by his last Will, bearing Date the Twenty-third Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-eight, give all his Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of aforesaid,

and also all his Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, lying and being in the Manor or Parish. of Alresford, in the said County of Essex, and all his

Manor of Alresford, with its Rights, Members, and

Appurtenances, and also the Lands lying in Elmftcad Parish, adjoining to and intermixed with his Farms in Alresford Parish, to certain Trustees, in Trust, for the Use of his Son Samuel Marlin, and his Assigns, for the Term of his natural Life, with divers Remainders over, with Remainder to the Petitioner, by the Name and Description of his Grandson Isaac Martin Rebow, for Life, with Remainder to his Fitft and other Sons in Tail Male, with Remainders over, upon Condition that the Petitioner, and all and every other Person and Persons, not bearing the Surname of Martin, when they should respectively come into and be in the Possession of the said Premises, or any Part thereof, by virtue of the Limitations aforesaid, should use and bear the Surname of Martin, and should, with all convenient Speed,

procure an Act of Parliament for that Purpose; and in case any of them should refuse or neglect so to do, the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, should forfeit all the Estate or Benefit by virtue of any of the Limitations aforesaid, and that the same should go to the next Person in Remainder complying with the Will of the said Testator; and that the said Testator isfuice , dead, and the Petitioner is now in Possession of the Premises, or some Part thereof, by virtue of the Limitations in the said Will; and is desirous to take and use the Surname of Martin, pursuant to the Will of his said Grandfather; and that the same should be confirmed upon the Petitioner by Act of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring

E e jn

Ho] cot In do lure.

Mrlbourn

and

Storthwaite

Inclosure.

106 3° Februa. 1777.

in a Bill to enable the Petitioner to take ami use the whom the Petition of several of the Commissioners ap-

Surname of Martin, pursuant to the Will of the said Matthew Marlin, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Luther, General Honyicoodand Sir John Griffin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosinsf the Open ami Common Fields, Common Past tires, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of ami within the Manor and Parish of llolcot, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Knight-ley, Mr. Powye, &e.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of John Danser, Lord of the Manor of Melbourn with S/orthwaite, in the Parish of Thornton,

in the Eall Hiding of the County of and the

several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of antient Meflliages, Cottages, Tofts, or Frontsteads, and Lands, in the Townships of Melbourn and Storthwaiteaforesaid, was presented to the house, and read; Setting forth. That there are, in the said Township of Melbourn, divers antient Messuages, Cottages, 'lofts, or Frontsteads, and old inclol'ed Lands or Grounds, several Open Common Fields, and uninclosed Carrs, Meadows, or Ings; and that the Lands of the respective Proprietors therein are intermixed, and dispersed in final! Parcels; and that, by Exchange of the said antient Mefihages, Cottages^ Tofts, or Frontsteads, and old inclosed Lands or Grounds (with the Consent of the Proprietors) and by a Division and Inclosure of the said Open Common Fields, and uninclosed Carrs, Meadows, or Ings, freed from the Payment of all Tythes, the same may be much improved, and made more convenient to the Proprietors; a id that, in the said Township of Storthwaite, are di% ers anticut Messuages, Cottages, Tofts, or Frontsteads and old inclosed Lands or Grounds, and several uninclosed Carrs, Meadows, or Ings, wherein the Lands of the Proprietors are intermixed and dispersed; and that, by Exchanges of the said antient Messuages, Cottages, 'lofts, or Frontsteads, and old uninclosed Linds or Grounds (with the Consent of the Proprietors) and by a Division and Inclosure of the said uninclosed Carrs and Meadows, or Ings, freed from the Payment of all Tythes, the same may be much improved, and made more convenient to the Proprietors; and that there are, in the said Townships of and Storllncuite, Two Commons, or Parcels of Waste Ground, the one called RoJ's Moor, containing 1,400 Acres, or thereabouts, and the other called Melbourn Common, or EaJfMoor, containing 400 Acres, or thereabouts, whereon the Proprietors of certain antient Messuages, Cottages, Tofts, or Frontsteads, in the said Townships of Melbourn and jointly inter-

common, which Commons are, in their present State, of filial! Value, and incapable of considerable Improvement; but, if the said Commons or Parcels of Walie Ground were div ided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted, freed from all Tythes, to, and veiled in, the several Persons interested therein, it would be very advantageous to them, and of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above and other Purposes therein to be mentioned, under such Restrictions and Regulations as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. Spencer Stanhope do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to 17

pointed by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for carrying into Execution certain Powers therein contained, lor diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending, the Roads from Halifax, in the County of York, by Todmorden, to Burnley and Lit/leborough, in the County e>i Lane after, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had

been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: \Vhere the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read. And,

Mr. William Midgley, being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, and a great Progress hath been made in the repairing, widening, and altering the said Roads. And,

Mr. Thomas Sayer, being examined, said. That the Sum of £.6,925 has been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act, which Hill remains unpaid; and that there is an Arrear of Interest for the said Sum, amounting to £.2,414; and that, unless the Term of the said Act is further continued, and the Tolls thereby granted considerably increased, the Money now' due and owing as aforesaid cannot be paid off, and the said Roads, kept in Repair.

And the Witness added. That Doubts had arisen, with respect to the Performance of the Statute Work to be done'on the said Roads; and that the said Act is in many Respects defective; and that it is necessary to give several further and other Powers to the Trustees, to enable them effectually to repair the said Roads.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending, the Roads from the Town of Halifax, and from Soicerby Bridge, in the County of York, by Todmorden, to Burnley and Little-borough, in the County of And that Sir

George Savile and Mr. Spencer Stanhope do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Meadows, within the Parish of Shepshead, in the County of Leicester, and the Common Ground lying within the Ring Fence of the same Fields, and adjoining thereto, within the same Parish; and also several Closes or Parcels of Land and Ground, called The Carrs, and Michaelmas Grounds, within the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ilun-gerford. Sir George Robinfun, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, w ithin the Lordship or Liberty and Parish of llatherne, in the County of Leicester, was. re^td a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hungerford, Sir George Robinson, & tv: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of the Open and Common Field, Commonable Land, and Tythes, lying and arising within the Field, Liberties,

Territories,

Halifax,

&e.

Roads.

Shepshead

Inclosure.

Hatherne

Inclosure.

Lucifer shall Inelofure-

Bmirton

inclosure.

17 Geo. III. 30 Februati 107

Territories, and Precincts, of in the County of Buckingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, in the Liberties, Territories, and Precmrls aforesaid, One large Open and Common Field, called Ludgrrshall , eoniilting of Fifty-three Yard Lands, and containing together 1,800 Acres, or thereabouts; and the Petitioners and others are the Owners and Proprietors of all the Lands, Grounds, Pastures, Commons, and Tytlics, lying and ar'ftin^ within the Field, Liberties, Territories, and Preempts, of Ludgershall aforesaid; and the Petitioners

and divers other Land Owners, in respost of their several Lands and Grounds, are entitled to, and do enjoy. Common of Paliure for their Cattle in, over, and upon, the said Open and Common Field, by a determinate Stint, and in a certain Proportion, exclusive of all other Persons whomsoever; and that the said lc-veral Lands and Grounds of the Petit ioners and others, Land Owners and Proprietors of the said Open and Common Field called Ludgershall Field, lie intermixed, and difnerfed in small Parcels in and over the fame, and are most of them inconveniently situated, bvreason whereof a sufficient Quantity of Manure and Compost cannot, without great Difficulty and Expence, be conveyed to the fame, nor frequent Trespasses and Disputes among the Proprietors and 'their Tenants be prevented; and, so long as the said Common Field and . Commonable Land lie open and uninclosed, the same produce but little Protit to the Proprietors and Owners thereof, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that the Petitioners and others. Owners and Proprietors of the said Open and Common Field, Commonable Land, and Tythes, are, desirous that the said Open ami Common Field and Commonable Land may be divided and inclosed, and that specific Parts thereof may be allotted to the Proprietors respectively and.in Severalty, in lien of, and in proportion to, their several and respective Lands, Grounds, Conunon Light, and Interest, in the said Premises; and that the making such Division, Allotments, and inclosures, will tend greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners and the several Parties concerned, and be a great Improvement of their respective Properties and Inten ds: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing, assigning, and allotting, the said Open and Common Field and Commonable Land, and for Inch other Rebel in the Premises as to the House ilia.11 seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Juhn St.John and Mr. Grenville do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of the Common Field and other Commonable I^mds lying within the Tounlliips of Great Bourton and Little Bourtun, in the Parish of in the County of

Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Set-' tingforthjThat there is, in the Tow nships and Liberties of Great Bourton and Little Bourton aforesaid. One Large Open and Common Field, culled Btntrfmi.Common Field, eoniilting ol Fifty-l'even Yard Lands and an Flair, and containing together 1,500 Acres, or thereabouts; and the Petitioners and others are the Owners and Proprietors of all the said Common Field and other Commonable Lands, lying w ithin t he Tow nships and Liberties aforesaid; and the Petitioners and divers other Land Owners, in roiptd, of their several Lands and Grounds, are ent itled to, and do enjoy, Common of Failure for their Cat tie, in, over, and upon, all the said Common Field and Commonable Lands, by a determinate Stint, and in a certain Proportion, exclusive of all other Persons whatsoever; and that the said several Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and others, Land Owners, lie intermixed, and dilperied in small Parcels in and over the said Common Field, and are most of them inconveniently situated, and by reason

Vol. 3 6.

thereof sufficient Quantities of Manure and Compost cannot, without great Difficulty and Expence, be conveyed to the fame, nor frequent Trespasses and Disputes among the Proprietors and their Tenants be prevented, and, so long as the said Common Field and Commonable Lands lie open and uninclosed, the same produce but little Profit to the Owners thereof, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that the Petitioners and other Owners and Proprietors of the said Common Field and Commonable Lands are delirous that the same may be divided and inclosed, and that specific Parts thereof may be allotted to the Proprietors re-spectively and in Severalty, in lieu of and in proportion to their several and respective Lands, Grounds, Rights, and Interests, in the said Common Field and Commonable Lands; and that the making such Division^ Allotments, and Inclosure, will tend greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners and the several Parties concerned, and be a great Improvement of |fieir lelpeftive Properties and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor dividing and inclosing the said Common Field and Commonable Lands, or such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John St. John, Lord Charles Spencer, and Mr. Wenman, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution several Acts of Parliament, made in the Tenth Year of Queen Anne, the Eighth of the First, and the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty, for re* pairing the Highw ay between a certain Place called Kilburn Bridge, in the County of and

roic's Herne, in the County of wras presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of the several Acts before mentioned, the said High way hath been repaired and made commodious for Travellers, but that, in order to repair the fame, the Trustees were obliged to borrow the Sum of £. 1,700, which now remains due; and that the Term granted by (he said Acts is near expiring, and unless the same is further continued, and the Powers granted by the said Acts enlarged, the Money owing cannot be paid off, and the Road kept in good Repair: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Acts, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Whitworth, Sir Charles Whitworth, &c.: Aud they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine, of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A-

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors and Inhabitants of Houses in Hoxlon Square, in the Parish of St.

Shoreditch, in the County of was presented

to the Floufe, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are desirous, by an adequate Rate and Assessment upon themselves, to inclose and embellish the middle Part of the said Square, now lying in great Disorder, the present Fences thereof being 'in Ruin, and almost entirely demolillied; but as a sufficient Sum for this Work, and for keeping the said Square in Repair after the same shall be lb inclosed and embellished, cannot be raised and effected w ithout the Aid and Authority of Parliament, Therefore praying. That Leave may he given to bring in a Bill to enable the present ami future Proprietors and Inhabitants of the said Houses to make a Rate upon themselves, for rafting

Money

Kilburn

Bridge*

&c.

Road.

Hoxtaa-Square Assessment.

AfVon

Kevncs

Joclosure.

Leeds

thro'

H«rwood

Roads.

Billingh*y

IndoAjre.

108 3° Februarii. A, 1777.

Money sufficient to indofe and embellish the middle Part of the said Square, and to keep the same in Repair; and for extinguishing any Right of Common, that may he upon the Ground of the said Square, so intended to be inclosed and embellished, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Whitworth, Sir Charles Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Henry Whorwood, Esquire, Lord of Manor of AshtonKeynes, in the Parish of Ashton

in the County of Wilts, principal Proprietor of the Laivls, and Impropriate Owner of certain Tythes, in the said Manor and Parish; Samuel Barnes, Clerk, Vicar of the said Parish, and Thomas Master, Esquire, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors or Owners of Lands, or having Rights of Common, within the said Manor and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, within the said Manor and Parish of Ashton Keynes, which might be greatly improved, if divided into specific Shares or Allotments, and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, with Rich Powers as may be necessary or proper to effectuate the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, -pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Goddard and Mr. Penruddock do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds, through Hariooood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, and from thence in Two Branches (one through Ripley over Bur age Green, and the other through Knaresborough and BoroughbridgeJ to Ripon, and from thence to the First Rill of Water, or Watercourse on Hutton Moor, in the County of York, and for repairing the Sloughs or Rutts on the said Moor, so far as the same relates to the Road leading from the South West Comer of the Inclosures of Harrogate (through Knaresborough)to Boroughbridge, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, 'IThat the Bill be committed to Mr. Daniel Lascelles, Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Pelham reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Right honourable William Earl Fitzwilliam, and the humble Petition of Gervas Gibson, Esquire, Anthony Peacock, and others. Proprietors of I-ands and Commonable Messuages, Cottages, and Toftsteads, in the Parish of in the County of Lincoln, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the blatter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Top rove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Stoiherd, being examined, said, That there are.

within the said Parish of Billinghay, several Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Dales wherein the Lands of the Proprietors lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are not, in their present Situation, capable of any considerable Improvement; and that there are also, within the said Parish, a large Cornmnn Fen and inclosed Low Grounds, which, with the Dales, are frequently overflowed with Water, by Means of which they yield but little Profit to the Persons interested therein.

And, being further examined, he said. That he apprehends that if the said Dales, Common Fen, and Inclosed Low Lands, were properly embanked and drained, and thq. said Dales and Common Fen, together with the said Fields and Meadows, were divided and inclosed, the Whole of the said Lands would be greatly improved, and be a very considerable Advantage to all the Parties interested therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Dales, and Common Fen, within the Parish of Billinghay, in the County of Lincoln; and for draining and preserving the said Dales and Common Fen, and also certain Inclosed Low Lands thereto adjoining, in the said Parish: And that Mr. Pelham and Mr. Vyner do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Richard Welby, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Swinstead, and of several other Persons, whose

Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Lands, and otherwise interested, in the several Open Confmon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Swinstead, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and others, within the said Parish, are dispersed in small Parcels, and so intermixed with the Lands and Grounds of several adjoining Parishes, as to be, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be greatly for the Advantage of all Persons interested therein if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr Pelhamand Lord Brownlow do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and to alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act of the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from The Market House, in the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester; and to repeal so much of Two Acts of Parliament of the Tenth of his late Majesty, and the Seventh of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from The Mitre Oak to a Farm House called in

the Parish of Hartlcbury; and also from 7 Bi’ook to the Hamlet of Wribbenhall, in the said County; and to discontinue the Powers of an Act of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, so far as relate to the Road from The Cross of the Hands near Farm,

to a Place called The Spout, in or near the Parish of Hagley; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, as well the Roads from Bridge to

Titton Brook aforesaid, and from the said Market House to The Mitre Oak aforesaid, and from the Mill Street, in the Town of Kidderminster, to Stourport Bridge, and from the said Bridge to the Turnpike Road leading from Kidderminster to Bromsgrove, and from Wareftey Green to The Cross Roads on near

Mittom and from TheIIooBrook to a Place called Broad-

waters,

Swinstead

Inclosure.

Kidderminster

Road>.

17 Geo. III. 3° Februarii. 109

tcaters, in the said Cotlnty 5 as also the several Roads comprised in the said first-mentioned A ft; and for reducing the Provisions and Powers necessary for those Purposes itito One Act of Parliament, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act to repeal an Act of the Thirty-third of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from The Market lloitfe in the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcef er; and also to, repeal so much of Two Acts, of the Tenth of his late Majesty, and the Seventh of His present Majesty, as relate to the Road from The Mitre Oak to a Farm House called Goand from Titton Brook

to the Hamlet of Wribbenhain the said County; and

to discontinue the Powers of an Act, of the Eighth Of His present Majesty, so far as relate to the Road from The Ci'ofs of the Hands near Goodness Farm, to a ' Place called The Spout; and for more effectually amending,.widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads described in the First-mentioned Act, and also several other Roads therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Centlirret Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing John Contlivres was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Banning’* Mr. Ehves reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Ei'nejl Bernard Banning, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Soltaa’* A Bill for naturalizing George William Soltau, Ger-hard Berck, Henry Albrecht Hammelburg, and Gunter Henri) Kroger, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elzves, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

'VTugh1’* a , BiH for naturalizing Willem Vlught, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Supply. sir Grey Cooper, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House'; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, and for their Subsistence, during the Time they shall be absent from Home, on Account of the Annual Exercise, for the Year 1777. '

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

„ VoL. 36.

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Letter* of upon the Bill for enabling the Commissioners for exe- Marque; cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Bri- Colonin? tain to grant Commissions or Letters of Marque to the Commanders of Private Ships and Vessels, to take and make Prize of all Ships or Vessels, and their Cargoes, belonging to, or possessed by, any of the Inhabitants of the Colonies of New Hampshire, Maffachvfets,

Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, Nezo Jersey, -sylvania, the Three Lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South and

Georgiafor a Time to be limited: be now re*ad.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gascoyne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gascoyne reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of John Totcn/hend, of the City of Chester

Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting The*tre. forth, That Chester is a large and populous City; that a great number of Persons of considerable Property reside in it and in the Neighbourhood, who are desirous of having a Theatre there, under proper Regulations:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant him a Patent for the Use of a Theatre in the said City.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Whitioorth, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, 'a* Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and Tra- Diq». ders, of the City of Chester, was presented to the Floufe, ' and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, Application is intended to be made to Parliament, for a Bill to enable his Majesty to grant a Patent for a Theatre in the said City; and that the Petitioners apprehend a Licensed Playhouse would be agreeable and convenient to the Inhabitants of the: said City and Neighbourhood, and to a great Number of Persons of Fortune and Distinction resorting thereto, and in several Respects be of Advantage to the City: And therefore praying. That such Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the last preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it ilhall appear to them, to the House:

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are Coodicote thereunto subscribed; Owners and Proprietors of, and Inclosure. otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberties of Condicote, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lanfl? and Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, iii their present Situation, are in- capable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the said Fields, Lands, and Grounds, were

F f divided

-by

110

3* — 4° Februarii. 777.

divided and inclosed, anti specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Gu[fe and Sir Edward do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Wallingfen A Petition of several Persons, Owners and Proprie-Inclosuic. tors or otherwise interested in, a certain Common or Stinted Pasture, called Wallingfen, in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Common or Stinted Pasture, containing 5,000 Acres, or thereabouts, is, in its present State, of little Value, but, if inclosed and divided into Severalty, the same might be greatly improved; and that, in order to carry on the Improvement of the said Common or Stinted Pasture with Convenience to the Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, it will be necessary to alter and amend some of the Provisions of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain Commons,

" Low Grounds, and Carrs, in the Parish of Market " Weighton, and other adjacent Parillics, in the East

" kiding of the County of York, and for making a " Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Market Weighton to " the River Humber: " And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above Purposes, under such Rules and Regulations as shall be found proper and necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and hare Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The other Orders of the Day bepi^g read;

Lumber. Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the nth Day of this Instant February, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of allowing Lumber to be carried, in British Ships, from The Baltic, directly to the West India //lands, for a limited Time.

Supply. Resolved, That thiq House will, upon Wcdriefday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the ' whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon «nd Means. j^jorning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 40 die Februarii;

holders and Electors of the County of Glouce/er, for and on Behalf of themselves, and all other Freeholders of the same County, complaining of the undue Ejection and Return of William Bromley Chester, Esquire, for the said County, being come;

The I louse proceeded to the Appointment of a Se-left Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 111 Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Orders of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glafies; and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Forty-four Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Alexander Gard Esquire, being

drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on Account, of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards; and having, at the Table, verified the same upon Oath, he was excused accordingly-

And the Names of Four other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Frederick Esquire,

being drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards; and having, at the Table, verified the same upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And the Name of One other Member, then present, was drawn, who was not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Twenty-seven other Members then present, were drawn, and set afide with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Five on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which 1 they had before verified on Oath; Ten on Account of their then serving on a Select Committee; Eight on Account of their having already in this Session of Parliament served on a Select Committee; and Four on Account of their having voted at the said Election.

And the whole Numbfer of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not exctifed or set aside, being complete, the Counfd for the Petitioners named George

Johnstone, Esquire, and the Counsel. for the Sitting Member named John Elxoes, Esquire, to serve on the said Select Committee, who were not objected to.

And Lists of the said Forty-nine Names Were delivered, by the Clerk, to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened; the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Anno i7* Georgii III-1 Regis, 1777. Prayers.

kuceftef rr^ H E Hour, appointed for taking into Considera-lemcn. J[ tjQn t^e Petition of the Honourable George Cran-field Berkeley, and also the Petition of the several Persons whole. Nantes are thereuqto subscribed, Free-20

A Petition of the Principal Tradesmen, Shopkeepers, and others, Inhabitants' of the Town of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have, so; a' long Time past, suffered very great Injuries and Inconvenience in- the Exercise of their respective Trades and Bufiiiefftis, and sustained a considerable Loss in their Property, by some Persons haying, from Motives of excftlive

Lucre,

Counterfeit

Halfpence*

t

17 Geo. Ill, 40 Februa 111

.Lucre, introduced large Quantities of false counterfeit Halfpence, and artfully and industriously circulated them in the Town of Nottingham, and the adjacent Country, in direct Opposition to the lawful Coin of this Realm, and to the manifest Injury and Distress of the fair Trader, and the Public in general; and that the Petitioners, well knowing the fatal Tendency of such illicit Practices, have endeavoured, by all lawful Means in their Power, to suppress the Currency of such counterfeit Money, and to bring the Offenders to Punishment, but have found all their Attempts fruitless and ineffectual, and have bf en informed, that the Laws in their present State are inefficient for that Purpose; and the Petitioners daily find, that the Introduction of the said counterfeit Halfpence is a growing Evil, and loudly calls for Redress, which, the Petitioners are advised, cannot be obtained without the Intervention of the Legislative Authority: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to provide such Remedies and Relief as the House may think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Lower A Pet ition of the Gentlemen, Cler gy, Farmers, and

Compton others, residing in and near the several Towns and

*? „ Parishes of Sherborne, Y

Roads/* Thomas, Winsham, and Chard, in the County of

set, and Thonicombe, Axmouth,

Colyton, Kilmington, WilOffivell,

JJoniton, Cot ley, Monckton, and in the County of Devon', and Dalzcood, Stockland, and

Chardjtock, in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Application for the Renewal of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and w idening the Road from The Halfioay House,

" in the Paritti of Lower Compton, in the County of " DorJ'et, through the Towns of Yeovil, Crewkerne,

" and Chard, in the County of Somerset, to the East " End of the Town of in the County of

" Devon, and several other Roads around the said " Town of Yeovil-, and for extending the Turnpike " Road from the Town of Chard, through the respectft tive Parishes of Chard aforesaid, and Wambrook, u Chardjtock, and Stockland, in the County of Dorset,

" and Membury, Cotley, and Monckton, in the County " of Devon, to the Turnpike Road at Cheefway " leading from Chard aforesaid,- to the Town of " niton, in the said County of Devon-," and representing to the House, that the old; usual, and accustomed Road for Passengers and Travellers, from the Towns of Sherborne, Yeovil, and Crexvkerne, to the Town of Axminster, was, previous to patting the said Act, from a certain Turning leading from the present Turnpike Road on White Down, in the Parish of Cricket Saint Thomas, in the said County of Somerset, to Chard Common, and across the said Common to a Village or Hamlet called Perry Street, in the Parish of and from Perry Street, to the present Turnpike Road leading from Chard to Axminster-, at the Turning nearest to Inn, in the County of Dorset; where a Direction Poll lately Hood, directing the Road to Crewkerne, which said last mentioned Road from White Down, across Chard Common, through Perry, Street, to the Turning neareil to Tytherleigh Inn, is One Mile and Half the neareil Way from Crewkerne to Axminjtethan by the Town of

Chard, through which the present Turnpike Road leads to and from Crewkerne to Axminster, and that the said Roads from White Down, across Chard Common,'to Perry Street, and from Perry Street to the said Turnpike Road leading from Chard to Axminster, at the said Turning neareil to Tytherleigh Inn, are at present in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Parts narrow and incommodious, and cannot be eff^ftually Vox.. 36.

amended, and kept in good Repair, by tive ordinary Course of Law; but, that the Amendment thereof may be effected for the Sum of £. 300, which the Petitioners are ready to advance, on the present Security of the Tolls arising from the Gates already erected on that District of Road which leads from Bridge, to the East End of the Town of Axminster .*

And therefore praying. That a supplementary Clause may be inserted in the said Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second, empowering the Trustees named, or to be named, for that Purpose, to extend the said Roads from White Down, in the Paritti of Cricket Saint Thomas, across Chard Common to Perry Street, in the Paritti Of Chard aforesaid, and from Periy Street to join the present Turnpike Road which leads from Chard towards Axminster, at the Turning neareil to Tytherleigh in the County of Dorset, where a Direction Poll lately Hood, called The Red Post, directing the Road to Crewkerne-, and that the said last mentioned Roads may be added to, and made a Part of, the said Act, on the Renewal thereof, for that District of Road which leads from Hafsleborough Bridge to the Eall End of the Town of Axminster aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition

of several Gentlemen, and others, living in, near, and usually travelling, the great \Veftern Road, from an House called The Half Way House, in the Parish of Loioer Compton, in the County of Dorset, through the Towns of Yeovil, Crewkerne, and Chard, to the East End of the Town of Axminster, in the County of von-, and several other Roads round the said Town of Yeovil, in the County of Somerset, and more particularly of the several Trustees appointed and acting under, and by virtue of, an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing arid widening

the same Roads, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of William Pearce HaU, and John Corfton

house, Esquires, Lords of the Manor of Corpham, in Inclosur*. the County of Salop, and: foie Owners of a certain Common, or Piece of Waste Ground, called Diddlebury Forest, otherwise Diddlebury Wood, containing 140 Acres, or thereabouts, lying within the said Manor and the Paritti of Diddlebury, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Common or Waile Ground is open and adjoiriing to the Common or W afte Grounds within the Township of Corfton otherwise Coroeton, in the said Paritti (which last mentioned Common contains 370 Acres, or thereabouts) and to certain Common or Waste Grounds in the Township of Wcjt Hope and Burhope, in the same Paritti (which contains 30 Acres, or thereabouts) and is subject to frequent Trespafiesfrom the Cattle and Sheep belonging to the Inhabitants of the said Townships; and the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Rill is ordered to be brought in, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common or Waste Grounds within the said Township of Corfton otherwise Coroeton; and, if the same pafies.mto an Act, all the Cattle and Sheep which have ilrayed into and fed, as well upon that larger Common within the Township'of Corf bon otherwise Coroeton, as upon the said letter Common, mull unavoidably trespass upon, and be confined to, the letter Common, and to the said very final! Common within the Townlhfps of Wft Hope and Burhope only, whereby the Petitioners . Estate and Interest will be much damaged and affected, unless they are enabled to fence out and l'eparate their saidV^ftlteiOr Common from the said other Walles:or Commons; in order therefore to preventTrefpaftes for the future upon the 'Common or Waste' Ground called Diddlebury Forest,. or Diddtebury Wood, the Petitioners are

112

4* Februarii.

A. 1777.

Combe

Bridge

Road.

are willing to contribute with the Inhabitants of the said Township of Corf ton otherwise Corveton, towards the Expence of making and maintaining the - Boundary or Ring Fence between the Lands of the Petitioners and the Lands intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, by the said Bill; and to make and maintain, at their foie Expence, such proper Mounds or Fences between the said Common or Waste Lands of the Petitioners, and the Common or Waste Lands of West Mope, Burhope, and any other Common or Waste Lands, as the Commissioners (to be appointed by the said Bill) shall direct: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for making and maintaining such Mounds and Fences, for the Pur-

Sufes aforesaid, in such Manner, and subject to such egulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill,

Surfuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Charles \aldzoyn, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Corfion otherwise Corveton, in the Parish of Diddle bury, and County of Salop, on Behalf of himself, and others, that they

do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition now presented.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, fled in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for widening and repairing the Road from Combe " Bridge, in the County of to; in

" the County of Wilts; and from thence through " Hilperton, and so far over Afiiton Common as to join

the Road which leads from Steeple to Troio-

" bridge; and also the Road leading from Bradford " aforesaid to Cockhill Gatein the said County of " Wilts ;" and for amending and widening the Road from the Town of Bradford aforesaid to Wingfield Common; and from Pippett Street, in the said Town to The Three Oaks on Bradford Leigh; and from

thence through Woolly, to join the Turnpike Road

on Forwards Common; and also the Road from Stayer-ton Bridge, through Holt, to in the Parish

of Bradford aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pen-ruddock, Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

mentioned Roads should be included in the said Bill, as was first intended, or the said firfst-mentioned Branches omitted, because most Part thereof has lately been put into good Repair at the great Expence of the said Tythings; and that, if a Turnpike Gate should be erected upon any Part thereof, as the Petitioners are informed is intended, it will most materially injure them and the other Inhabitants of that Neighbourhood: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may afteft them, and that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled. " An Act for widening and repairing the Road from Combe Bridge, in the County of Somerset, to Bradford, in the County " of Wilts; and from thence through llilperton, and " so far over Ashton Common as to join the Road which " leads from Steeple Ashton to and also the

*5 Road leading from Bradford aforesaid to Cockhill " Gate, in the said County of Wilts-,'' and for amend)

ing and widening the Road from the Town of Bradford aforesaid to Wingfield Common-, and from Pippett Street in the said Town to The Three Oaks on Bradford Leigh Common-, and from thence through Woolly, to join the Holt Turnpike Road on For and also the Road from Staverton Bridge, through Holt, to Ell-bridge, in the Parish of Bradford aforesaid, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Pet tion. '

A Bill for dividing and inclosing an Open Waste or Common called Westergate Common, in the Parish of

Aldingbourne, in the County of Sejsex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whitworth, Sir Thomas Spencer &c.: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ditto. A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Tythings of A Bill to enable Eames, a Minor, and his Issue, Lye, Woolley, and HoU, in the Parish of Bradford, and to take and use the Surname of Weight, pursuant to the Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of Wilts, the Will Waight, Esquire, deceased, was read

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, a Second Time.

That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. James is depending, for enlarging the Term and Powers of Worjley, Mr, Elwes, &c.: And they are to meet this an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Majesty, for repairing the Road from Combe Bridge, Chamber.

in the County of Somerset, to Bradford, in the County of Wilts, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned; A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names arc and for repairing other Roads, in the said Bill de- thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and feribed; from a House late in the Occupation of Mr. read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Town-Jlumphrey Tugwell, in Pippett Street, in the Town of ships. Villages, or Hamlets of Carleton, BriJ'coe, and Bradford, to The Three Oaks on Bradford Lye, and from Wreay, in the Manor or Lordship of . the Turnpike Road on Forwards Common to meet the otherwise Prior Lordfiip, in the Parishes of Cuth-fame Road again upon Bradford Lye, which are a Part bert Carlisle, and Saint Mary Carlife, in the County of of the new Roads included in the said Bill; and repre- Cumberland, several Tracts or Parcels of Common and fenting to the House, that the Road from the said Mr. Waste Grounds, and also several old Inclosures and TugzveU’s House to the End of the Road belonging to Improved Lands and Meadows; and that the Petition-the Tything of Lye and Woolley adjoining to the Parish ers, and others, are entitled to Rights of Common of Monkton Far leu, and also the Road from Bradford Lye upon the said Common and Waste Grounds; and that, to The Quaker's Meeting House, and the said Tything of if the same were divided into specific Allotments, and Lye and Woolley, were included in the Notices given at inclosed, a considerable Advantage would accrue to

the Quarter Sessions, and in the News Papers, of the the Petitioners and the several other Persons interested Application intended to be made to Parliament for the therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be said Bill, but are not included therein: and the Pe- given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the titioners think it reasonable, either that the said last- said Common and Waste Grounds, in such Manner,

Westergate

Inclosure.

Eames’

Name.

Qarleton,

&c.

Inclosure.

Worded Yam Spinners.

Eland

to

I*eeds

Read.

17 Geo. III.

40 Fehrua

113

suicl under such Rules and Regulations, as to the Houft shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill* pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Air. Fletcher and Mr. Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir George Savile repbrted from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Manufacturers of combing Wool intoWorfted Yarn, and various Kinds of Woollen Stuffs, residing in the Counties of York and and also the Petition of the Manufacturers of combing "Wool into Worsted Yarn, and various Kinds of Woollen Stuffs, residing in or near the Towns of and Rochdale, in the County of , and that

Part of the County of Chester. which adjoins to the said County of Lancaster, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place 5 and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and' is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. William Currer being examined, said. That he lives at Halifax, in the County of York, and is a Manufacturer of Worsted Goods; that there are many Frauds committed in reeling of Yam, by not putting in the proper Number of Threads in the Hank, and by-reeling the same upon a Reel of less than 36 Inches round, and also by embezzling the Materials; that he thinks the present Laws cannot be effectually executed so as to remedy those Evils; and that he apprehends, if a proper Number of Inspectors were appointed, it would be a Means to detect those Frauds, and be greatly to the Interest of the Manufacturers in general.

And being further examined, he said. That, settle Years sincefc a voluntary Subscription was entered into by the Manufacturers, and Inspectors appointed by them > and that, during the Time the Subscription was kept on Foot, it had the desired Effect; but the Subscriptkm failing about Three or Four Years ago, it hria been discontinued ever ftfice: And he further said. That the SuWcriptioil was about the Proportion of ir. Gd. for each Comber annually; that the InfpCdotS aroproposed to be paid by a Deduction from the Draw* brick of the Dufy upon Soap allowed to the Mrinufao* turei s, which, be apprehends, will be fuffioient for the Purftdfes intended by the Bill; and that One Penny per Shilling on the Drawback will produce about equal to the voluntary Subscription formerly raised.

Then to prove the Allegations of the Second-then* tioned Petition, "

Mr. T/wmax Chexjhyre being examined, said. That;

he Sppreltends, if the Powers of the intended Bill WefS mdde to fexteftd to the County of Chtfieri it Would be S great Convenience to the Manufacturers, and tend greatly to the -Encouragement of Trade in that Country. ’ 1

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for nlore effectually preventing Frahds and Abuses com* tnitted by Persons employed in the Manufactures of combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the Counties of York, Limcafier, and Chester; And that Sir George Sab He and Mr. Eger tod do prepare, and bring in, the fanie.

Sir George Savile reported from I he Committee; to' whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed for the Care of the Road leading from Eland to the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied u'ith; and that the Committee had examined the Matte* of the said Petition; V'ol. 36.

and had directed him td import the Tame, As it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; fend afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio Weth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act; made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of . his late Majesty King George the Second, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Eland to the Towd of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York\ %

was read: And,

Mr. James Hebdin being examined, said, That for the Purpose of amending the said Road several Suirii of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the said Act; that in June last the Sum of^. 7,137. 2s.

wa6 owing (mcluding Five Years Interest) besides several small Debts due for Work and Materials.

That the said Road eamiot be Completed, and kent in sufficient Repair, and the Money owing, repaid; unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and further Powers granted.

That it is proposed to increase some of the Tolls, and also to have a Power of diverting the Road, which will be necessary in some Placed; particularly from Brig House to Eland.

That the Length of the said Road fa Sixteen Milefe; and the present Tolls let it about a Year, which has been laid out for fevetal Years in repairing the Road, without any Interest being paid off

Ordered, That Leave be giveh to brhig in a Bill for 1

enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fourteenth and Twenty sixth Years of iris: late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road leading from Eland to the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York: And that Sir George Savile and Sir George Robin/bn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Commons Thomcr or Waste Grounds, Open Common Fields, Undivided , Indofur*. Inclosures, and other ComiidnaWe Lands, within th6 Manor and ParHh of Thornier, in the West Riding Of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

ResolvecL, That the' Bill be committed- to Sir George SavitejMr. Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet thfa Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of the several Parishes of Saitit George and John of Wappirtg, in the County of Middlesex, was prefetited to the House, and read; Setting forth,. That a very ex* teitftve Trade is carried-oh in the said Pririshes, and particularly its Wapping Street, which, being near 3

Mile m length, and very narrow, and n6 Carriage Way into the same but at the Ends thereof, many Obstructions happen to Carriages paflang through the fame; and it would be a great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Parishes, and to Trade in general, if proper Communications were opened, from Wapping Street to Ratcliff’Highway, between Old Graroel Lane and Uttie Hermitage Street, by widening the South West End of Bird Street, and by building anew Street from Bird Street across certain Fields or Gardens to John's Hill in RatcliffIIigkoay, and another new Street from Wapping Street, through Globe Yard, SampJon's Gardens, and across certain Ground iit

RatcliffHighwayaforesaid, and another new Street from Old Gravel Lane, through > and actoft

Certain Fields or Gardens to Virginia Street, in the said Parish of Saint George; and that Hermitage Street, Sampfcm’s Gardens, Artichoak Lane, Virginia Street, Penning'loii Street, John's Hill, Artichoak Hill, and Street, together with the Footway of Street, and

G g also

Wapping,

Streets.

114 4° — 50 Februarii 1 1777.

also the several Lanes and Passages leading into the said Street, in the said Parish of Saint George are at present very ill paved, and rendered incommodious by many Annoyances and Incroachments therein; and that the opening the said new Streets, and making proper Provisions for paving the fame, and the other Streets and Places above mentioned, would tend to the Safety, Convenience, and Advantage of the Inhabitants of the said Parities, and be of great public Utility: And therefore prayings That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex* amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it. is referred to Mr. Byng, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Vluelit’s Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Willem Vlught, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed,

Glaqcester The Counsel and Agents before mentioned, being

flection. again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee delivered in to the House o tie of the said Lifts, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned Lift the Names of George Johnstone and John Elwes, Esquires, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows;

Charles Anderson Pelham, Esquire, Sir George binfon. Baronet, Sir Cecil Wray, Baronet, the Honourable Charles Finch, John Esquire; Thomas

Brand, Esquire, John Clevland, Esquire, Charles Pen-ruddock, Esquire, Sir William Augustus Baronet, Edward Phelips, Esquire, Hugh Oioen, of Pembroke, Esquire, Edw Esquire, Th&mas Powys, Esquire, George Johnstone, Esquire, John; Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of the Honourable George Cranfield Berkeley-, and also the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freeholders and Electors of the County of Gloucester, for and on Behalf of themselves; and all other Freeholders of the same County, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at-the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the First Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

letters of The other Order of the Day being read;

Marque, Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of

Celooic*." t^ie wh°fe House, to whom the Bill for enabling the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, to grant Commissions or Letters of Marque to the Commanders of private Ships and Vessels, to take and make Prize of all Ships or Vessels, and their Cargoes, belonging to, or possessed by, any of the Inhabitants of the Colonies of New Jl am [glare, Massachuset'sBay, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, NewJerJ'ey, the Three

Lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, for a Time to be limited, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 5" die Februarii;

Anno 17® Georgii IIP*1 Regis, 1777.

Prayers.

A PETITION of die Right hohOurable Robert Wendover} Lord Viscount Hampden, Lord of the Manor of Wendover, in the County of Buck, and of the x B*t*1 several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto sub- c

feribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands,

Grounds, and Tythes, in the several Open and unin closed Common Fields, within the Manor and Parish of Wendover aforesaid, in the said County of Bucking* ham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, several large Open and uninclosed Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds; and that His Majesty, in Right of His Crown, is seised of the Advowson,

Right of Patronage, and Presentation, to the Vicar ago of Wendover-, and the Reverend Thomas Bland, Clerk,

Mailer of Arts, is the present Vicar, and, in Right thereof, is seised of certain Glebe Lunds, which lie dif-perfect in the said Open and uninclosed Common Fields; and that the Petitioner, Robert Lord Viscount Hampden, is Lord of the Manor of Wendover, and one of the Owners and Proprietors of the said Open and uninclosed Common Fields and Tythes; and that, for a long Space of Time, certain specific annual Payments-have been made by the Owners and Proprietors of some Parts of the said Open and uninclosed Common Fields, to the Owners of the Tythes thereof, in lieu of, and as a Compensation for, such Tythes, the same not having been taken in Kind, by reason that the particular Parcels of Land liable to such Tythe could not be ' appertained; and that the Lands of the several Proprietors were much intermixed, and in general consisted of such very small Parcels, aa rendered the Cultivation thereof not only inconvenient and expensive, but alfa the Occasion of sundry Disputes and Differences am<ing the Owners and Occupiers, on account of the Trel-passes unavoidably committed on the adjoiningGroUhd, by.every Mode of Cultivation; and that, in order to' remedy such Inconveniences, and prevent such Dif-putes, and to dispose of the said Open and uninclosed Common Fields mpre advantageoully for the respective Proprietors and Occupiers, the feverid very small Par? eels thereof have been, by the unanimous Confeut of the said Owners and Proprietors, laid together in large and convenient Parcels, and the Owners of the Tythes of such small Parcels of Land exchanged, as aforesaid,-have consented to accept in future such Tythes out of the Lands received in Exchange for such small Parcels of Land respectively; and that the O whers of the Tythes of the Lands of such Persons, whose particular Parcels of Land liable to Tythe could not be ascertained, have consented to accept the annual Sums of Money heretofore paid in lieu of such Tythe, to be chargeable upon such Persons respective Estates in the said Open and uninclosed Common Fields: And therefore praying*

That Leave may be given to bring in.a Bill for confirming such Exchanges of Lands and Tythes, made for the more convenient and advantageous Disposition and Cultivation of the said Open and uninclosed Common

17 Geo. III. 5s Februarii.

115

tnon Fields, and for establishing and securing the said annual Payments in lieu of Tythes, where the particular Parcels of Land liable to Tythe could not be ascertained.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill) pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Earl Verneyand Mr. burke do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Cattaneo’t A Petition of Horace -was presented to the

** House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hennikerand Sir George Warren do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Tiufcrf Bridge A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed in Banbury an(l by a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the kc.’ Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Road*. King Clcorgc the Second, intituled, "An Act for rcpairing and widening the Roads leading from The " Cross of Hand, near Firford Bridge, in the County " of Warwick through the Town of Southam, in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, and from The Guide in the Village of Adderbury, in the same County,

" through K idling ion, to The Mile Way, leading to- wards the City of Oxford, and also the Road leading " from a Place called The Two Mile Tree, near the City of Oxford, over Gosford, other wise Gcffard Bridge, to a certain Gate, entering upon Weston on " the Green, in the said County," and of several other Persons whose Names are thereunto set, living in, near, and usually travelling, the said Road, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees acting for that Part of the Road leading from The Guide Post, in the Village of Adderbury, in the County of Oxford, through to The

Mile Way, leading towards the City of Oxford, and also the Road leading from a Place called The MUe Tree, near the City of Oxford over Gosford, otherwise Goffurd Bridge, to a certain Gate entering tipon Weston on the Green, in the said County, have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, for that Part of the said Road from The Guide Post, in the Village of Adderbury, in the said County of Oxford, through Kidlington, to The Mile Way, leading towards the City of Oxford, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which now remain due, and cannot be paid during the fublilling Term of the said Act; and, that several Alterations are tieceflary to be made to the said Act> relative to the lait-mentioned Part of the said Road; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and alter the Powers of the said Act, so far as relates to the above-mentioned Part of the said Road, leading from The Guide Post, in the Village of Adderbury, in the said County of Oxford, through Kidlington, to The Mile Way, leading towards the City of Oxford, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Page, Mr. Greyille, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Stanton A Petition of the Warden and Scholars of Saint St. John Mary Winton College, in Oxford, Lords of the Manor

Inclosure. Stanton Saint John, in the County of Oxford, and Proprietors of the greatelt Part of the I^tnds within the Manor and Parish of Stanton Saint John aforesaid, and alto of the perpetual Advowl'dn of the^ieftory of , VOL. 36.

the said Parish, Thomai Nu-oltsClerk, lleftor of the said Parish, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of Laud within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Lands, which lie greatly intermixed, are of finall Advantage to the Proprietors, and, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specjfic Shares thereof allotted to the several Owners, it would be very advantageous to the Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as to the House shall appear just and reasonable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Page, Sir Roger Newdigate, and the Lord Wenman, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of JervoiJe Clarice, Esquire, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That, the Petitioner’s late Grandfather, Thomas Esquire,

deceased, being, in his Life-time, and at the "l ime of his Death, intituled to the Reversion in Fee of a considerable real Estate, in the County of Worcester, ex-pestant on the Decease of his Son Thomas Esquire, without Ift'ue, by hislaft Will and Testament, bearing Date on or about the 22d Day of May 1739, devised such Reversion or Remainder unto the Petitioner and his Assigns, for his Life, with Remainder to Trustees, and their Heirs, in Trail to preserve contingent Remainders, with Remainders to the First and other Sons of the Petitioner, in Tail Male, with divers Remainders over; and directed, that the Petitioner and the Heirs Male of lus Body, when they should come into aftcial Poflfelfion of the Premises thereby devised by virtue of his Will, should assume and take upon them the Surname of Jervoise, and use the Coat of Arms of that Family; and that, in the Month of September last, the said Testator’s Son, Thomas Jervoise, died without Mue; and' thereupon the Petitioner, by virtue of the Devise in his said Grandfather’s Will, became intitled to his said Estate, in the Manner before mentioned, subject to the above Condition; and that the Petitioner is willing and desirous to comply with the Direction in his Grandfather’s, said Will, and to take and use the Surname and Anns o pursuant to the Injunctions thereby annexed to the possession of such Estate: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Kit-. Brett, Sir Edward Aftley, and Mr. Cator, do pre* pare and bring in, thd farue.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto set and subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Cumberland, several very large M'oortf, ‘ Commons, and Waste Grounds, which, lying:very wide and apart from each other, and being in sundry Parts very w et and boggy, are, in their present Situation, of little or no Value to the Petitioners, and the several other Persons, Owners of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Pirish; but, if the same were taken up and inclosed, they would be of considerable Value and Ad-' vantage.to them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring a Bill for inclosing the said Moors, Commons, ahdWalle Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions, as to the House shall fecin meet.' ' .

Ordered, That Leave be given to brih& in a Bill, pursuant

Clarke’*

Name.

Brampton

Incloiare.

n 6 5" FebrUarii. 1777.

fimnt to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Store r, Mr. Fletcher, and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Farlam A Petition of the several Per ions, whose Names are Inclosure. thereunto set and subscribed, was presented to the 1 louse, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Parish of Far lain, in the County of Cumberland, very large Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which, lying very' wide, and being in sundry Parts very wet and boggy, are, in their present Situation, of little or no Valne to the Petitioners, and the several other Persons, Ow ners of Lands, Tenements^ and Hereditaments, within the said Parish; but, if the same were taken up and inclosed, they would be of considerable Value and Advantage to them: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing the said Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions, as to die House lha.ll seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.: And that Mr. Storer, Mr. Fletcher, and Mr* Selwyn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

SR<wd n Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Landholders,

°* Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the AVeft Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the High Road from the Town of Knaresbrough, over the Forest of

brough, from the Turnpike Road leading from Leeds to Ripon, near Okbeck, in the Township of icith T1 arrogate, within the Parish of through

the Parishes of Ripley, and Fexcjtone, to

Blubber HouJ'cs, and from thence.by Bridge to

Skipton, in the said Riding, is by much theneareft Road from Knaresbrough to Skipton, Clitheroe, Preston, and Liverpool, and also from the City, of York to Lancqfcr, and several other considerable Trading Towns, in the County Palatine of Lancaster the North West Part of the West Riding of the County of York, but, by reason of the Decpness of the Soil in feme Parts, and the Narrow ness in other Parts thereof, Carriages qannot pass along the same without Danger} and the said Roads canuot be so effectually repaired by the ordinary Course of Law', as by an Act of Parliament for ' railing Money for, that Purpose, by certain Tolls, to be collected and applied for the amending, repairing, and widening thereof; and the amending, rwidening, and repairing the said Roads, would open a nearer Communication, with the Towns. of Liverpool,- Lancaster, Preston, Clitheroe, and <Sfyy5fon,.and several other Trading downs, to the City of York, Hull, and several.other considerable Towns, in the East Riding of the said County of York, and be the Means of improving Trade and Commerce, and be a public Ease and Convenience to die Inhabitants of the East, and JIV ell Ridings of the said County: And therefore praying, l*hat Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and amending the Road's aforesaid, by such Ways and Mpap$, ^.nd in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fume, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Goodricke, Lord George Caveiulijli, Sec.: And they sire to meet Tomorrow 'Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, diifl Records.

T i» i ti a I i , 4.1 >v ^1 ‘ , J

V'ealamfi A Petition of Sarah Gibson, Spinster, Lady of the luclosure. Manor of Yealands, in the Parish of in the County Palatine of Lancaster, George Esquire,

George Grey, Gentleman, and the several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being severally ' iti

Owners of Houses and Lands within the said Manor*, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That, there are, within the said Manor, several Tracts or Parcels of Common and Waste Grounds, whereou the Petitioners and others are intitled to Right of Common, and also certain Open Grounds or undivided Common Fields, belonging to some of the Petitioners} and that there are also Two Modes within the said Manor, called WaithamMofs, and Moss,

the whole Turbary of which Modes belongs to the Petitioner Sarah Gibson, and the Herbage thereof to some of the Petitioners and others; and that, if the said Waste Grounds, Common Fields, and Modes, were divided into specific Allotments, and inclosed, a considerable Advantage would accrue to the Petitioners and the several other Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common and Waste Grounds, Common Fields, and Modes, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ptirfnant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And t hat Sir George Warren and Lord Richard Cavendish do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Pdtition of the Trustees for putting in Executiotf Brent Briig* an Act of Parliament of the^Thirty-first Year of the ,to Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, in? G tituled, " An Act for repairing the High Road leading " from Brevet Bridge, in the County of Devon, to " Gajking Gate, in or near she Borough of Plymouth*

" in the said County,’’ Was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That,. by the said Act, divers Powers were given, and Tolls imposed, for the Purpose of repairing the Road therein comprised, for a Ten* of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End at the then next Session of Parliament; in pursuance whereof, several Srnns of Money have been borrowod on the Credit of the Toffs, which, with the Surplus Produce ctf the said Tolls, after paying the Interest dS the Money borrowed, has been applied to the Repair of the said Road; but that considerable Repair is still wanting thereon, and some of the Powers, Provisions, land Regulations, of the said Act have been found inconvenient and defective; and that, as. well for the more effectual repairing the said Road, and for keeping the feme in Repair^ and rendering the same more commodious, as also for the better Security of th» Creditors, it is necessary that thfe Term of the said Act: should be extended, and the Powers, Provisions, and Regulations, thereof explained, altered, enlarged, and amended': And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to* bring in a Bill for extending the Term of the said Act, and for explaining, altering, enlarging, and amendfng’the Powers and Regulations thereof, and for making1 uich further Prdvilions for the Attainment of the Ends before mentioned, as shall. be judged expedient; and that the Petitioners may have-lueh further Relief as to the HouYe shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exaftiirie the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: .

And it is referred to Mr. Skipwith, Mr. Parker, fee,:

Aud they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Niue of the Clopk, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of William Woollel, Francis pr;nts.

Thomas Watjoli, John Boydcll, Peter Maxell, Thomas encouraging Major, William I If n nr Ryland, P. Cano/, Francis tllC 'It>

Vicares, PauVSandby, anil William Byrne, Artilis and Dct-[cf,n,

Designets, and Engravers of Original Prints, on Be- &6, half of themselves and others, was presented to the House, *h.d read; Setting forth, That, in the Eighth

Year

17 Geo. III. 5' Februarii. 117

Year of the Reign of King George the Second, an Act of Parliament was made, for the Encouragement of the Arts of designing, engravingj and etching Hillo-rical and other Prints, by veiling the Properties thereof in the Inventors and Engravers, during the Time therein limited; and that, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, an Act was . made, for amending and rendering more effectual the former Act, and declaring that certain Artists therein described should have the Benefit and Protection of the said former Act, and that Act, under certain Restrictions and Limitations; and that, since passing the last mentioned Act, Several base, imperfect, and mean Prints have been fraudulently engraved and vended, with the Names of feme of the Petitioners affixed thereto, with a View to deceive the Public, and make the same pass for the Works of the Petitioners whose Names were so made use of, to their very great Detriment and Discredit, and to the Discouragement of the Arts aforesaid; and which iniquitous Practices are not provided against by either of the said Acts; and that, by reason thereof, and of the Smallness of the Penalties inflicted on Offenders, and the Difficulties which attend the recovering such Penalties, the said Acts have not effectually answered the Purposes for which they were intended; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending the said Acts, and for preventing the fraudulent Practices before mentioned, and for more effectually securing to the Petitioners their Property in Prints, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine x the Matter thereof: and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr, Storer,

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clpck, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

sutoqr Marrn A Petition of Sir John , Baronet, Lord of the

&c"re* Manor of Hawarden, in the County of the Reverend Stephen Glynne, Rector of the said Parish, on Behalf of themselves, and all other the Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Manor and Parish of Hawarden aforesaid, was pre-feuted to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is, within the said Manor and Parish, a certain Common, or Marsh, or Parcel of Waste Ground, called Saltney Marsh, containing 2,000 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Petitioner, the said Sir Glynne, is Lord

of the said Manor, and Owner of the Soil of the said Common, or Marsh, and a very considerable Proprietor of Lands within the said Manor and Parish, and also Impropriator of the perpetual Advowson of the Rectory of the said Parish; and that the River Dee is navigable through the Middle of the said Common or Marsh, whereby, and for want of proper Banks and Fences, the same has been damaged, and is in perpetual Danger of being destroyed, by the Flux and Reflux of the Tide; for preventing which, several Agreements have, from Time to Time, been entered into, and confirmed by Acts of Parliament, between the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking' for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, and the Proprietors of the said Common; and that the said Saltney Marsh might be considerably improved, if the same was indofed; and divided into specific Allotments, and Provision made, by Emhankments and otherwise, for effectually securing it from the Depredations liable to be committed by the overflowing of the said River, which would not only be of the greatest Advantage to the Petitioners, and the several other Persons entitled to Right of Common thereon, but ' would also be of public Benefit; and that it would Vot. 36.

greatly contribute to theeffecttial carrying on and completing of the said intended Inclosure, Division, Embankment, and other the Purposes before mentioned, and would also be of public Benefit to the Petitioners, and the several other Persons interested in such Divh fion, and to the Neighbourhood in general of the said Common of Saltney, if the Manor and Parish of Ha* warden, was made a Town-or Township of itself, and to have and enjoy all Rights and Privileges belonging to a Township, in as ample a Manner as any Town or Township in the said County of Flint now has and enjoys, or can or nlay have and enjoy: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner and Form, and with such Powers, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Salusbury Brereton and Sir Roger Mojtyn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, that the Petition of the Re- Mai&ngtorf, veretxd James Ibbetson, Doctor in Divinity, Prebendary of the Prebend of Naffington, founded in the Cathedral Inc ofure*

Church of Lincoln, and the peculiar Jurisdiction of the fame, and its Members, Yarwell, Apethorpe, and Wood Newton; and also the Petition of Skey, of A I*

denham, in the County of Hertford, Esquire, which were presented to the House upon the Second Day of December last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until a Bill should be brought in, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Common ana Open Fields,

Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Naffington, Yarwell, Apethorpe, apd Wood,

within the Prebend or Peculiar of Naffington, in the County of Northampton, might be, again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, upon the said Petitions, upon Monday Morning next, at the Second Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Yarwell, Apethorpe, and Wood Newton, within the Prebend or Peculiar of Naffington, in the County of Northampton, if they think lit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill against the said Petitions.

A Petition of Sir Francis Skipwitl, Baronet, Lord of Great Sturton the Manor of Great Sturton, in the County of Lincoln, Inclosure-and principal Proprietor of Messuages, Lands, and other Property, within the Parish of Great Sturton, aforesaid, and the Reverend William Holmes, Clerk,

Vicar of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pallures, and Waste Lands, containing together 1500 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands of the said Sir Francis Skipioith, and the other Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pallures, and Waste Lands, lie greatly intermixed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and the Petitioners apprehend, it would be a great Advantage to all Parties concerned, if the same were to be inclosed, and divided amongst the several Persons having Interest therein, according to their respective Rights, Interests and-Properties; Arid therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for these Purposes, under such-Regulations as to the House'shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

H h pursuant

118 ' 50 Februarii.

A. 1777.

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that in being; and the Petitioners apprehend, that it will Lord Brownlow liertie, Mr. Pelham, and Mr. Vynerbe of great Advantage to the Public, if the said Hoads

do prepare, and bring in, the fame. were properly repaired and widened: And therefore

praying, That I-cave may be given to bring in a Bill ringham a Petition of Sir Francis Skipu'ith, Baronet, Lord of for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, Inclosure. tjje jjanor Gf Metheringham, in the County of Lincoln, and also for repairing and widening the said Roads, in and a confide) able Owner and Proprietor of Lands and such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the other Property, within the Parish of Metheringham House iha.ll seem meet.

aforesaid) the Reverend Robert Bell the Younger, Vicar That the said Petition be referred to the

of the said Parish, and of the several other Persons Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being allb mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

Owners and Proprietors of Lands and other Property within the Tow nand Parish of Metheringham aforesaid, was presented to the House, add read; Setting forth. That there ace, within the said Manor and Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, Heath, and Waste Lands, containing together 5,000 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands of the said Sir Francis Skipwish, and the several Owners and Proprietors of the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, Heath, and Waste Lands, lie greatly intermixed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and the Petitioners apprehend, it would be a great Advantage to all Parties'concerned, if the same wvre to be inclosed, and divided amongst the several Persons having Interest therein, according to their respective Rights, lotcrefts, and Properties: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for tliele Purposes, under such Regulations as to the IvjuI'o shall seem meet.

Ordered, 'Hint Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that I ord Broicnlorv Bertie, Mr. Pelham, and Mr. Vyner, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lincoln, A Petition of several of the Trustees for executing R*cj an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign

°* *" of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for

" repairing and widening the Roads from the North " End of Du nftn)Lane, to the South West Corner of " RiJ'eholmHedge, and to Gale, Nook,

" and Dunham, and LiftFerries, and from the " North End of Haddington Field, and the Bridge " over the River Wit ham, at to the City

" of Lincoln, and from the Gate at the Foot of " IIill, to The Great Bar Gates of the said City; and for enforcing the Performance of Statute Work upon " tilt* Highways, communicating with the said Roads,

" to a certain Distance from the said Roads;" and of several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Persons, redding near and upon the Roads herein after mentioned, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, w as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trusteos have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, have made great progress in repairing the Roads therein mentioned, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, which still remain due; and that the Term granted by the said Act is near expiring, and several Alterations arc necessary to be made to the Powers and Provisions . theirein contained; and that, unless the Term and and Powers of the said Act are enlarged, the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, nor the Roads effectually repaired and widened; and that the Road leading from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road at the Foot of Bracebridge, Bridge, over the said Bridge on the Newark Road, Westward, through the Parishes of Bracebridge, Skelling/h North

South Hikeham, Thorp on the Aubern, Haddington,

Wijhy, Doddington, Thurlby, and to the

Extremity of the County of Lincoln, near Potter Hill, and also the Road leading from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road at the Foot of Camoickc Southward, to a Windmill at the Top of the said Hill, are ruinous, and in many Places narrow, and cannot be properly repaired and widened by the Laws now

shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mrl Vyner, Mr. Pelham, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Niue of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Elizabeth Dutchess of Buceleugh, was Grafton presented to the House, and redd; Setting forth. That yiu|e'0(xl the Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, uc ° ure* and Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Grafton derwood, in the County of Northampton, contain 39 Yard Lands and a Quarter, or thereabouts, and the Petitioner is Lady of the said Manor, and intitled to all the said Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, and Grounds, except Two Yard Lands, being Glebe Lands; and that the Earl of Upper Qffbry is seised of the Perpetual Advowson, Right of Patronage, and Prefontation, of, in, and to, the Rectory and Parish Church of Grafton Underwood; and the Reverend liam Bidzcell, Clerk, is Rector thereof, and intitled to

the "said Glebe Lands, and to the Great and Small Tythes arising within the said Parish; and that the said Glebe Lands lie intermixed, and difperl’ed in filial

Parcels amongst the Petitioner’s Lands, which renders the whole incommodious, and incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be very advantageous to the said Rector and his Success’ors, as well as to the Petitioner, if the said Ofien and Common Fields,

Pastures, Meadows, and Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and an adequate Portion thereof allotted to the said lleftor in lieu of his Glebe Lands and Tythes:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to > bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the albrel’aid Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, and Grounds, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Knightleyand Mr. Powys do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names arc Welford thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Land, and Per- Indofur#. fons interested in the Open Fields and Commonable Places in the Parish of Welford, in the County of Northampton, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Persons interested in the said Fields and Commonable Places, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That it would be very advantageous to all the Proprietors and Persons interested in the said Fields and Commonable Places, (o have the same divided and inclosed, and a specific PaVt thereof allotted to every of them, according to his or her Property therein, to be held in Severalty for ever; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Fields and Commonable Places, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Knightley and Mr. Powys do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Hat-makers and others Hatters; concerned in the Hat Manufactory of Fur and Wool, regelating was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, the Trade.

That

Letters of Marque; American Colonies*

17 Geo III. 50 — 6* Februafii. 1191

That the Hatters m and near the City of I.ondon have Ships failing under Convoy shall not be entitled to been for several Years pad, and now are, under many share in Prizes.

Difficulties in carrying on their Manufactories, by rea- And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the ’ son of the great Scarcity of Journeymen in the Trade, Question put thereupon, agreed to by tire J-Ioufe, to ' and of their repeated Demands for an Advance of be made Part of the Bill. '

Wages to unreasonable Prices, and to lefl’en their usual Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments^ be Hours of Work; and, in order to enforce a Cotnpli- ingrossed. , ‘

once with Inch Demands, they have entered into a.

Combination (which they call by the Name of a Con- The Hotife being informed that Mr. Smith,.from the ‘ Richmond gress) and have made Bvp Laws, exacted Fines, and Commissioners of Richmond Bridge, attended at the Bridge'

prevented divers of tire said Manufacturers from having or taking Apprentices, which are at this Time much wanted in the said Manufactory, and is one great Cause of the Scarcity of Journeymen; and that the said Journeymen have, by Means of the above Practices, compelled the most industrious Part of the whole to quit the Service of those who will hot submit to such unwarrantable Proceedings, which, the Petitioners feel with great Concern, will be the utter Ruin of the said Manuluclory, if not speedily prev ented; and that, betides the above Practices, the Petitioners are great and daily Sufferers by Journeymen who embezzle their Materials, and by the Buyers and Receivers of the fame,’ the Punishment for which (by the present Law’s) hath' been found ineffectual on "Account of the great Difficulty in convicting the Offenders; and therefore the Petitioners are without Remedy, unless they can obtain the Aid of Parliament in those Cafes; and that the Petitioners now pay, and are willing at all Times to pay, to their Journeymen, a full and adequate Price for their Labour, and such as will be sufficient to enable them comfortably to support themselves and Families; but that these their Intentions will be entirely frustrated, unless they are allowed to have a greater Number of Apprentices, than the Law at present allows them; and unless the Wages and Prices of Work, and the Hours of working by their Journeymen, be fixed by Authority of Parliament, or u Power invested in the Magistrates, within their respective Jurisdictions, to settle and regulate the fame, from Time to Time, as Occasion may require: And therefore praying the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above Purposes, or to grant the Petitioners such other Aid as to the House shall fefem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Alderman Oliver, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons Paper’s, and Records.

Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, ' .

A Paper, intituled, " Richmond Bridge Cash Ac- '

" count, 1776."

And then he withdrew

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,'' Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. ‘

Sir Grey Cooper took the Chair of the Committee. 1 Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Grey Cooper1 reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had. directed him to report, when the House will please to’ receive the same. 1

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. (

Sir Grey Cooper also acquainted the House, That" he was directed by the Committee to move, that they* may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will upon Friday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the Iloufe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

6° die Februarii;

Anno 170 Georgii III*1* Regis, 1777.

Prayers.,

A PETITION of the several Trullees appointed Baglhot in, and by virtue of, an Act of Parliament, . Road. ginia. North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, for made and passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of a Time to be limited, was committed; the Amendments his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which " An Act for’repairing the Road from a Place called they had directed him to report to the House; and he " The Golden Farmer, near in the County of

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered " Surrey, to Hertfordbridge Hill, in the County of the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: " Sowhole Names are thereunto sub-

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; feribed, was presented to the House, and read; Set-and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the ting forth. That, by virtue of the said Act, the-Sum Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by of £. 1,000 was borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls the House. ' and Duties arising therefrom, which, together with the

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That Tolls and Duties (after Payment of the Inter ell of the Vol. 3$. said

.. Mr. Gafeoyne, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain to grant Commissions or Letters of Marque to the Commanders of Private Ships and Vessels, to take and make Prize of all Ships or Vessels, and their Cargoes, belonging to, or pofi’elsed by, any of tire Inhabitants of the Colonies of Nezo stampfiire, Mafachufet's Bay, Rhode Island, Connecticut, Nezo York, Nero Jersey, Pensylvania, the Three Lower Counties on Delaioare, Maryland,

120 6* Februarii.

said Sum) have been applied in making and repairing the said Road, and erecting a Toll House and Turnpike Gates thereon, and for such other Purposes as are by the said Act directed; and that the whole of the Money so borrowed still remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the Road kept in sufficient Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and the Powers thereof continued: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in-a Bill for enlarging the Term, and continuing the Powers, of the said Act, tinder such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Henry John, Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Grateney, A Petition of several Noblemen of the County of Dumfries, and also the humble Petition of several Road*. Gentlemen, Heritors, and others, Proprietors of Lands in the same County, on Behalf of themselves and others, was. presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the High Road leading from Grateney, by Lockerby, to Moffat, and thence to the Confines of the County of Dumfries, with the Counties of Peebles and Laherk, and also the High Road from Dumfries, by Lochniaben, to Moffat, and also the High Road from A nnan, by Dumbretton, Kirtlebridge, Springkell, A uchen-bedrig, and Irvine, to Langholme, are in a ruinous Condition, and in feme Places narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and the several other Highways or Roads within the said County of Dumfries would be better repaired, and it would be more easy and convenient for Persons liable by Law to perform Statute labour thereon, if a reasonable Composition in Money was to be paid in lieu of such Statute Labour: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping the said Roads in Repair, and for converting the Statute Labour within the said County of Dumfries into Money, and for applying the same towards repairing the Highways within the same County, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Major Laurie, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

forth. That there are, within the faltl Township, several Open Common Fields and Mesne Inclosures, with a considerable Tract of Commons and Waste Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners, and others; and that, by reason of the said Common Fields and Waste Grounds lying Operand Uninclosed, and of the said Mesne Inclosures being the mixed Property of divers Owners having specific Parcels of Land therein, the -fame cannot be cultivated to the belt Advantage; and that it would be for the great Benefit of the several Persons interested, if the said Common Fields and Waste Grounds were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them, in Proportion to their respective Rights and Interests therein; and also if the said Mesne Inclosures were held in Severalty by the respective Proprietors of the fame, by convenient Exchanges made of the said mixed Lands and divers Properties lying the rein, by Commissioners to be appointed for those Purposes: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Common Fields,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, and for exchanging and allotting the Lands in the said Mefiie Inclosures amongst the several Owners of the fame, under such Rules and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

Sir George Savile and Mr. Charles Mellish do prepare, and bring in the lame.

Mr. Walter reported from the Committee, to whom Great . the Bill to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Bur- Tomngtpn gefies, of the Town of Great Torrington, in the County Woollen of Devon, and other Trustees, to grant Part of the *"* "" Common, or Waste Lands, called Great Torrington Cowman, to William Cation, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, and other the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee, had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon tlieQuestion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Cattaneo’* A Petition of Francis Gawas presented to the

Nat. House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner observes, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for naturalizing Horace Cattaneo: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Horace Cattaneo, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for naturalizing the Petitioner Francis Gaudot.

Monkbretton A Petition of the Owners of Lands and Estates Inclosure. }n the Township of A footherwise Burton, in the Parish of Royftone, in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting 20

A Petitio.n of several of the Owners and Proprietors Ramsey of Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, lying in Drainage, the several Parishes of Ramsey, Farceitt, Stanground, and Watemewton, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act; was made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " draining and-preserving certain Fen Lands and Low " Grounds, in the several Parishes of Bury,

Wiftow, Warboys, Farceitt, Stanground, and Waternewton, in the County of Hunti, and of Doddington in the Hie of Ely, and County of ;"

and that the Fen Lands and Low Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners and others, lying in the several Parishes above mentioned, constitutethe District in the said Act called The Fourth District; and that the said Act has been found ineffectual for the Purpose of

draining

121

17 Geo. III. 6°

draining and preferring the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds; and that there are Two Commons lying in the Parish of Ramsey aforesaid, containing together

i,oooo Acres, or thereabouts; and lying contiguous to the said Fourth Dfjlrict; and also a certain Piece of Several Land, called Drapers containing 30

Acres, or thereabouts; which, from Want of proper Drains and Engines, and also from Want of proper Banks, are subject to be overflowed, and cannot be properly drained and embanked without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending and rendering more effectual the said Act, so far as the same relates to the Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the said Fourth Dislrid-, and for draining and preserving the said Two Commons, and Piece of Several Land called Drapers Delph.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as.it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Ludlow, Sir John Hynde Cotton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

ceflary Expences of the said Act, and some of the Pre-vifioris of the said Act have been found inconvenient and defective; and that, as well for the more effectual repairing the said Road, and for keeping the same in Repair, as also for the better Security of the Creditors, it is necessary the said Act, and the Powers, Provisions, and Regulations thereof,'should be explained, altered, enlarged, and amended, and the said Term further enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, altering, enlarging, and amending, the said Act, and the Powers and Regulations thereof, and for enlarging the said Term, and for making such further Provisions for the Repair of the said Roads respectively comprized therein, as shall be judged expedient, and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Kirmington

Indolurc,

Salta fh Hoad*.

A Petition of Charles Anderson Pelham, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Kimington otherwise Kirmington,

in the County of Lincoln, and Owner of the Rectory Impropriate of the said Parish, and also a Proprietor of several Lands and Grounds in the said Parish, and of Sir John Neitherpe , Baronet, William Richmond, Thomas Morris, and George Marris, Proprietors of Other Lands and Grounds, lying within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Uninclosed Arable Fields, Open and Common Pastures, arid Waste Grounds, or other Open and Common Lands and Grounds, containing in the Whole 1,800 Acres, or thereabouts, which lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of much Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be of Advantage to all the Parties interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said several Open and Uninclosed Arable Fields, Open and Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, or other Open and Common Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Kir-nington, otherwise Kirmington, aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie and Mr. Vyner do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament of the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act; for repairing and widening several u Roads, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, lead- ing to the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall," was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That, by the said Act, divers Powers were given, and divers Tolls imposed, for the Purpose of repairing the Roads therein comprized, for a Term of Twenty-one Years, arid from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; in pursuance whereof, several Sums of Money have been borrowed

the Credit of the Tolls, which have been applied to the Repair of the said Roads, but have been found inadequate for the Purpose, the Roads wanting Hill great Repair, and the Tolls. proving inefficient to pay the Interest of the Money borrowed and the ne-

y*L. 36.

Mr. Ord presented to the House, according to Homclitf Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Piece Inclosure. of Common or Waste Ground, lying in the Village of llorncliff and HomcliffLone End, in the Parish of

Norham, in the County of Durham: And the faipe was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the Land Owners and Per- Bleafey fons interested in the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Inclosure. and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Bleajby in the County of Nottingham was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the said Parish, which lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are inconveniently situated, so that the same are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the fame, together with the Waste Grounds, were divided and inclosed, it would tend to the great Benefit and Advaptage of the’ Parties concerned: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BiH, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Edward Bentinck and the Earl of Lincoln do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Land Owners and Persons interested in the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Townships of Edingley, Ilalam, Greavejlane, and Ofvumdthorpe, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the said Townships,' which lie intermixed, and dispersed in, small Parcels, and are inconveniently situated, so, that the same are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the fame, together with the Waste Grounds, were divided and inclosed, it would tend to the great Benefit and Advantage of the Parties concerned: And therefore praying. That Leave tpay be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Edward Bentinck and the Earl of Lincoln do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

I i A Petition

Edingley* See. Inclosure*

122

6° Februarii.

A. 1777.

Fameifield A Petition of several of the Land Owners and Per-lodofnre. fons jntcrested in the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Forest, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Farne{field, in the County of was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the said Parish, which lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are inconveniently situated, so that the same are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the fame, together with the Forest and Waste Grounds, were divided and inclosed, it would tend to the great Benefit and Advantage of the Parties concerned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Edward Bentinck and the Earl of Lincoln do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

America; Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to ®'11. empower His Majesty to secure and detain Persons fafpe&d charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of High Persons. Treason committed in North America, or on the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy: And that the Lord North, Sir Grey Cooper, Lord George Germain, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

Uckfield, Ordered, That Mr. Neionham do make the Report Road from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Union Point, near the Town of Uckfield, in the County of Sussex, to Langney Bridge, in the Parish of Westham, in the said County; and for more effectually repairing „ the said Road; and fiifo for amending, widening, and

keeping in Repair, the Road from The Side Gate, on the llorfebridge Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Ucllingly, to the Turnpike Road leading from Qrofs-in* Hand to Burtoash, in the said County, was committed.

Mr. Newnham accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be repprted to the House; and he read the Ileport in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are- necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed,

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

SabG diary The Lord North presented to the House, by His Troop*; Majesty’s Command,

Hcfle Caflirll. Copy of a Convention between His Majesty and the Landgrave of Hejfe Csigned at nth De-

cember 1776; and Translation.

And the Titles of the said Copy and Translation Were read.

The said Copy is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Translation is as followeth;

Translation of a Convention Between His Majesty and the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfell, concluded and signed at Cajfell the 11 th Day of December 1776.

His Britannick Majesty having desired that the Corps 17

of Hejfian Chasseurs, now in His Service in should be augmented. His Minister Plenipotentiary, Colonel William Faucitt, and the Baron Martin de Schliejfen, Minister of State and Lieutenant General of H is Molt Serene Highness the Reigning Landgrave of HqffeCajfell, furnished with the full Powers of their

respective Mailers, have agreed upon what follows:

1.

The Corps of Chasseurs, including those already in America, Avail- be augmented to One thousand and Sixty-seven Men, instead of Two hundred and Sixty-two Men, of which it at present consists. In the room of Two Companies, of which it is now composed, Six shall be formed; Five of which shall serve on Foot, and One on Horseback, on the Footing of Hussars: His Majesty Avail cause them to be provided with Horses and-Forage; His Moll Serene Highness Avail equip them with every Thing necessary besides for the Service on Horseback.

2.

The Pay of the Chasseurs, as well Foot as Horse, Avail be higher than that which his Majesty allows to the IJeJJian Infantry, in the same Proportion as it was during the last War.

3’

The said Pay for the new Augmentation shall commence from the Day of the Signature of this Coven tion. But as the Number of Men stipulated is not yet entirely collected, the Deficiency shall not be paid for but in Proportion as the Men shall be enlisted, according to the Returns which shall be made with the utnvoll Exactness, and duly certified.

4*

This Augmentation Avail be composed only of experienced Chasseurs, all well-trained Marksmen; and if it is not poffvble to find the Number demanded of these Ikilfiil Marksmen, His Majesty will content himself with a less Number, rather than accept of Men not having the Dexterity requisite; and although i£ is impossible to fix exactly the Time in which this Augmentation may be entirely completed, seeing that Hejfe alone has not so many of these Chaflfeurs by Pro-session, and that they must be engaged in the neighbouring Countries, it is promised, that all that is poffvble shall be done, in Order to assemble them in a very short Time, and to cause them to march, without Delay, for their Destination.

5’

Every Thing that has lately been agreed upon in the Treaty of the 15th of January, in the present Year, with respect to the Corps of in general,

now in His Majesty’s Service, shall extend to this new Augmentation of the Corps of Chasseurs: The Subsidy Avail be proportionably augmented: Thirty Crowns Banco per Head, Levy Money, shall be paid for the Companies of Foot; and Forty-five Crowns Banco per Head Avail be paid for the Troop of Horse, as their Equipage is a great deal more expensive.

6.

This Convention shall be ratified by the High contracting Parties, and the Ratifications thereof Avail bp exchanged as soon as possible.

In Testimony whereof. We, the undersigned, being furnished with the full Powers of His Majesty the King of Great Britain on the one Part, and of His Most Serene Highness the Reigning Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfell on the other Part, have signed the present Convention, and have caused the Seals of our Arms to be affixed thereto.

Done at Cajfell this nth, of December, in the Year

*776-

William Faucitt (^j Martin Ernest de Schlieffen.

7 Geo. III. 6* Februarii.

ESTABLISHMENT of the whole Corps of Chasseurs.

Staff.

t Colonel

j Lieutenant Colonel i Major i Adjutant t Auditor

i Quarter Mailer Major

1 Surgeon Major

2 Armourer and his Assistant I Farrier

i Assistant Sadler i Waggon Matter

i Servant for the Waggon with the Military Chest

1 Servant for the Waggon with the Medicine Chest

2 Provost and his Servant

13 Total of the Staff

i Troop of Horse.

2 Captain and his Servant Lieutenants and their Servants Second Lieutenants and their Servants a Serjeants

2 Quarter Matters io Corporals

i Surgeon

3 Trumpeters 150 Chasseurs

1 Servant for the Ammunition Carriage

179 Total of One Troop of Horse

r Company of Foot.

2 Captain and his Servant 2 Lieutenant and his Servant 2 Second Lieutenant and his Servant

2 Serjeants l Fourier

1 Mailer of Arms 10 Corporals 1 Surgeon

3 French Horns 150 Chasseurs

1 Servant for the Ammunition Carriage

175 Total of One Company of Foot

1

700 — of Four Others

179---- of One Troop of Horse

13 ----- of the Staff

1,067 Total of the whole Corps of Chasseurs

Vol. 36.

Leeds

tin*'

Harwood

Road.

724

6° Februarii. A. 1777.

N O

Of this Corps there is now already in America,

a Captains 2 Lieutenants Second Lieutenants

1 Quarter Mailer Major

24 Non-commissioned Officers

2 Surgeons

6 French Horns 210 Chasseurs

1 Servant for the Waggon with the Military Chest

2 Servants for the Ammunition Carriages 8 Officers Servants.

262 Total of the Corps now in America.

Total

Ordered, That the said Copy and Translation do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Lawrence reported from the Committee, to Whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution the Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, and from thence in Two Branches (One through Ripley, over Burage Green, and the other through Knaref-borough and Boroughbridge) to and from thence

to the First Rill of Water or Watercoufe on Hutton Moor, in the County of York, and for repairing the Sloughs or Rutts on the said Moor, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the.Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; And is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Martin, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the stud Acts, arid have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which has been laid out in the repairing the said Roads; and he produced to your Committee the Books of Account belonging to the Trull; w'heteby it appears, that there is now due and owing upon the Credit of the Tolls arising on the Road between Harrogate and Hutton Moor the Sum of £. 1,200, and upon the Credit of the Tolls arising upon the Road between Ripon and Kirkbyhill the Sum of £. 550: And the Witness further

T E,

Therefore the new Augmentation consists of

1 Colonel and Captain 1 Lieutenant Colonel and Capt*m 1 Major and Captain 1 Adjutant 1 Captain 5 Lieutenants

3 Second Lieutenants 1 Auditor

1 Surgeon Major

60 Non-commissioned Officers

4 Surgeons

3 Trumpeters

9 French Horns 690 ChalTeurs

2 Armourer and his Assistant 1 Farrier

1 Assistant Sadler 1 Waggon Mailer -

1 Servant for the Waggon with the Medicine Chest

4 Servants for the Ammunition Carriages 12 Officers Servants

2 Provosts and their Servants

805 Total of the new Augmentation.

- - 1,067 Heads.

said. That the Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, and the Money now due and owing be repaid, unless the Term of the said Acts is further continued, the Tolls encreased; and the Powers of the said Acts enlarged; and that he apprehends it would be a Convenience to the Public if the said Roads were separated and divided into Two Distri&s: Then,

Mr. Thomas Bri/low, Junior,' also produced to your Committee an Account of the Monies borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls arising upon the Road from Leeds to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of

Harrogate; whereby it appears, that there is now owing upon the Credit of the Tolls arising upon the said Road the Sum of £.2,800: And being examined, he said, That he has viewed the said Roads; and that the same are in some Parts bad, and cannot be kept in sufficient Repair, and the Money now owing be repaid, unless the Term is further continued, and the Powers of the said Acts are altered and enlarged.

’ Mr. Charles Harrison, Surveyor to the Ripon Branch of Roads, being examined, said. That the Roads are in some Parts bad; and that if the Term of the said Acts is sufferedto expire, the Roads will go to Decay.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term, and continuing the Powers, of ' Two Acts of Parliament, One passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the " Roads from the Town of I.eeds, through " wood, to the South Welt Corner of the Inclosures of " Harrogate, and from thence in Two Branches (One " through Ripley over Burage Green, and the other " through Knaresborough and Boroughbridge) to Ripon,

" and from thence to the First Rill of Water or Watercourse on Hutton Moor, in the County of York, and " for repairing the Sloughs or Rutts on the said Moor;"

Lrec|*

thro’

Ripon

Roods.

Lftsm of Mtrqif; American Colonies.

Hoxton

Square

AfTdTnieiit.

17 Geo. III. 6° Februarii. 125

and the other, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, to explain and amend the said first-mentioned Act, with respect to the Road from the Town of Leeds, through liar-wood, to the South West

Corner of the Inclosures of ;And that Mr.

Lau rence and Mr. Daniel do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, One passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of lfts late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Roads from the " Town of Leeds, through H, to the South West

" Conner of the Iqclolures of and from

" thence in Two; -Branches (One through Ripley over " Burage Green, and the other through Knaresborough " and BoroughbriejgeJ,to Rand from thence to

" the First Rill of Water or Watercourse on Hutton " Moor, in the County of Yorkand for nmairingjthe " Sloughs or Rutts on the said Moor;" and the other,

{jailed in thy, Twenty-n^nth Year of his said Majesty’s feign, to explain and amend the said first-mentjoned Act, with respect to those Parts of the said Roads from Harrogate, through Ripley and Ripon, to the North Fall Corner of Hutton Moor, and from the Ealt End of Kirkby Hill Moor to the Town of Ripontifore-bud: And that Mr .'Lawrenceand Mr. Daniel Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Pill for enabling the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain to grant Commissions, or Letters of Marque, to the Commanders of private Ships and Vessels, to take and: make Prize of all Ships or Vessels, and their Cargoes, belonging to or possessed by any of the Inhabitants of the Colonies of New MaJI'achufet'sBay, Rhode IjlanConnecticut, New York,

Neui Jersey, Pqujylvqnia, the Three lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland? Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, for a Time to be limited, was read tl»e Third Time.

Rifolvea, That the Bill do pass; And. that the Title be, 'An Act for enabling the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain to grunt Commissions, or Letters of Marque, to the Commanders of private Ships and Vessels, employed in Trade pr retained in His Majesty’s Service, to take and make Prize of all such Ships and Vessels, and their Cargoes, as are therein mentioned, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

k

Mr. Alderman llayley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the fcvoral Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors and Inhabitants of 1 louies in Horton Square, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County o was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he.read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s 'Fable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. George Wyatt, a Surveyor, being examined, laid, lie knows Horton Square — -that the wooden Railing which served to inclose the Area in the Middle ^thereof, is nearly demolished — that the Ground is in such a Condition, that, though capable of being rendered very ornamental to the Square, it is at present a Nuisance to the Inhabitants — that it would be beneficial to the Owners of Houses in the Square to have the same ii*dolbd in a proper Manner, but that the same cannot be done without the Afiiflance of Parliament.

Vol. 36.

And he informed your Committee, That the said Piece of Ground contains no more than 2,900 superficial Yards — that the Inhabitants of the Square are entitled to a Kind of Right of Common thereon, which is of no Value, and which they are walling to relin-quifli, as it will tend materially to promote the present Plan for embellishing and improving the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and embellishing the middle Part of Square, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex ;and for extinguishing any

Right of Common thereon: And that Mr. Alderman Hayley and Mr. Alderman Oliver do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Peter Delme', Esquire/and John Wad-

man, Esquire, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, feir and on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Common and Open' Fields of Earl Stoke, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Estates of the Petitioners, and the several other Persons, situate within the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Places, in the said Parish of Earl Stoke, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Circumstances are incapable of being improved to their utmost Advantage; and that! it would be beneficial for the Petitioners and the other Parties interested in ihe' Premises, if the said Open and Common Fields, and other CorlwrtOnable Places, ivere divided, allotted, and inclosed, according to the respective Rights of the Petitioners and the several other Persons interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bilk for dividing a.nd iri-closing the said Open and Common Fields,' Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within1 the said Parish of Earl Stoke, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Owen of Pembroke, Mr. Elwes, and Sir William Guije, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, Whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, within the Barony or Manor of Langley, and in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland, on Behalf of themselves and others having, or claiming to have. Right of Common upon the Common Moor, or Trabt of Waste Ground herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is, within and Parcel of the said Barony or Manor, and in the Parish of Warden, a Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called Lees Fell,- otherwise Morralee, and Common

and Hogg Bank, containing, by Estimation, 600 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Commissioners and Governors of Greenwich Hospital are Lords of the said Barony or Manor, and as such are seised of, or entitled unto, the Soil and Inheritance and Royalties of the said Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground; and the said Commissioners and Governors, and others, their Trustees, Lessees, Farmers, or Tenants, for or in respect of, or as appendant, appurtenant, or belonging to, their several Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, within the Parish of Warden, and Barony or Manor of Langley aforesaid, have, or claim to be entitled to, Right of Common in, upon, and throughout, the said Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground; and that the said Commissioners and Governors, and the Petitioners, are delirous that the said Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, which, in its present State, is of little Use, may be cultivated and improved, and for that Purpose set out, divided, and allotted, to and amongst the said Lords of the said Barony or Manor, and the several Proprietors of Messuages, Lands. Tenements, and Hereditaments, entitled to Right of Com-

K k mon

Ear! Stole* Inclosur*

Langley

Iuclolurc#

V

Ptmoud’s

Nat.

Soitau9t (and others) Nat.

Clapham

Church.

Banning’s

Nat.

Centlhrres’

Nat.

Vlughts’

Nat.

Hen field, Ac. Road.

i a6

6° — 7° Februarii.

A. 1777.

mon on the said Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the Housemay feenl meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Middleton and Sir Charles Hardy do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for naturalizing Marcellin Pemoud, was read atSecopd Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing George William Gerhard Berck, Henry Albrecht , and Gunter

Henry Kroger, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that , the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Grey Cooper, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table :N Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1777, be defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax granted for the Service of the Year 1777.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Sir Grey Cooper and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

' And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow ’ Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Way* and Meant.

Ordered, That all have V oices who come to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trullees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for vesting a Piece of Waste Ground " within, and Parcel of, the Manor of Clapham, in the County of Surrey, in Trullees, and for enabling " them to build a new Parish Church thereon," whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Bernard

Bawling, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Ernest Bernard Banning.

Ordered, That Mr. Ehoes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Centlivres, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing John Centlivres.

Ordered, That Mr. Elwes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Willem Vlught, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Willem Vlught.

Ordered, That Mr. Elices do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from The Maypole, at the End of the Turnpike Road in the Town of Hatfield, in the County of Sussex, over Common, to the

Town of BrighthelmftoJi, and from Poynings Common aforesaid, to High CroJ's, in the Parish of Alboumc j and from thence for the Distance of Two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards Tivineham, in the said County, Was committed.

And the House being informed that no Counsel attended;.

The said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Comipittee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second d ime, were, upon the Question.severally put thereupon, agreed to by the I louse.

*7

Venerisy j° die Februarii',

Anno 170 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1777.

lYERS.

A PETITION of the Commissioners for paving, St. Tames, lighting, and watching, that Part of the Parish Ckrkenwell, of Clerkenwell called Saint James's, and of other the PavulS*

Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners obtained an Act of Parliament in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An .'* Act for paving, repairing, lighting, and watching,

"the Streets, and other public Passages and Places,

" within that Part of the Parish of Clerkenwell called " Saint James's, and removing Obstructions and Arinoyances therein, for widening the Passage from " Clerkenwell Green to the Parish Church, and for

watching and lighting certain Highways within the " said Parish;" and that, the Commissioners having proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, many Doubts have arisen upon several Clauses contained therein, and muchJJtigation and Expence is likely to ensue thereon; and that the Rates, which the Commissioners are authorized to make by the said Act, are inadequate to the Purposes intended, and it would be greatly for the Benefit of the said Parish, if the Commissioners were empowered to cleanse the said Part of the said Parish, and to repair the Highways in the said Parish; and that it would be of great Utility to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, if the Passage leading from Clerkenwell Cloje to Ro/oman Street was widened, 0

by taking down a small House and Sheds behind the fame, in the Occupations of John M‘Gee and John Newman, and laying the Ground belonging thereto into the said Passage, and if the Footway leading from Ro/oman Street to Saint John Street was widened, and a Carriage Way made there; and that, the said Parish being very extensive, it would be greatly beneficiad to the Inhabitants, if a Chapel was erected, under the Direction of the said Commissioners, near Penton Street, in the said Parish: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act, and to authorize the Commissioners to

cleanse

i7 Geo. III. . 7* Fekruarii. 127

cleanse the said Part of the said Parish, and to repair the Highways in the said Parish, and to make an additional Kate for the Purposes of doing the fame, and in Aid of the Kate lor paving, lighting, and watching; and to widen the Way or Passage from Clerkamell Clo/eto Rcfoman Street, by taking down the said House

and Sheds, and laying open the said Ground to widen the said Footway leading from Rofoman Street to Saint John Street; and to raise a Sum of Money, not exceeding £.5,000, upon their transferable Bonds, or upon Annuities for Lives, or otherwise, for the Purpose of erecting a Chapel; and to build a Chapel near Fenton Street aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it IliaII appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pent on, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. .

Ftalbury, The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door, they were called ®ho,e,‘ in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, And Commons, of the City of in Common Coun-

cil assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That an Act was made in the N intli Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable- the Reverend Christopher Wi(/bnrY>o^or in Divinity, Preben-

dary of the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul, London,

" to make and grant, unto the Mayor and Commonalty " and Citizens of the City of London, a I case of the " Prebendal Estate of Jlalihoeli and Finsbury,' in the " Suburbs of the said City, for a Term of 99 Years;f’ and, in pursuance thereof, a Lease was executed, by the said Christopher Wilson, to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, for the said Term of Years, and subject to such Rents and Reservations as required and directed by the said Act; and that Part of the old Buildings then Handing on the said Prebendal Ellate has been taken down, and new Dwelling Houses and other Buildings erected inllead thereof, and the Petitioners are proceeding to lay out the Remainder of the Premises into proper Squares and Streets, for the Erection of Houses and Buildings for the Accommodation of Merchants and others, according to the Intention of the said Act; and that the Improvement of the said Estate will be of great Advantage as well to the Petitioners as to the said Prebendary, anil his Successors, and also to the Public in general; but, as proper Drains and Sewers are necessary to be made for carrying oft' the Water from such intended new Buildings, as also for draining other Parts of the said Estate, and as the Petitioners are not inverted with fufiiclent Powers for that Purpose: Therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Petitioners to make proper Drains and Sewers for the Purpose aforesaid, and for laying a Rate upon the Owners, Tenants, and Occupiers, of such intended new Buildings, sufficient to defray the Charges of re-. pairing and cleansing the fame, from Time to Time, in Gich Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the . Confkleration of a Committee: And that they do ex-. amine the Matter thereof: and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Oliver, Mr. Al-. Herman Wilkes, &c.And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the , Vot- 3O'.

Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable George O'Brien Boltan Earl of Egremont, Lord of the Manor of , in fodofiue. the County of Cumberland, and the humble Petition of the several other Persona whose Names fire thereunto subscribed, being, or claiming to be, entitled to Righ| of Common upon the Commons and Waste Grounds withip the said Manor of Bolton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is, within the said Manor, a large Tract of Common and Waste Ground, which, in its present State, is of little Value to the Persons entitled toRight of Common thereupon; and, if the same were divided, inclosed, and allotted amongst the Petitioners and the several other Persons entitled to Right of Common, in Proportion to their respective Interests therein, the same would be of great Advantage »

to all the Parties ?and not only greatly improve their Estates, but would also be of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a BUI for dividing, and indenting the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Bolton, in the County of Cutnberland, in such Manner and Form, with such Powers, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem moll just and equitable. t

Ordered, That Leave be giyen to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Player of the said Petition: And that Mr. Marshamand Mr. Herbert, do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable George O'Brien Egremont Earl of Egremont, Lord of the Manor of Egreruont, ip inclosure. the County of Cumberland, and the humble Petition of several Persons entitled to a Right of Common upon certain. Commons and Wastes within the ftiid Manor, was presented to, the House,.and read; Setting forth.

That the Lands in the said Commons and Wastes are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be of public Utility, and tend tp. the Advantage of all Parties interested; and that the Petitioners and several other Persons, entitled to a Right of Common upon the said Commons and Wastes, or those under whom they claim, have agreed to have the same divided and,

inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons and Wastes, in such Manner and Form, with such Powers, and Under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Marsham and Mr. Herbert do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bond reported from the Committee, to whom p0oleGate the Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Road*. Execution an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening several Roads " leading from a Gate called Poole Gate, in the " Town and County of Poole;" and also of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain,

" amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing and " widening several Roads leading from a Gate called " Poole Gate, in the Town and County of and

also of the Inhabitants of the said Town and County of Poole, whose Names are thereunder subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had

directed

ta8

7® Februarii. A. 1777.

directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read. And,

Mr. John Oliver, Senior. Ibid. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, which now remains due; which Money, together with the Tolls collected, have been applied in the repairing of the said Roads, and that great Progress has been made in the Repairs thereof; but the Roads cannot be effectually, amended and kept' in Repair, and the Money now due and owing on the Credit of the said Act be paid off, unless the Term of the said Act is continued, and some further and greater Powers granted to the Trustees.

And the Witness informed your Committee, That the Street or Way leading from Poole Gate to The Town House Steps (being Half a Mile in Length,.or thereabouts) is ill paved, and in some Parts narrow and incommodious, and is not properly cleansed, and that the same cannot be effectually widened and paved, cleansed and repaired, and made fate and commodious for Passengers, without the Aid of Parliament.

And being asked. If the present Rates raised upon the Inhabitants are sufficient to pave and cleanse the said Street or Way, and to widen and render the Passage thereof safe and convenient? he said. They were not; and added, that it will be necessary to purchase some Garden Grounds belonging to Mr. John Hyne, John Peaton, and Joseph or One of them,

which the Inhabitants have no Power to do.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, leading from a Gate in the Town and County of called Poole Gate; and for repealing Two Acts of Parliament, of the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Years of his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads; and also for applying a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, towards paving, repairing, and widening, a certain Street or Way, within the said Town and County of Poole:And that Mr. Bond, Sir Eyre Coote, and Mr. Mauger, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Poole, ftc. Mr. Bond reported from the Committee, to whom Road, the Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " explain, alter, and amend, an Act for repairing and " widening several Roads leading from between the " Second and Third Mile Stones on the Turnpike " Road between the Town and County of Poole and " WinbomMinfer, in the County oiDorset, to Bratton

" Corner, in the County of Somerset; and for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike " Road in Brianjion, to or near a House called Fontleroy's Farm House, in the County of Dorset;" and also of several Peri'ons who have lent and advanced Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising within the Roads, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Oliver, Senior, being examined, said, That the Trustees for the Eastern Division of Road, by the said Act-directed to be repaired, have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed the Sum of £. 2,400 upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted to be taken within the said Division; which has been applied in repairing the said Road; but that the said Road cannot be kept in good and sufficient Repair, nor the Money now owing be repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Act is further continued, and the Powers thereof altered arid enlarged; and that it will be necessary, in some Respects, to vary the Tolls taken in the said Division.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging several of the Powers, contained in an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road from the Turnpike Road between the Town and County of Poole and Winbom M infer, in the County of Dorset, to the Turnpike Roadin the Parish of Brianjion, in the said County of Dorset, which leads from Forum

to Dorchffer: And that Mr. Bond, Sir Eyre Coote, and Mr. Mauger, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A. Bill for dividing the Chafe of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes therein

mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Hyde, Mr. Byng, Suer. And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Owners of Houses and Inhabitants of Prince's Square, in the Parish of Saint George, Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Application has been made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for opening certain Ways, and paving several Streets and other Places, in the said Parish, and in the Parish of Saint John of Wapping; and th^t. the said Square, with the Avenues leading thereto from Ratcliffe Highway, and a Place called The Back Lane, in the said Parish of George, are at present very ill paved, and rendered incommodious by Polls and other Annoyances and Incroachments therein; and it would be a great Convenience to the Inhabitants, if the said Square and the Avenues thereto were properly paved, and such Annoyances and Incroachments removed: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee,'to whom the Petition of several of the Principal Inhabitants of the several Parishes of Saint George and Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Town of Great Torrington, in the County of Devon, and other

Trustees, to grant Part of the Common or Waste Lands called Great Torrington Common, to William Callon, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, and other the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Houi'e.-

Ordered,

Enfield

Chafe

Inclosure.

Wapping

Streets*

Great

Torrington

Woollen

Manufacture*

17 Geo. III. 7

129

Cantley

Incio&re.

Anglesey

RoaiU.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Freeholders, and others, of the Parish of Cantley, in the West Riding of the County of

York, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was pre-l'ented to the 1 Ioufe, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Parish, several Open Com- , mon Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present Situation, arc incapable of any considerable Improvement, but that, if the same were divided and inclosed, and Allotments thereof made to the Owners and all other Persons interested therein, according to their respective Shares, Rights, and Interelis, it would be an Improvement of their Estates: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Considerat iou, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and ineloling the said Lands and Grounds, in Inch Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think tit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursunnt to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. LnJ'ctdies and Sir John Goodricke do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Sir John Thomas Stanley, Baronet, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, an Act was made, for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the Road leading from Porthaethwy Ferry to Holyhead, in the County of and that there

are certain Powers contained in the said Act, by virtue of which the Trustees have erected a Wall or Embankment at a Place called Cricklain the Parish of anynghcncdle, under Pretence that the same was necessary for the Safety and Convenience of Persons and Carriages passing to and from Holyhead; and that the said \\ idl or Embankment is not necessary for the Safety and Convenience of Persons and Carriages passing and re passing to and from Holyhead, because a Road can be made near the present Turnpike Road, which will not require the said Wall or Embankment to render the said Road safe and convenient for Paflen-gers and Carriages; and representing to the House, that the Petitioner is Owner of certain Lands and Grounds lying near the Place where the said Wall or Embankment hath been made; and that the said Wall or Embankment hath totally destroyed a Navigation, and a large, safe, and commodious Harbour, by which the Petitioner and his Tenants are very great Sufferers: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for taking down the said Wall or Embankmen to, and to treftrain the said Trustees from making or erecting the same again, or any Work at the Mouth of the said Harbour, to the Prejudice of the Navigation thereof.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-. mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Grosvenor, the Lord New--borough, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday 'Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; -and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, sum! Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have V oices.

Cattanfo’s Mr. Iler.vikcrpresented to the House, according to and Order, a Bill for naturalizing Horace Cattaneo and Gaudot Francis Gaudot: And the same was received; and 1 a ’ read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Wfftminltrr A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate

Vol. 30.

Church of Saint Peter in Westminster, and of several Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Estates within the United Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, within the City and Liberty ,of Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That many Houses in Smith Street,

Street, Peter Street, and Tut hill Street, and in several other Streets and Places in the said Pagilhes, are some of them become ruinous, and others much reduced in Value, owing, as the Petitioners apprehend, to the Want of those Streets having commodious and safe Communications with each other, and with the other Parts of 'the said City and Liberty; and that it would contribute much to the Public Convenience, and be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Petitioners, and to several other Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Estates within the said Parishes, if proper Communications were opened with the Streets aforesaid, which may now be the more easily offered, as the said Dean and Chapter have lately pulled down the ruinous Prison of The Gatehouse, in order to erect another in a more proper Place: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Skynner, Sir Charles Whitworth, See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Lawrence presented to the House, according to Leeds Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term, and continuing thro* the Powers, of Two Acts of Parliament, One passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Ma- 09 jesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds, through " Harwood, to the South West Comer of the Inclosures of Idarrogate, and from thence in Two Branches " (One through Ripley over Burage Green, and the " other through Knaresborough and Boroughbridge) to " Ripen, and from thence to the First Rill of Water or " Watercourse on Hutton Moor, in the County of York,

" and for repairing the Sloughs or Rutts on the said " Moor;" and the other, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, to explain and amend the said First-mentioned Act, with respect to the Road from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Roxburgh the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new W rit for Roads* the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Roxburgh, in the room of the Right honourable Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, deceased.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for executing LoughboroUgu Two Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Seventeenth j>rby. Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George Roads! the Second, for repairing several hoads leading from the Town of Loughborough, in the County of

to the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, so far as relates to the Care of the Road from the Town of Loughboroughto Cavendish Bridge, in the said County of Leicester-, and also of some of the Creditors upon the said District of Road, and of several of the Inhabitants of the find Town of Loughborough, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Diliritt Li of

130

Februarii.

A.

1777.-

of Road has been continued to be amended, to the great Advantage of the Country, whereby a considerable Debt hath been contracted on the Credit of the Tolls; and the said Acts are near expiring, notwithstanding the additional Term granted by The Broad Wheel Act; and that the Road through the Town of Loughborough is, by reason of the great Number of Carriages with great Weights passing thereon, become in a very ruinous State; and that the before-mentioned District of Road cannot be kept in Repair, and the Money due paid off, unless the Terms of the said Acts be further continued, and the Provisions thereof amended; nor can the said Road through the said Town of Loughborough be sufficiently amended by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of the said Acts, so far as the same relate to the said Road from Loughborough to Cavendish Bridge aforesaid, and for amending the Road from the South Ealt End of , through a

I^ane called Leicester Lane, Part of Woodgate by The Market Crofis, Swan to the North West End of Loughboroughto a certain Place there called The Rn/hes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

with, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Kensington A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers

Poor, See. of the Poor, and other the Inhabitants and Parishioners of the Parish of Kensington, in the County of -/ex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Parish hath, of late Years, greatly increased in Buildings and Inhabitants, whereby the Poor are become very numerous, and the Poor Rates are daily increasing, and the Parish Officers are under greatDilficulties in providing proper Accommodations for their Reception; and that the Petitioners conceive, if a sufficient Workhouse was provided for the Parish, and put under the Management of proper Persons, to be from Time to Time appointed, the Poor of the said Parish would be better provided for, whereby the Petitioners would be greatly eased in the Poor Rates; and that the purchasing of Ground in the said Parish, and building such a Workhouse for the Reception of the Poor, would not, as the Petitioners believe, cost more than /. 4,000; and that, by Indentures of Lease and Relealc, dated the 31st Day of May, and ift Day of June 1757, certain former Trustees, therein named, conveyed to Robert Phillimore, Esquire, Stephen Pitt, Esquire, Edward Lloyd, Esquire, Robert Pilkington, Thomas Bird, and John Clarke, and Ten others (ftnee dead) as Trustees, certain Pieces or Parcels of Land and Premises therein mentioned, in Trust, to let the same for the Benefit of the Poor of Kensington, in such Manner, and according to the Directions of the Wills of Lord and Lady Campden; which Estates are now let upon Leases for short Terms of Years, nearly expired, at the annual Rent of £.54 only in the whole; and, that the Petitioners and the said surviving Trustees are offered, and could now let the said Parcels of Land ami Premises, at very considerable improved Rents and Fines, provided they were enabled to grant long building Leases thereof, and to dig for Brick Earth, Loom, and Gravel; und, that the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Parishioners, of Kensington aforesaid, are desirous that the same Estates, and all other their Estates, should be let out upon I^eases, for such Terms of Years, and at such reserved Rents, and in such *5

Manner, as shall be thought most beneficial to the said Trull, and that Three-fourths of the reserved Rents be, from Time to Time, applied in Aid of the Poor Rates, for paying Interest of Monies to be bor-Towed on Annuities to be granted, for raising Monies for purchasing Ground, and erecting a Workhouse, for the said Parish; which, the Petitioners conceive, will be of real' Benefit to the Poor, as lyell as to the Parishioners in general; and, that the remaining One-fourth may be applied for putting out poor Boys Apprentices; and that, by an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to empower " the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and " Vestry, of the Parish of Kensington, in the County " of Middlesex, to make a Rate or Rates for the Relie

" of the Poor, repairing the Highways, and dcanling " the Streets, within the said Parish," the Rates for 'the Relief of the Poor, repairing the Highways, and cleansing the Streets within the said Parish, are directed to be made equal Pound Rates or Assessments; and by the said Act it is also directed, that all the Rates to be thereafter made for the Relief of the Poor, and all other the Parochial Rates to be thereafter made in the said Parish, should be made according to the Land l ax Books of the said Parish for the Time being; and that, for many Reasons, no fair or equal Pound Rates can be made in the said Parish, according to the Poor Laws, so long as the Parochial Rates continue to be governed by the Land Tax Books;' and that, if lb much of the said Act of Parliament, as relates to the making of the Parochial Rates by the Land Tax Books was repealed, and if the Petitioners were empowered to make fair and equal Pound Rates, according to the true Rents, or Fines in lieu of Rents, actually paid by the Occupiers of Houses and Lands in the said Parish, and the Petitioners and the said Trustees were enabled to let the said Charity Estates in Manner aforesaid, and to appropriate the said Three-fourths of the Produce thereof, and of all other the said Estates, in Aid of such R°tes, and to raise Monies upon the Credit of such Rates, the Petitioners would thereby be enabled to purchase Land, and to build or provide such Workhouse and Accommodations for employing the Poor as aforesaid; and, if proper Powers were given to the Parishioners, to appoint a fit Number of Trustees, to be annually added to the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Overseers, for the Time being, for carrying the said Act into Execution, it would tend to the more easy Execution thereof: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-. mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it . shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Wilkes, Mr. Alderman Oliver, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

1

A Petition of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Warwick, in General Quarter Session assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Common Gaol of the said County, situate in the Borough of Warzoick, being too small for the Reception and Confinement of Prisoners, the Petitioners, as well as others, Justices of the Peace for the said County, have been obliged to commit many Offenders to the House of Correction, who otherwise they would have committed to the said Common Gaol; and that, at the Assizes held for the said County, on the 23d of March 1776, the said House of Correction was presented by the Grand J ury as insufficient for the Confinement of the Prisoners therein; and that, by

reason

Warwick

Gaol.

17 Geo. III. 7° Februarii 131

reason of its being too final^the Lives and Healths of the Prisoners might be thereby greatly endangered, and that the feme was in great Want of Enlargement; and that, in Consequence of such Presentment, the Justices, at their General Quarter Session holden the 16th o f April 1776, being of Opinion that certain Pre-mi iTes then belonging to Hannah Bat tiffin, Widow, adjoining to the said House of Correction, and which also adjoin to the said Gaol, should be immediately purtfiafed for enlarging the said House of Correction; they empowered any l'wo or more of the said Justices to contract with the said Hannah for the Purchase thereof; and Arthur Gregory and Samuel zcorl/i, Esquires, Two of the Justices for the said County, did contract for the said Premisses, and the same have been since conveyed to them, their Heirs and Assigns, upon Trull, that the same thou Id be made Use of, together with the said House of Correction, for the keeping, correcting, and setting to Work, idle, vagrant, and disorderly Persons, according to the Intent of certain Acts of Parliament, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King ^w^the First, and in the Seven- teenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second; and that, since the said Purchase was made, it hath been found that it will be much more convenient and useful if the whole or Part of the Premisses, so purch^fed for the Purpose of charging the said House of Correction, were made use of for enlarging the said County Gaol; and that, if the said Gaol is enlarged, it will then become unnecettary to enlarge the said House of Correction, or at lealt to apply the whole of the said Premisses to such Enlargement; but, in regard the said Premisses are wholly veiled in Trustees for enlarging the said House of Correction, the Petitioners apprehend, they are not authorized to make Use of the same for any other Purpose: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable them to make use of t he said Premisses, or of such Part thereof as shall be judged necessary, for enlarging the said County Gaol, or that the said County Gaol may be enlarged by some other Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consuleration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

H»y and A Petition of several Persons residing in and near Straw; the Cities of London and who buy large

Sdcfmau ®uant‘t'es of Hay and Straw for their own Consumption, on Behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, an Act was made, to ascertain the Weight of Trusses of Straw, and to punish Deceits in the Sale of I lay and Straw in Trusses, in London and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within the Distance of Thirty Miles thereof, and to prevent common Sales-mcn of Hay and Straw from buying the same on their own Account to fell again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and that the Petitioners conceive the said Act to be very defective in many respects, the Penalties therein prescribed being too final! to prevent Persons offending against the fame, and the Time limited for the Recovery too short to detect and punish such Offenders; and that, if the said Act was amended, and Provision made for licensing Salesmen of Hay and Straw, and for effectually reltraining them from buying and selling the same on their own Account, it would be a Means of reducin g the presenthigh Price of Hay and Straw within the Cities o and Westminster

You 36.

and Parts adjacent: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending the said Act, and for licensing and regulating Salesmen of Hay and Straw within the Limits aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee 1 And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Whitworth, Sir Charles Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Matter Dyers and Calhcoe Dyers, Printers, within the Counties of Middlesex, Effix, Sur- &c. rey, and Kent, in Behalf of themselves and all others regulating carrying on the said Businesses in those Counties, was ,he TradCi presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act containing divers *5 Orders for Artificers, Labourers, and Servants of " Husbandry, and Apprentices," whereby the Petitioners are prohibited from employing any Persons, in their respective Trades, but such as have served an Apprenticetti ip thereto, which Prohibition is very detrimental to the Petitioners Occupations, by reason there are not Persons enough to carry oh the same who have served Apprenticeships thereto, as required by the said Act: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief therein as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: '

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr.

Alderman Oliver, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power, to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John Evans, Gentleman, was presented London to the House, and read; Setting forth,. That an Act Coal Meter’s was made in' the Seventh Year of the Reign of His °®ce* present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent Frauds " and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals sold by Wharf Measure, within the City of London and Li* '

" berties thereof, and between Tower Dock and " house Hole, in the County of Middlesex," which was to continue in Force from the ift Day of 1767 for the Term of Fourteen Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and, by the said Act, the Petitioner was appointed Principal Coal Meter within the Limits aforesaid, subject to the Power, Jurisdiction, and Controul, of the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the said City; and that the several Evils in the Act complained of have been fully remedied, and every other good Purpose thereby intended effectually answered; but that, if it should be suffered to expire, there is great Reason to apprehend the like Frauds and Abuses would again be practised:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the said Act for such further Term as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr, Alderman Harley, Mr.

Alderman Oliver, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons Papers, and Records.

A Pe-

KillamaHli

Inclosure.

Strcrton

Inclosure.

Shirlind

Inclosure.

Butt Laney &c. Roads.

13a 70 Februarii. 1777.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of the several Open Fields, Arable Lauds, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of , in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the several Open Fields, Arable Lands, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the said Manor, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and allotted amongst the several Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, it would be a considerable Improvement of their Fitates: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under Inch Regulations as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Curzon, dnd Lord Richard

Cavendish, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Stretton, in the Parishes of Nand in the County of Derby, was presented to thp House, and read; Setting forth. That the said several Commons and "Waste Grounds, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and allotted amongst the several Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interolts, it would be a considerable Improvement of their Estates: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to'bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Curzon, and Lord Cavendish, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Shirland, in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said several Commons and Waste Grounds, in their present Situar tion, are incapable of Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and allotted amongst the several Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interelis, it would be a considerable Improvement of their Estates: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Piyposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Curzon, and Lord Richard Cavendish, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Egor ton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition ofseveral Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Fourth and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Southermost Part of Bull Lane, in the Parish of in the County Palatine of Chester, to and from thence

to JIcnshall Smithy, upon Cranage preen, in the said County, and of several other.Persons who have advanced and lent Money on the Credit of the said Acts, was referred; Tljat the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the

House; and he read th6 Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as lolloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Raildle Ford, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Trustees for the Care of the said Roads have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed near £. 1,506 upon the Credit thereof; which has been applied in repairing the said Roads, and other the Purposes of the said Acts.

That the Money lo borrowed Hill remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts bo further continued, and the said Acts amended and made more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term of Two Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty-fourth Years of his late Maicfty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from the most Southern Part of Lane, in the Parish of Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Lawton; and from thence to Smithy, upon

Cranage Green, in the said County: And that Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Crewe, Mr. IVilbraham Bootle, and Mr. Grosvenor, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for executing an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the North " End of Dutijby Lane, to the South West Corner of " Ri/eholm Hedge, and to Carholm Gate, Drinfey Nook, " and Dunham, and Liltleburgh Ferries, and from the " North End of Waddington Field, and the Bridge " over the River Witham, at to the City

" of Lincoln, and from the Gate at the Foot of Canwicke " Hill, to The Great Bar Gates of the said City; and for enforcing the Performance of Statute Work " upon the Highways, communicating with the said " Roads, to a certain Distance from the said Roads;" and of several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Persons residing near and upon the Roads herein after mentioned, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, except that the Roads intended to be added to the old Act had been advertised only Twice in the Stamford Mercury during the Month of September, to wit, on the 19th and 26th of September, and Once on the 10th of Octobers but that the Roads under the old Act had been advertised FourTimes in the Month of September, and Once in the Month of Octobers and that Notice for all the Roads had been given at the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act of the Twenty-ninth of his late Majesty was read: And,

Mr. Butter Ilunnings, being examined, said, That

the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have made great Progress in repairing the said Roads; and borrowed considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act granted, which have been expended in the Repairs of the said Roads. — And he produced to your Committee an Account, extracted from the Books of the Trull, whereby it appears, that there is now owing upon the Credit of the Tolls taken in the South Fall District of Roads in the said Act mentioned, the Sum of £*3,500; and upon

Lincoln,

&c.

Roads.

17 Geo. Ill* 7° Februdriu 133

the Credit of the Tolls taken in the North West Dif* tritt, the Sum of £.1,443. I5- And the Witness further said, That the Term is near expiring, and that unless the same is enlarged, and some further Powers are given, the Roads cannot be kept in good and sufficient Repair, nor the Money owing be repaid.

And the W i tness, being further examined, laid. That the Road leading from the Termination of the pnefent Turnpike Road at the Foot of Bridge;, over

the said Bridge, on the Newark Road, Westward, to the Extremity of the County of Lincoln, near a. Place called Potter Hill, and aim the Road leading from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road at the Foot of Canwicke Hill, Southward, to a Windmill at the Top of the said Hill, are in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places narrow; and that the Statute Work is not sufficient to keep the same in Repair. And it was proved to your Committee, that the Expence of putting the said Roads into proper Repair will amount to the Sum of £.611, or thereabouts; and that £.1,000 had been subscribed for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from the City of Lincoln, and for repairing and widening the Roads from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road at the Foot of Brace-bridge Bridge, over the said Bridge, Westward, to the Extremity of the County of Lincoln, near a Place called Potter Hill, and from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road, at the Foot of Canwicke Hill, Southward, to a Windmill at the Top of the said Hill; And that Mr. Vyner and Mr. Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sfyern Mr. Hill reported from the Committee, to whom the

Brvige Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Land Owriers, PrcenTfiddy. Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Parishes of

and Sutton Haddock, and several other Places adjacent, in the County of Salop, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Ordersof theHouse . of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills,

had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and bad directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Evans, being examined, laid, That the Parish of Brofeley, and Parts adjacent, lying on and near to the River Severn, are very populous, and full of Mines and Manufactures; and that the Town of Brofeley lies in a centrical Situation, between the Counties of Stafford, JVanvick, Derby, and Leicester, and several Parts of South and North Wales: That if a Bridge was erected across the said River Severn, at or near Eddy, in the said Parish of Brofelexj, to The in the said Parish of Sutton Haddock, with proper Ave* mies or Roads to lead to and from the same, the Inhabitants of the said Parish of , and Parts adja-

cent, M ould be more plentifully supplied with Provisions, and the Mines and Trade of that Part of the County of Salop be greatly benefited, and a more easy Communication be opened between the several Places aforesaid, and would be of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge across the River Severn, from or dear a Place called Preen's Eddy, in the Parish of Brofeley, to or near a Place called The Sheepwash, in the Parish of Sutton Maddock, in the County of Salop; and for making proper Roads and Avenues to and from the same: And that Mr. Hill, Mr. , and Mr.

Gilbert, do prepare and bring in, the fame

Vou 3$.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Altbafl others, of the Counties of Oxford and Berks, whose jucyand Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them- .

selves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Afthall, in the County of Oxford, through the Town of Brize-Norton, and over Ven Bridge, to The Cross in the Town of , and

from thence to the Turnpike Road at or near Buck land, in the County of Berks, is in many Places narrow and incommodious, and in some Parts subject to be overflowed and rendered imj) affable; and that, if the same {except such Part thereof from Ven to The Cross in Bampton, which is in Length One Mile and an Half and Thirteen Chains) was properly amended, widened, altered, and turned where necessary, so as to render the same safe and commodious, it would be a great Convenience and Benefit to all Persons having occasion to make Use thereof; and that an Act was made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for amending, widening, turning, and altering, the Road from the Bottom of Galley Hill, near the Town of Witney, to The Cross in Clanpeld, in the said County of Oxford, and, by virtue of certain Powers thereby-given, a Gate hath been erected at Ven Bridge aforesaid, near the Side of the said Road, at which all Persons travelling the Road between Aftha and Buckland are obliged to pay the like Tolls (although they only pass about One Mile and an Half and Thirteen Chains upon the said Turnpike Road) as are paid by Persons who travel from the Bottom of Galley Hill to which is Seven Miles, or thereabouts, lor which Reason the Petitioners hope the side Gate at Ven Bridge will not be suffered to remain; and that, in order to make a full Compensation for all the Money which has been expended in forming and making such Part of the said Road from Ven Bridge to The Cross in and for the extraordinary Annual Repairs that will be occasioned upon that Part of the said Road, after the Road from Afthall to Buckland is repaired, the Petitioners are desirous that such Annual Sum of Money shall, on that Account, be paid to the said Trustees, but of the Tolls to be collected upon the said Road be: tween Afthall and Buckland aforesaid, as the House iha.ll think reasonable and just: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they, do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame/as it shall appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Winchcombe Hartley, Mr.

Grenville, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday.

Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Henry Errington, Esquire, Owner of tipper Lands and Estates within the Parish of Upper Clatford, Clatford in the County of Southampton, on Behalf of himself and ImWww the other Owners of Lands and Estates within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, the Property of the Petitioner and others* which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, arid it would be advantageous to them if the same were divided and inclosed:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the find Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

M m pursuant

Krtftbimpton

Inclosure.

East India Company.

Severn Bridge and Gloucester Streets.

*34

Februarii.

A.

1777*

burfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hill, Sir Henry P&ukt John, and Sir Simeon Stuart, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Ordered, That Mr. Darker be added to the-Gentle-men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant. to the Prayer of the Petition of the Re-Reverend Walter Griffiths, Clerk, and Robert Peach, Gentleman, whose blames are thereunto fabferibed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, and otherwise interested, in the Open and Common Fields, Common Pailures, certain Common Meadows (called Rttjhmill Meadow and Barnes’s Meadow) and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parishes of Saint Giles,’Saint Sepulchre, Saint Lawrence, and Saint Andrew, in or near the Town of in the County of Northampton, some or One of them, and which are commonly called Northampton Fields.

'A Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for ellablishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Adairs of " the East India Company, as well in India as in " Europe," as relates to the Day oh which the Annual

Election of Directors of the said Company is to be made, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, Th&t the Bill be committed to Mr. Fletcher, Mr. James, See. :And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants, of the City of Gloucester, and of several Gentlemen, Clergy,

and others, redding near, or resorting to the said City, whose Names are thereunto subscribed* was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, about Sixty Years ago, a Bridge was built with Brick, by voluntary Subscriptkra, across the River Severn, at Maijemore, near the City of Gloucester, in the Road leading to

Worotfer, but, for Want of a proper Fund to keep it in Repair, the same has been for some Time in a ruinous State; and, by the late Equinoctial Tides, and great Fall of Rain, the said River swelled so high, and became so rapid, that a Vessel was driven from its Moorings against the said Bridge, and broke down one of the Arches thereof, by which Means the Remainder of the Bridge was blown up and totally destroyed; and that immediate Communication between the Cities of Gloucester, Bristol, and Bath, the Western and Southern Parts of England, the City and County of the Counties of Hertford and Salop, and the Northern Parts of the Kingdom, was thereby intirely (lopped, until a temporary Wooden Bridge was, through abfo* lute Necessity, let up by private Persons at their own Expence, and which can answer the Purpose but for a short Time; and the want of a substantial Bridge there will be attended with great public Inconvenience; and that the Causeway, called Ove leading from the City of Gloucester, towards the said Bridge, and also towards the City of Hertford, Town of Monmouth, and all South Wales, containing in Length abqut 800 Yards, and being a raised Road, to avoid the Floods, upon 25 Arches, for the Passage of Water from the adjacent Meads, during the Time of Floods, is very narrow in general, and over the said Arches in particular, so that Carriages cannot pass each other thereon, and the Passage along the some is extremely dangerous, especially in high Floods; and that the said Causeway has been raised Time immemorial, but no Fund appropriated for the Maintenance and Preservation of the fame, except a (mail charitable Donation of £. 5 per Annum, which is very inadequate for that Purpose; and that the Bridge over another Branch of the said River Severn, at the West Gate of the City of Gloucester, and immediately leading from thence to the said Causeway,

*7

is much out of Repair, and, in its present State, very inconvenient for Vessels and Barges, and many Delays and Damages are occasioned thereby; and that, if a Drawbridge was made, for the more easy and expeditious passing of Barges and Vessels through the fame, without lowering their Malls, it would be of great Service to the Trade and Commerce of the said City, and of public Utility; and that the several Streets in the City of Gloucester are very ill paved and cleansed, and the Passage through the fume rendered inconvenient, and obstructed by many Nuisances* and Annoyances, and the present Methods prescribed by Law for removing such Annoyances, and for enforcing the proper paving and cleansing the said Streets, and keeping such Pavements in sufficient Repair, are ineffectual; and that if Power was given for effecting these Purposes, it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the Inhabitants of the said City, and fofety of all PeiJans passing through the fame, and be of Public Convenience: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for erecting the said Bridge at Maifemore aforesaid, for repairing and widening the said Causeway and Arches, making the said Drawbridge at the West Gate aforesaid, removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances, and enforcing the more effectually repairing and cleansing the Streets and Ways in the said City, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: '

And it is referred to Mr. Barrow, Sir William Guise, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning, next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of moreland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That the Gaol and Shire Hall of the said County, being found too small, and in many other respects inconvenient, and, from the Nature of their Situations, incapable of being enlarged and rendered commodious, a proper Piece of Ground, in a more convenient Situation, hath been purchased, for the Purpose of building a new Gaol and Shire Hall thereon; and that a new Gaol hath been already built on Part of the said Piece of Ground, and a' Building on other Part thereof is now carrying on for a Shire Hall; but, in order to finish and complete the same, and to defray several other Expences already incurred, relative to the said new Gaol and Shire Hall, it will require a very considerable Sum of Money over and above what bath been already laid out and expended therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitidners to finish and complete the said Gaol and Shire Hall, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is deferred to Sir James Lowther, Mr. Lozc-ther. See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Owners of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate within the Manor of Longmarton, in the County of Westmoreltmd, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the

Hpufej

Westnooreland Gaol and Shire HalL

Longmarton

Inclosure.

i7 Geo. III. 7° Februarii. 135

House, and read; Setting forth) That, there is a large Common Pasture, called Park, and a large

Moor, or Common, or Tract of Waste Ground, called Longmarton Moor, or Common, within, and belonging to, the said Manor of Longmarton, containing together, by Et'timation, 1,400 Acres, or thereabouts, in which laid Common Failure the Petitioners are each entitled to a certain Number of Cattle-gates, and also have a Right of Common in the said Moor; which said Pasture, and Moor, or Common, in their present State, are of little Service to the Petitioners; but if the fame, or such certain Parts thereof as to the House shall seem meet, were divided into specific Allotments to the Several Proprietors interested therein, it would be a considerable Improvement to their Properties, and great Advantage to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, with such Regalations and Provisions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lowther, Sir James Jjnvther , and Sir Michael le Fleming, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Harwich A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital

B*bour> Burgesses, of the Borough of Harwich, in the County of Essex, on Behalf of themselves, and of several Owners and Mailers of Ship#* and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Harbour ot Harwich is the only safe Harbour lor Ships of War and large Merchant Ships, between the River Thames and Scotland, and of great Utility, especially in the Time of War, not only to the large Merchant Ships trading to The Baltic and Norway, but also to that most valuable Branch of Commerce the Coal Trade, where formerly Ships of any Burthen could even.at Low-water ruu into, and Secure themselves from violent Storms, or the Enemy; and that the Petitioners have had many Complaints from the T Pilots, Captains of the Pacquets, and mqpy Commanders of Ships, of the ruinous State of the said Ilirbour; and if Powers were given to repair the Harbour', and erect proper Works for the Security and Preservation thereof, it would he of great Advantage to the Petitioners, and all others referring the reto: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and cleansing the said Harbour, and erecting proper Works for the Security and Preservation thereof, under such Regulations and Refactions as to the House shall appear proper and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Harvey,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

AylVarth A Petition of William Weddell, Esquire, George

lajotoe. Jackson, and Christopher Picardthe Younger, Gentle-

men, Margaret Atkinson, Widow, and others. Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the Township and Parish of Ayfgarth, in the North Riding of the County of York, was prefeuted to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is a certain liinted Pasture, called Ayfgarth Pqfiure, within the said Township and Parish, containing by Estimation 170 Acres, upon which the Petitioners and others are respectively Owners and Proprietors of certain Cattle-gates, and are also Owners and Proprietors of the Soil, Freehold, and Inheritance, of the said Pasture; and that there is also a certain Parcel of Open or Uninclosed Ground, called Ayfgarth Moor, cr Common, in the Township and Parish of Ayfgarth Vol. 36.

aforesaid, containing by Estimation 4 x 1 Acres; and that the Petitioners and others are Owners and Proprietors of the said Moor, or Common) and of the Soil, Freehold, and Inheritance, of the fame, m Proportion to the Value of their several antient Messuages, Cottages,

Tofts, and inclosed Grounds, in the said Township;' and that, in case the said Pasture and Moor, or Common, were inclosed, and divided amongst the Owners and Proprietors thereof, in Proportion to the Right and Interest which they are respectively entitled to thereon, the same would be capable of bang cultivated and greatly improved, and rendered of much greater Advantage to the Persons interested therein than at present: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Hinted Pasture, called Ayfgarth Pasture, and the said Parcel of Ground called Ayfgarth Moor, or Common, in the Township and Parish of Ayfgarth, in the North Riding of the County of.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Robitfon and Mr. Chaytor do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of ThotnasElliott, Edward , Thomas Fremington

Hutchinson, Richard Metcalfe, Rich Henry inclosure. Alderson, Ralph Brockill, William March, Thomas art. Gentlemen, and others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the Township of Fremington, in the Parish of Grinton, in the North Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is a certain Moor, and Open or Waste Grounds, within the said Township of Fremington, called Fremington Edge, containing by Estimation 1,000 Acres, to which the Petitioners and others are entitled, in Proportion to the Value of their respective Estates, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Township; and that, by reason of the great Extent of the said Moor, and Open or Waste Grounds,

Trespasses are frequently committed thereon, by the Cattle and Sheep of Persons who have no Right in the said Township; and that, in case the said Moor, and Open or Waste Grounds, were inclosed, and divided amongst the Owners and Proprietors thereof, in Proportion to the Right and Interest which they are re*-spectively entitled unto thereon, the same would be cultivated and greatly improved, and made mnch more valuable to the several Owners and Proprietors thereof than at present: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said Moor, and Open of Waste Grounds, called Fremington Edge, and all the Waste Ground lying open thereto, in the fiud Township o in the Parish of Grinton, in the.North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that ' Mr. Robinson and Mr. Chaytor do prepare, and bring

in, the lame.

A Petition of the Persons thereunder subscribing, York Creditors of the Governor and Company of Under- Building* takers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, Company,

on Behalf of themselves and others the Creditors of the said Company, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, a Petition presented in the Name of Watfti,

Esquire, and other Creditors under a Deed of Trust of the said Governor and Company, praying for Leave to bring in a Bill for Sale of the Company’s Estates in Scotland, or so much thereof as shall remain after an Appropriation of a Fund Efficient for answering the Purpose mentioned in the said Petition; and that, the said Governor and Company having become insolvent, many of the Petitioners have taken the proper and legal Steps, agreeable to the Forms of the Law of Scotland, whereby

their

o

7* Februarii.

A. 1777,

their Debts are now become chargeable on»and payable out of, the said Estates; and that the Petitioners, being satisfied that a general Sale of the Company's Estates in Scotland would be highly beneficial to all the Creditors and Stock-holders of the said Company, and to the Public, have no Objection to a Bill being brought in for that Purpose; but, as their Interest may be effected thereby, and by its Consequences, therefore pray. That, when a Bill is brought in, proper Care may be taken of the Interest of the Petitioners, and all others concerned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall feera just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Waljh, George Avfrere, Francis Lopes Thomas Neale, Francis Barlovo, James Matthias, and Bibye Lake, Esquires, and the Reverend Philip Duval, on Behalf of themselves, and of all other the Creditors of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, under and by virtue of a certain "Deed of Trust, bearing Date the 13th Day of January 1731, under the Seal of the said Company, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pechell and Mr. Fames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary, I, in the County of Middlesex, and for building a Workhouse for the said Parish; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in David Hartley, Esquire, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a certain Method, by him invented, of securing Buildings and Ships against the Calamities of Fire, throughout His Majesty’s Dominions, for a limited Time; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messenger withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Confutation.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 40. After " described " insert" except as u to Ships."

Pr. 4. 1. It- After "and" leave out "for."

Pr. 5. 1. 26, } After occasioned" insert " Pro-and 27. y " vided always, That it shall and " may be lawful for the Lord " High Admiral for the Time being, or the Lords Commissioners " of the Admiralty, or any Three or " moreof them, for the Time being,

to make use of the said Invention " in any of His Majesty’s Dock " Yards, Rope HousesjBrewhouses,

" and V iftualling Offices, and all " other Houses or Buildings which shall be used in fitting or equipping His Majesty’s Ships of War,

" or in victualling and supplying the " fame, for securing them against " Fire, in any such Manner as they shall think proper, without Licence obtained from the aforesaid " David Hartley, his Executors,

" Administrators, or Assigns."

Pr. 7. 1.16, ^After "notwithstanding" insert Clause and 17. y (A.)

Clause (A) " And be it hereby Enacted, That

" any Objection which might have been made to the said Irtven- tion not being a new Invention within the true Intent and " Meaning of an Act of the Twenty-first of James the First, sufficient to invalidate Letters Pa- tent, may be made in Bar to any " Action brought by virtue or in " Consequence of this Act: Provided always, That it shall not " be lawful for the aforesaid David " Hartley, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to alk, demand, or take, any greater Price " than Six Pence by the FootSquare,

" for the Plates of Metal men- " tinned in the above-recited SpeCdication, commonly called Fire " Plates, unless the said Plates of Metal should be made of Copper, cr of any other Metal, except Iron, or unless they shall " exceed in Weight Ten Ounces " avoirdupois to the FootSquare." In the Title' of the Bill, Line 4, Leave out " and " Ships."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. /

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do catry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordlliips.

Lord George Germain presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to empower His Majesty to fecitre and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of High Treason committed in North America, or on the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said. Bill be printed.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second,

intituled, "An Act for widening and repairing the " Road from Combe Bridge, in the County of Somerset,

" to Bradford, in the County of Wilts; and from thence " through Hilperton, and so far over Common as

" to join the Road which leads from Steeple Ashton to " Trowbridge; and also the Road leading from Bradford " aforesaid to Cockhill. Gate, in the said County of " Wilts;' and for amending and widening the Road from the Town of Bradford aforesaid, to Wingfield Common; and from Pippet Street in the said Town, to The Three Oaks on Bradford and from

thence through Woolly, to join the Holt Turnpike Road on Forwards Common; and also the^Road from Staverton Bridge, through Holt, to Ellbndge, in the Parish of Bradford aforesaid, is committed.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing MarPernoud was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing George William Soltau, Gerhard Berck, Henry Albrecht Harnmclburg, and Gunter Henry Kroger, was read the Third Time.

Refolded,

America, Bill to detain suspected Persons.

Combe

Bridge

Road.

Pernoud'*

Nat.

Soltau’s, (and other;) Nat.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Homciiff

Inclosure.

Garefheadj

&c.

Road,

17 Geo. III.

io° Februa

m

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, alter-be, An Act for naturalizing George William Soltau, ing, and making the said. Roads, in such Manner, and Gerhard Berck, Henry Albircht Hammelburg, and under such Provisoes and Regulations, as to the House

Gunter Henry Kroger.

Ordered, That Mr. Elioes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monden) Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Howtdl

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Freehold Mef- Inclosure. His Majesty. l'uages. Lands, and Tenements, within the several

Townships of and Crookhouse, in the Parish of

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morn- Kirknewton, and We/lFlodden, High Flodden, and

shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of a;Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Clavering, Sir Walter Blackett, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

ing next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, io# die Februarii;

1

Anno 17* Georgii III*1 Regis, 1777.

Prayebs.

die Flodden, in the Parish of Ford, in the county of -Northumberland, for and on Behalf of themselves, and the other Owners of Messuages, Lands, and . Tenements, having a Right of Common upon the Moor, Waite, or Common, herein after mentioned, situate within the Parish of Kirkneioton, and Barony and Manor

oiWark, in the said County of was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within and Parcel of the said Barony and Manor, a certain Moor, Common, or Tract of Waste Ground, called Hoveled Common, alias Hou/edon, con-

jORANCIS Gaudotand Horace Cattancotook the taining by Estimation 700 Acres, or thereabouts; and

Ootlic in In tKiiiV Mofnroli^o tViot tKo Varl nP ! nn i)l/> ic T aP f h/i Pairl Rornmf

Oaths appointed, in order, to their Naturalization.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Piece of Common or Waste Ground, lying in the Villages of Horncliff'and HorncUff Lone End, in the Parish of

Norham, in the County of Durham, was. read a Second Townships aforesaid, or their Trustees, Lessees, Far-Time. mers, or Tenants, in respect of, or as appendant, ap-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas purtenant, or belonging to, their several Messuages,

that the Earl of Tankerville is Lord of the said Barony and Manor, and entitled to the Soil of, and the Royalties within and under, the said Moor, Common, or Waste Ground; and that the said Earl and the Petitioners, and several other Owners of Freehold Messuages. Lands, and Tenements, within the several

Lands, or Tenements, are entitled to a Right of Coiq^ mon of Pasture upon the said Moor, Commop,; or Waste-Ground; and the said Earl and the Petitioners are willing and desirous that the said Moor, Common* ( or Waste Groupd, which, ip its present State, is of little Use, and which, the Petitioners conceive, iscapa-

Claverhig, Mr. Ord, &c.: And they are to meet: this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, in the Counties of Durham, Northumberland, and in the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, whose ble of Cultivation and Improvement, may be cultivated Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented-to the and improved, and for that Purpose set out, allotted, House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading and divided, to and amongst the several Persons en-from Gateflicad,©the County oiDurham, up the South titled to such Right of Common: And therefore pray^ Side of the River Tyne, to where it joins the Hexham ing. That Leave ©ay be given to bring in a Bill for Turnpike Road, near to Dilfion Bar, in the County of effecting the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations Northumberland, beginning ftt Gatf/head, and leading as to the House shall seem meet. along Jacl/ons Chair, over Tike Windmill Hill; by the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

High Team Bridge, up Lobley Hill, to Whickham, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

through Whickham, te Swalwell; from thence along Sir Thomas Clavering, Sir Walter Blackett, and Sr the Road to Blaydon, up Stella Path, along The Church William Middleton, do prepare, and bring in, the farpe. Lane (to some Inclosures belonging to- Crazier Surtees-,

Esquire) to The Barr Moor, across The Bqrr Moor, to

Crawcrook, alqng the I one leading to Prudhpe, through

Prudhoe, to the Coal Pit, at the Head of Mickley Bank, across the Motor to Rirehejhook, toSlo^field, Shi/ord,

A Petition of several Gentlemen, t and other Inha- Skiptoa bitants, of the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Seating forth. That the Peti-

Broomhaugh, and The Riding, and so alongthe Ropd to tioners are informed Application ismade to the House, where it joins the Hexham.Turnpike lipad near to ZhTj- for Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing and amending /on Bar aforesaid; and the Road leaUjngfrom Mickley the Roads from the Town of over the

Bank aforesaid, by P onJhoi/icUh to a Placo cajlpd 77tr Forest of Knaresborough, from the Turnpike Road lead-J^ead Hill, or Silver Hill, are ruinous and narrow, and ing from Leeds to Ripon, over Okbeck, in the Township cannot be repaired and wjdened by the Law# now ip Biltomoith Harrowgate, vfithm\hePaxiih of Knare/ being; and that the making a Road across certain Inr in the West Riding of the County

closures belonging to Crozier Sy Esquire, in the Parish of Ryton, in a strait LjneoPOt of The Church-Lane to The Burr Moor, would be much, nearer, and

of York; and representing to the House, that the Road from the said Turnpike Road leading from Leeds to Ripon, throqgh the Town of High Harrogate, to com-

greatly facilitate the Commupica^iqp. and Traffick of monicate with the Turnpike Road from Knaresborough that Part of the Country, and \ypuld render the ip- to tyetherby ihexng about Three Miles in Length, or tended Turnpike Road of mqrq, general Benefit to the jthpreabouts) is in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be Publip: And therefore praying; That Leave may be repaired and amended by the ordinary Couxfe of Law: Vat. 36. " N n And

138 io* Februa. 177 7.

And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing and amending the said Hoad, in such Manner as to the House shall fcem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: Anti that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Mr. Mel-

liJhfScc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

3kipt*a Sir John Goodrickc reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Landholders, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the West Riding of the County of , was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Robert Sfockdale, being examined, said. That the Road from the Town of Knarej in the said Riding, over the Forest of Knaresborough, from the Turnpike Road leading from Leeds to , in the said Riding, near a Place called Okbe in the Township of with Harrogate, within the Parish of Knaresborough aforesaid, through the Pari Hies of Ripley, and Fcivstone, to Blubber Houses, and from thence by Bolton Bridge, to Skipton, in the said Riding, is the nearest Road by Six Miles from Knaresborough to ton, and thence to several Parts of Lancajhke, And the North West Part of the-West Riding of Yorkshire; that it is deep, founderous, too narrow in some Placed, and in the Winter Season impassable for Carriages; that it w'ohld be advantageous and convenient to the Country, and of public Utility, if the same was amended and widened; but that the same caiinot be done without the Aid of Parliament;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Skipton, to the Turnpike Road leading from Leeds to Rijxm, neat Okbeck, in the Township of - Bilton with Harrogate, in the West Riding of the County of York: And that Sir Joiin Goodricke and Mr. Daniel do prepare, and bring in, the faihe.

Butleigh, - A Yct\n\\ono{strhnAcland, Richard Rob&l

Tudzzay, ’Thomas Millard, and Andrew

Drainage. Daubeny, and divers other Persons, whole Names are

thereunto fct and subscribed, was presented to the . House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners pre Owners aiftr Proprietors of certain Low -Lands, Grounds, Moors; ana Commons, lying-in the Parities of Rufkigh Street, Gla Saint jdhn, Glajhm Saint Benediff, Walton, Ashcott, Mborknch, Calcot f,

CMlott, Etfingfon, Ctiflngfori,

East RkenL ScdlRi Bimt, MarkjWechhbie, Mcarc, Burn-harn^adg:c&rthJBbJiish<Am,‘Vk6tpelAlkrIon', ^he Out Pifrifhbf Saint Cidltbert ’in Weds, and West, lying netfr-the IHVef fib'/ikrjet, b^dimirlf’kt a certain Place fomienfy called 'TlMlone BMdgt, Jfliodt' Half a Mile above Bn tin oar 'triage, within the ftrid Parish dfSoinl John Glajhm, and eridlug at a certain Place where the said River Bntc empties ttself into the River mthe said Parishes

bf nutttfpill and Burnham, containing 17,000 Acres, knd tipwartfs, which, from their low ami flat Situation, ate liable to be overflowed, or other wise annoyed with

Water, chiefly occasioned by an Obstraction at a Bridge called High Bridge, lying within the said Parishes of Huntspill and Burnham, the Floodgates or Outlets thereof l>cing too fmaJl and insufficient for the Passage of the Water into the said River Parrel and Bristol Channel, and by Stcanings, Bridges, and other Ob-fiructions and Annoyances, in the said River ,- a:d which Low Lands, Grounds, Moors, and Commons, cannot be properly drained, for want of new and li>t-licient Cuts, Khines, Drains, Floodgates, and C011-vetrances for the Water from the said I^ovv Lands into the said River Brue (the present Cuts, Rhines, Drains, Floodgates, and Conveyances, not being sufficient for that Purpose) by Meaus whereof the said Low Lands,

Grounds, Moors, and Commons, are rendered in a considerable Degree unprofitable to the Owners thereof; and if the said Obstructions were removed, and such Cuts, Rhines, Drains, Floodgates, and Conveyances, were made, great Benefit would not only accrue to the Owners thereof, but to the Public in general: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the draining the said Low-Lands, Grounds, Moors, and Commons, and for such Aid and Afiiltance in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Davers, Mr. Coze,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Merchants, Tradesmen, and Welland others, interested in the Improvement of the Naviga- and tion of the Rivers Welland and Glenn, in the County of G,en" Lincoln, and of fev eral Owners of Lands and Erfates avi£*t,oa* within the Parishes of Surfleet, Algarkirk, and Fo/dike, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the River Welland hath of late* Years been in many Parts much fitted up, whereby the Navigation hath been greatly obllructed; and that it would be of great Advantage to Trade anH Commerce, if the said River, between Spalding High Bridge and the South West End of a Salt Marsh, adjoining to Surfleet Common, ill the said County, were properly cleansed and deepened, and if the R iver from a Place called Deer Hum, to

tile Junction thereof with the said River Welland,

Dear a Plade called The Reservoir, was kept cleansed and deepened where necessary, and if a new navigable Cut was made from the South West End of the said Salt Mnrfli; to or near FoJ'dike Inn, in the said County,' and a Sea Sluice or Lock made at the East End of the said Cut, in order to prevent the said River Welland from being again silted up; and that the Passage over The Wash, between FoJ’dike and a House in the Parish of Moulton, now in the Occupation of William Barker, is very dangerous, and Acci-

dents frequently happen to Passengers and Cattle; and the building a Bridge over the said intended Cut, at the said Sea Sluice or Lock, and making the Passage ov^r the said Walh safe and commodious, would be a great Convenience to the Petitioners and the.

Countty iri general, but a considerable Sum of Mo-Wey Will be necessary to eompleat the fame; and that, when the Banks of the said intended Cut are com pleated, a certain Tract of bare Shifting Sand, near the said Cut, called The White Sand, from which no Person now receives any Benefit, will be raised, and may become capable of CuItivation, and that a certain Salt Marsh, and also all the Common and Waste Lands, and other Lands ami Grounds, within the said Parish o (Surfleet, and several other Parishes, will be secured and improved, to the great Benefit of the several

Owners

17 Geo. III. i o° Februa 130

Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein; but, by Means of the said intended Cut, Part of the said Salt Marsh will be separated on the East Side of the said Cut, from the other Salt Marsh and Common Lands within the said Parish of and the Part

so separated will then become of very little Value to the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and that, if the said Piece of Salt Marsh, and also the said Tract of White Sand, were veiled in proper Persons, and the Profits thereof applied in Aid of such Toll or Pontage as shall be thought proper to be collected at the said Bridge, towards defraying the Expence of building and supporting the fame, and making and keeping the said Wash safe for Passengers and Cattle, it would be a great Ease and Benefit to Persons having Occasion to . pass over the said Bridge with their Cattle smd Carriages; and the making and supporting the several Works before mentioned will be of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for improving the Navigation of the lhid Rivers, and for making and maintaining the said Bridge and Wash, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and repori the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Abel Smith, Mr., Coxe, fee.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Buckingham a Petition of the Churchwardens, Proprietors of Church Estateg, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish of Buckingham, whose Names are thereunto fuberibed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Forth, That, the Parish Church of the said Town and Parish being fallen down, it is necessary to build a new Church, for the Use of the Inhabitants, which cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave* may be given to bring in a Bill to enable them to raise the Sum of £.1,000, towards building a new Church, and that in'stich Manner, and by such Ways and Moans, as to the House shall teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of'a Committee: And that they do examine the' Matter thereof; and report the fame?, as it shall appear to them, to*the'House: *

And it is referred to Mr. Grenville, the Lord ley, &c.: And they are to meet' Tomorrow Morning, nt Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's 'Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, arid Records. ‘ - i

Severn Mr. I Jill presented to the House, according to Order,

Bric*Se a Bill lor building a Bridge aerpfs ^lie River Vna!-t Eddy, from or near a Place called in the Parrih

of ’Bfo/fley, to or near a Place called 'the Sheepwash, 'in the Parish of Sutton Maddock, in the County of Salop jand for making proper Roads and Avenues to and from tine fame: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

JWchurch A Petition of several Persons, Owners and Prdprie-&c. tors of Lands and Estates, within the Manors of Baf-nc o ure. ehurch, Ruyton, West Felton, in

the Wood, West on, Lullhigjand Stanwardme

Fields, and in the Pnrilhes of Bofihurch, Buy ton, West Felton, Hordhy, and E in the County of Salop,

whose Names are thereunto subseiribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, within the said Manors and Parithcs, there are several Commons -Vol. 36.

and Waste Grounds, called B, otherwise Bag* gymoor, B agly MarshJStanwardinc Moor, WicherlyMoor, Weston Common, and Wejion Moor, containing about 1,490 Acres; and several inclosed Freehold Lands, near or adjoining the said Moors; and that the Petitioners are the Persons chiefly entitled to, or interested in, the said Commons and Waste Grounds, which lie open and uninclosed; and also to the inclosed Freehold Lands near or adjoining, which are subject to be overflowed, or otherwise greatly annoyed with Water, whereby not only the said Commons and Waste Grounds, but also the said inclosed Freehold Lands, produce very little Benefit or Profit; and that it would be greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and of all Persons interested in the said Commons or Waste Grounds, and the inclosed Freehold Lands near or adjoining, if the said Commons and Waste Grounds were drained, divided, inclosed, and allotted, to and amongst the several Persons entitled, in Proportion to their several Rights, Shares, and Interests therein; and also if the said inclosed Freehold Lands were drained, and for that Purpose to take down several Mills standing on the River Perry, and other Buildings, that would obstruct the fame, making Satisfaction to the respective Owners: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hill, Sir William Codring* ton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; arid have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Merchants; Traders, and other' WorMngton principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Workington, ia Harbour' the County of Cumberland, was presented to the House,' and read; Setting forth. That the said Towh is a Port of very considerable Trade, and oonveniently. situated fep the Reception of Ships arid Vpffels navigation thef Irijk Seas, in Cafes of Difirefsby Storms or ptherlvifef ini which *efpg& it would' be the Means of fairing this Lives, of many of Htt Mrifefty’e Subjects, if the Hart hour was made eapablb ofifolding-V tffels of more con*-liderable Burthen; and that;* if the said Harbour wag properly deepened, enlarged, and secured, it would be very beneficial to the Trade of the Petitioners,!be a Means «f 'increasing His Majesty’s Revenue, and the Number of Seamen, and of great public Utility; and that several Sums of Money have been borrowed; and otherwise!raised, for the ApoemivnerU, Preservation, and Security, of the said' Harbour, which have beep duly applied; hut, by realjbn of the great Increase cif the Trode of the said Tovfrn, the fail Harbour is become much too final!, and has been rendered incony-modious by high Tides, Storms, and Land- Floods, and is in Danger of being eritirdy. destroyed bit the River IXaricent's breaking out ofits present Lourse: And therefore praying. That Leave mriy be; given to bring in Bill for amending, enlarging, deepening, preferring, securing, and improving, the said Harbour, and for paying off and discharging the several Sums of Money-borrowed and applied as aforesaid, by such Means, arid in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the -Canlideratioff of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. FlMr. Anthony Bacon, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn* ing at Niue of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

and

Syftan

and

Barkby

Inclosure.

Cottisford

lndofure.

140 10 9 Februarii.A, Till*

and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and P.illures, in the Parish of Syfton, in the County of Leicester, and several Parcels of Uninclosed Land in the Parish of Barkby, in the said County of,

lying within the Ring of the said Fields, on Behalf of themselves and all other the Proprietors and Persons interested therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it will be advantageous to the Proprietors, and Persons interested in the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Parcels of Uninclosed Land, to have the same divided and inclosed, and a specific Share thereof set out and allotted to every of them, according to their respective Properties and Interelis therein, to be held in Severalty for ever, discharged of all Right of Common over the fame: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Parcels of Uninclosed Land, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wollafion, Mr. Stauntonand Mr. Booth Grey, do

prepare, and bring in, the feme.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands and Tythes, lying and arising within the Field, Liberties, Territories, and Precincts, of in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, in the Liberties, Territories, and Precincts aforesaid, One large Open and Common Field called Cottisford Field, confiding of 45 Yard Lands, and containing together 1,283 Acres, ar thereabouts; and the Petitioners are the Owners and Proprietors of all the' Lands, Grounds, Pastures, Commons, and Tythes, lying and arising within the find Field, Liberties, Territories, and Preempts, and, in jfefpeft of their several Lands.and; Grounds, are entitled to; and do enjoy Common of Pasture for their Cattle, upon the saki Open and Common Field, by a determinate Stint, and in a certain Proportion, exclu-ftve of all other Pdrfons whomsoever; and that the several Lands and Grounds.of the Petitioners lie intermixed, and dispersed in final! Parcels, in and over the said Open.and Comhion Field, and are most of them inconveniently situated 5 and by Reason thereof, suffi-ycieiit Quantity of Manure and Compost cannot, with-iuut great Difficulty and Expence, be conveyed to the dome; and, so long as the said Common Field and Commonable Land lie Open and Uninclosed, the same ^produce but little Profit to the Petitioners, and are, in "their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that the Petitioners are desirous that the said Open and Common Field and Commonable Land may be divided and inclosed, and that specific Parts and Shares thereof may be assigned and allotted among!! the Petitioners respectively and in Severalty, in lieu of, and in Pro--portion to, their several Lands, Grounds, Tythes, Common Right, and interest, in the said Premises; which Drrifionj Allotments, and Inclosures, will tend to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and be a great J improvement of their respective Properties and Luterefts in the said Open and Common Field and Commonable I and: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing, . assigning.and allotting, the fakl Open and Common Field and Commonable Land, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, JDxa.t Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Roger Newdigate, the Lord IVenman, Lord Charles

Spencer, and Mr. Page, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Right honourable Charles Lord Viscount Irwin, Lord of the Manor of Tern plan ewfarr, in the Parish of Whitkirke, in the County of and the humble'Petition of the Reverend Peter Simon, the Vicar of the said Parish, and William Judfun, Yeoman, and William Graveley, Yeoman, and the several other

Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being, togetlter with the said Charles Lord Vifdount Irwin, Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, Frontsteads, and Lands, within the Township of in the said

Manor; and in respect thereof entitled to Right of Common upon the Common or Waste Ground herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is, within the said Township a certain Common or Waste Ground, called Halton Moor, containing, by Estimation, 95 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in its present State, is of little Benefit, and Advantage to the Persons interested therein; but, if the same was divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, in . Proportion to their respective Rights and interests therein, a' considerable Benefit and Advantage would arise to them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to effectuate the Purposes aforesaid, with such Regulations, Provisions and Provisoes, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that* the Lord Beauchamp, Sir John Goodricke, and Mr. Lascelles, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Chester Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners are impowered to make and complete a Cut, or Canal;. navi gable and passable for Boatsv Barges, and other Vessels, from the River. Deeb within the Liberties of the City of Chester ', to or wich, and from a certain Part of the said intended, Gilt, on Canal, at or near WardelGreen, to or near Nanti&ich, in the County of Chef er;and that the Petitioners have

completed a considerable Part of the said Gut, or Canal, and are proceeding in the Execution of the remaining Parts thereof, but find , that the Money authorised toberaifediby the said Act is not {efficient to complete the said Navigation and Undertaking; and that, ' since passing the said Act, the Petitioners have found that it will be of greater Utility to vary the Course of the Canal from that which is described in the Map or Plan mentioned and referred to by, the said recited Act; and proper Levels and Surveys have been taken, which ITfewthe Practicability of making such Variation; and that' several' Other Alteration’s'and Amendments are hecefrary to be made in the said Act', in order to complete and maintain the said Navigation: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a. Bill for enlarging and varying the Powers of the said Act, and for enabling the Petitioners to complete and maintain the said Navigation and Undertaking, by such Ways and Means as the House Fhall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition1 be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do exar mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Aiid it is referred to Mr. Mr. Fgertqn, &c..:

And they are to meet. Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records , .

An

Halton

Inciofare.

Chester

Navigation.

17 Geo. III. 10 0 Februani. 141

Great. An ingossed Bill to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, Wool lea" ail(^ Burgesses, of the Town of Great Torrington, in Manufactory the County of Devon, and other Trullees, to grant Part of the Common* or Waste Lands, called Great. rington Common, to William , pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, and other the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Town of Great , in the County of Devon, and other Trustees, to grant Part of the Gammon, or Waile Lands, called Great Torrington Common, to William Gallon, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, and other the Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Walter do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Butt Lane* Mr. Egerton presented to the House, according to Roads Order, a Bill for continuing the Term of Two Acts, palfed in the Fourth and Twenty-fourth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from the most Southern Part of Butt Lane, in the Parish of Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Lawton; and from thence to Smithy, upon Cranage Green, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the Firli Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

A Petition of the Honourable Richard Barry, John In cloture. Arden, Esquire, John Welles, Esquire, John Crewe,

Esquire, Ralph Leycefier, Esquire, Henry Aston, Esquire, John Giff'ard, Esquire, Elizabeth Rider, Spinster, John Wilkinson, Edward Turner, Robert Waimoright ’ John Plumb, Daniel BaJ'nett, John Bradford, Richard

Miller, the Younger, John Churchman, Gentlemen, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Manor and Fee of Kingsley (confiding of the Townships of King-fey, Newton, and Norley) in the Parish of in

the County Palatine of and within the Manor

of Crouton, in the Parish of Waverham, in the same County, divers Open Commons and Waile Grounds, containing together, by Estimation, about 1,700 Acres; and that the Petitioners Richard Barry, John Arden, and John Welles, are Lords of the said Manor and Fee of Kingsley, within the said Parish of Frodsham, and Owners of the Soil of the Commons and Waile Grounds within the same Manor and Fee, and are also Proprietors of divers Lands and Tenements within the same Manor and Fee; and the Petitioners John Crewe and Ralph Leycefier are Lords of the said Manor of Crowton, and Owners of the Soil of the Commons and Waile Grounds within the same Manor, and are also Proprietors of divers Lands and Tenements within the said last mentioned Manor; and that the Petitioners Barry, John Arden, John Welles, John Crewe, Ralph Leycefier, Henry Afion, John Giffard, Elizabeth Aston, ' John Wilkinson, Edward Turner, Robert Wainwright Ashley, Samuel Plumb, Daniel Bafnett, John Bradford, Richard Miller, the Younger, Robert Churchman, and several other Persons, are Proprietors of other Estates within the said Manor and Fee of Kingsley, and within the said Manor of Crowton, and have, for themselves, and their Lessees and Tenants, in respect of their several Estates within the said Manors, Right of Common of Pallure upon the said Commons or Waile Grounds for all their Commonable Cattle; and that the said Commons or Waile Grounds are at present of little Use and small Value, though they might be greatly improved if divided into specific Allotments, and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waile Grounds within the Vot. 36.

said Manor and Fee of Kingsley, and within the Manor of Crowton, in the County Palatine of Chester.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Egerton and Mr. Crewe do prepare, arid bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable Sir Fletcher , Sawley Norton, Knight, and others, whose Names are there- Inclosure. unto subscribed, being entitled to Right of Common Upon, or otherwise interested in, a Common, or Moor, called Sawley Moor, in the Parish of Ripon, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, 'That the said Moor, in its present Open State, is incapable of Improvement, but that it would be very advantageous to have the same inclosed, and divided into specific Allotments: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those. Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, . pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Daniel Lascelles and Mr. Lqfcelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Provoli, Magistrates, rind Towri Burntidand Council, of the Borough of Burntfiand, in North Bn- Two Pennie# tain, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Scott* forth. That, by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, a Duty Of Two Pennies Scots, or the Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling (over and above the Duty of Excise) was said upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer brewed, brought in, vended, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Burntisland, and Liberties thereof, the said Duty to be applied to the Purposes, and levied in Manner, mentioned in the said Act, which was to have Continuance from the 24th Day of June 1720, for the Term Of 25 Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that, by another Act, passed in the Twentieth Year Of King George the Second, the said former Act, and all the Duties, Powers, Authorities, and Clauses, therein contained (except such as are thereby altered and varied) were revived* made payable, and continued in full Force and Effect, from and after the 24th Day of June 1747, for and during the further Term of Thirty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that the Purposes for which the said Duty was granted cannot be completed within the Term given by the said Acts (which have now but a short Time to run) and, as a Prolongation of the said Acts would be «f great Ad* vantage to the Community of the said Borough of

Burntijlcdid* and to the Public, Therefore praying the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for the above Purposes, under such Restrictions and Regulations as shall be deemed reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ofiaald, Sir Archibald monfione, &c.: And they are too meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Proprietors of, and Persons Brampton interested in, the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, lncbsure. and Waile Grounds, in the parish of Brampton, in the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Property belonging to the respective Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waile Grounds, within the said Parish, lie intermixed, and dispersed in finall Parcels, incapable at present of any considerable

O o Improvement;

Kirton Small Debts.

Sawley

Navigation.

14a 10° Februarii. A- 1777.

Improvement; and that it \vould be beneficial to all parties interested therein, if Powers were given to allot, divide, and inclose, the said Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Bramolon aforesaid, and to make Satisfaction for the Tythes of the same Parish: And therefore praying, That I^eave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the leaver of the said Petition: And that Lord BrownlowBertie and Mr. Vyner do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants, within the Hundred of Kirton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the lloule, and read j Setting forth. That, in the said Hundred, there are carried on several extensive Branches of Business, Trade, and Commerce, as well in the inland Parts thereof, as upon the Rivers Glenn, vwnd Beck, and the North and South Forty Foot, which run through several principal Parts of the same to the Sea, 'which employ many Thousand People, many of whom contract small Debts, amounting in the "Whole to a large Sum of Money yearly, and although well able to pay the same, yet often refuse so to do, presuming on the Discouragement their Creditors lie under from the great Expences they are unavoidably put unto in filing for such Debts in the County Court (which is upwards of Twerity-seven Miles distant from any Part of the said Hundred of and, as an easy

and speedy Method of recovering small Debts within the said Hundred will greatly tend to promote Indus-tryf and to support useful Credit therein: Therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Hundred of Kirton aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall feetn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Vyner, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and others, of the Counties of Nottingham, Derby, and Leicester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by Surveys lately taken, it appears that a Cut, or Canal, may be conveniently made, from the Place where the River Trent communicates with the Lordships of Sawley and Long in the County of Derby, through Part of the same Lordships, and also through Part of the Lordships of Sandy-acre, Stanton, Little Hallam, Ilkefioneand Eajtwood,

to or near Langley Bridge, in the said Counties of Derby and Nottingham, for the Navigation of Barges, Boats, Lighters, and other Vessels with heavy Burthens, by Means whereof the Carriage of Coals, Lime, Lime Stone, Timber, Lead, and also all Kinds of Merchandize, will be rendered cheaper and easier than at present, to several Parts of the said Counties of Nottingham, Derby, and Leicester, and also to other Parts of the Kingdom: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining such navigable Cut, or Canal, with all necessary Cuts, and other Requisites for completing the fame, for the Benefit of Trade and Commerce, under

16

such Rules ami Rogulations as shall appear to the House to be right and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Mr.

Montagu, kc.i And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to feud for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Thomas Moore, Arthur Ed-

ward Brown, Shugborotigh Howe, Joseph Comer, and John W(Jl, and divers other Persons, whose Names are thereunto set and subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, as Lords of the several Manors lying within the Pafilh of Mear, in the County of Somerset, and as Feoffees of the Impropriation of the Rectory of Mear, and as Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Mear aforesaid, and as Owners and Proprietors of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Parish respectively, are interested in, and entitled unto, certain Commons, or Tracts of Commonable Lands, within the said Parish, called Westhay Moor, and Godenhay, otherwise Godney , which, in their present State, are incapable of Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, might be made of considerable Value; and that it will not only be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Petitioners, and all other Persons interested therein, to have the same divided and inclosed, but also of great public Utility: And therefore praying, That l^eave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and in-doling the said Commons, or Tracts of Commonable Land, and for such Aid and Assistance in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Taylor, Mr. Popham, and Mr. , do pre-

pare, and bringin, the fame.

Lord George Cavendish 'reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, and from thence in Two Branches (one through Ripley over Bur age Green, and the other through Knaresborough and to Ripon, and from thence to the First Rill of Water, or Watercourse on Hutton Moor, in the County of York, and for repairing the Sloughs or Rutts on the said Moor; so far as the same relates to the Road leading from the South West Comer of the Inclosures of Harrogate (through Knaresborough) to Boroughbridge, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through 'the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the President and Scholars of the College of Saint Mary Magdalen, in the University of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, in Right of the said College, are seised of certain Grounds, Messuages, Houses,

and

Westhajr

Incioiurfc.

Leeds

thro*

Knarefboro*

Roads.

Magdaierf

College,

(Oxford)

Leafing.

17 Geo. Ill; 10 ° Febr 143

and Buildings, in Tooley Street, and Street,

in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, in the County of Surrny; and that most of the Houses and Buildings have been erected many Years, and are now in a . ruinous Condition, and want rebuilding, and great Part of the Ground lieth open and unbuilt upon, and, in its present Situation, is of little Benefit to the Petitioners, but is very conveniently situated for Building; and great and lalling Advantages would arise to the College, and also to the Public in general, if the said Ground so unbuilt upon, together with that Part which is already built upon, was made into public Streets, and l’evcral new Buildings and Structures were thereon erected; but, as the Petitioners are, by the Laws now in Force, absolutely restrained from granting any Lease of the said Premises for a Term of Years sufficient to encourage Persons to build upon the fame, Therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to grant Leases of the said Premises for the Term of Ninety-nine Years, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Page, Sir Roger &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re*-cords.

Fflthorp A Petition of the Right Reverend Philip Lord Indo ure. gjf]10p Gf Norwich, Lord of the Manor of Collhorpe with Felthorpe, and Patron of the Rectory and Parish Church of Felthorpe, in the County of and the humble Petition of Sir William Jerningham, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of on the Part of

Feltluxrpe and Caverham, Robert the Younger,

Esquire, Proprietor of an Estate in Felthorpe aforesaid, George Molden. Clerk, Rector of the said Rectory, and Parish Church of Felthorpe aforesaid, and Lord of the Rectory Manor of Felthorpe, and John Sibel, Gentleman, Lord of the Manor of in Felthorpe, and Proprietor of an Estate in aforesaid, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manors and Parish, certain Dole and Heath Lands, Commons, or Waste Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners and others; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Petitioners and the several other Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, the said Dole and Heath Lands, Commons, or Waste Grounds, might be cultivated and greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Dole and Heath Lands, Commons, or Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper; Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, urfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that ir Edzcard AJlley, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, and Mr. Bacon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame-

Grateney, Major Laurie reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Noblemen of the County of Dumfries, and also the humble Petition of several Gentlemen, Heritors, and others, Proprietors of Lands in the same County, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, Voc. 36.

to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth, viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Greenlaw said, That the highroad leading from Grateney, by Locker by, to Moffat, and thence to the Confines of the County of Dumfries, with the Counties of Peebles and Lanark-, and also the High Road from 1 Dumfries, by Lochmaben, to Moffat; and also the High Road from Annan, by Dumbretton, Kirtlebridge, Spring* kell, Auchendebrig, and Irvine, to Langholm, are in a ruinous Condition, and narrow and inconvenient to Travellers; which cannot be effectually amended by the Laws now in being.

And the Witness informed your Committee, That the several other Highways or Roads within the said County would be better repaired than they are at present, and it would be more easy and convenient foi* all Persons liable to do Statute Duty upon the said Roads, if a reasonable Composition in Money was to be paid in lieu of the Statute Duty such Persons are now liable to perform upon the said Roads.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Grateney to Moffat, and thence to the Confines of the County of Dumfries, with the Counties of Peebles and Lanark; and the Road from Dumfries to Moffat; and also the Road from Annan to Langholm; and for converting the Statute Labour, within the said County of,

into Mogey; and for applying the same towards repair- ing the Highways within the same County: And that Major Laurie and Mr. Pulteney do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Andrew ttuddlefton, Esquire, Lord of Hutton

the Manor of Huttim John, in the Parish of Greystock, inclosure, in the County of Cumberland, and others, whose Names arethereunto subscribed, being respectively Freeholders,

Customary Tenants, and Land Owners, within the said Manor, in Behalf of themselves and all other the Freeholders, Customary Tenants, and Land Owners, and others, having Right of Common upon the said several Open and Waste Grounds, within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is a large Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Grounds, called Hutton Moot, and also sundry other small Tracts, or Parcels of Waste Grounds, within the said Manor, containing, - by Estimation,

4,000 Acres or thereabouts, which, in its present Situation, is of very little Use, but, if inclosed and divided, would not only be of much greater Use and Advantage to the Petitioners, and others interested therein, to hold the same in Severalty, and thereby greatly improve their respective Eliates, but also be of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave ' may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and in*

'doling the said Common and Waste Grounds within the said Manor, for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir James Lowther and Sir Michael le do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Crookhifl and others, residing in or near the Boroughs of Wey- *° mouth and Melcombe Regis, and Bridport, and the fe- rJSu* veral Towns or Parishes of Chickrell, Fleet, Lanton Herring, Portesham, Abbotsbury, Punc Szpyre, Burton, Bradstock, and Bothenhampton, in the County of Dorset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Roads leading from Crookhill, in the Parish of Chickrell (where the Wellem Part of the present Turnpike Road from Weymouth aforesaid ends) through the Towns or Parishes of Chickrell, Fleet, Langton Herring, Portesham, Abbot/hury, Puncknozvle, Swyre, Burton,

Bradstock,

Til v Cafn

Ferry

Road.

144

10° Februarii.

A. 1777.

Bradfock, ami Bolhenhatnpton, to Bridport aforesaid,

containing about Fifteen Miles in Length, are in a

very ruinous Condition, inconvenient for Wheel Carriages, and in many Places narrow and dangerous to Travellers, and cannot be effectually repaired and rendered commodious by the ordinary Methods prescribed by Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and rendering the said Roads more commodious, and keeping the same in Repair, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideratioti of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it flva.ll appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Tucker, Mr. Ellis, &c. /Mr. and Mr, do prepare, and bring

And they are to meet Tomorrow of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Grounds of the Petitioners and others, in the said Fields, Failures, Meadows, Lands, and Grounds, lie intermixed, and dispersed in final 1 Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable improvement; and it would be very- advantageous to the several Persons entitled thereto, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors thereof, in lieu of, and inProportion to, their respectiveRights and Interests therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Fields, Pafiures, Meadows, Lands, and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House flia.ll seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

Morning, at Ning^ in, the fame.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " «-ide, ing the Road leading from Tel yCqf,.Ferrj,

" in the County of Caernarvon, and through the - - - -- - - 1

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com-inon and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in NaJ/ing/on, Yarivell, Apelhorpe, and Woodneuiton, within the Prebend or Peculiar of

through

d owns of Conway, Bangor, and Caernarvon, to the " Town of Pwllhely, in the same County;" and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing near the said Road, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have made a considerable Progress in the Repair of the Roads therein mentioned, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls; but find that several Powers are Hill wanting, and further Alterations and Amendments are necessary; and that the said Roads cannot be properly

on;

House being informed that no Counsel

And the attended;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

jRefolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Powys, Mr. Knightley, &.C.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of John Phillips, of Liverpool, was prelected to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner hath, under the Power of a Grant to

widened and repaired, nor the Money borrowed repaid, him by His present Majesty, erected, at his own Ex-unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are en- pence, a Light House on One of the Rocks called The larged; and that the Road leading from Tal y Cafn Smalls, situate in Saint George's Channel, and hath, for Ferry aforesaid, on the Denbighshire Side of the River same Time past, caused Lights to be exhibited therein, Conway, to join the Turnpike Road between Conway for the Benefit of Shipping and Navigation; and that.

and Saint Asaph, at a Place called Sarny Mynech; and

also the Road leading from the Turnpike Road at the Village of Aber, in the County of Caernarvon, over Bzclch y Ddaufaen Mountain and Tal y Cafn Ferry aforesaid, to the Town of Lin the County of Denbigh; and also the Road leading from the Turnpike Road between Caernarvon and Pwllhely, to the

by the said Grant, the Petitioner is empowered to demand, collect, receive, and take, for all British Ships and other Vessels (except Ships of War) certain Duties therein mentioned, for defraying the Expences of erecting, supporting, and maintaining the said Light House, and the Lights therein, but that divers Owners and Mailers of Ships have refused to pay the said

Town of Kevin, in the said County of Caernarvon, are Duties; and that the said Light House hath been, and ruinous and narrow, and cannot be properly repaired, will continue to be, of great Benefit to all Ships and widened, and altered, by the Laws now in being: And other Vessels paflin g Saint George's and Bristol Channels; therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring and the Petitioner apprehends, that the Powers ordi-in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the afore- narily granted by the Crown for the Collection of said Act, and for repairing, w idening, and altering, the Duties for defraying the Expences of erecting and aforesaid other Roads, in such Manner, and under such maintaining Light Houses and Lights for the Benefit of

1 Ashby ioi’ure.

Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Smith, Mr.

Wynn, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, and otherwise interested, in the Open and Common Fields, Common Pallures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Shears Ashby, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and

Navigation do not extend to Ships and Vessels passing between One Foreign Port and another, or between Ireland and any of the Plantations and Foreign Ports, unless such Ships and Vessels put into some Port: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better collecting and enforcing the Payment of such Duties, for all such Ships and Vessels as aforesaid, as shall appear to the House to be adequate to the Expence of erecting, supporting, and maintaining, the said Light House and Lights, and that the Petitioner shall have such other Relief in the Premises as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gascoyne, Sir Henry Hogh-ton, 8cc.: And they are, to meet Tomorrow Morning.

Naflirigton!

&tc.

Inclosure.

Philips’ Light House,

ty Geo. III. i0° pebrmrii 145

ing, at Nine of the Clock* in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers* and Records.

fclik-End A Petition of several Ow ners of Houses and Pitdtes, Nightly and other principal Inhabitants, of the Hamlet of Wttcb. 3//^ End (jid Town, in the Parish of Saint Dwnjtan, Stepney, otherwise Stebonheath, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,-was pre-feuted to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Hamlet is large and populous, and daily in-creaiing in Houses and Inhabitants, and, from its Situation, is exposed to frequent Robberies, Outrages, and Burglaries; and that it would tend greatly to the Safety and Convenience of the Inhabitants thereof, and of all Persons resorting to and passing through the fame* if the Roads, Ways, and Passages, therein were properly tvatched, and a regular Patrole for the Night established there; and that the Poor of the said Hamlet are very numerous, and supported at a heavy Expence, which the Petitioners apprehend might be con-uderably lessened, and the Poor better relieved, if proper Powers were given for their Regulation: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

tJfington, A Petition of the Right honourable William Lord Craven, Lord of the Manor of in the County

c ure* of Berks, and Owner or Proprietor of certain Lands within the Manor and Parish of Uffington, and of certain other Lands within the Hamlets of and Fawler, in the Parish in the faiu County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within , the Township of Uffington, swid the Hamlets of Balking and Wolston, otherwise Wolversion, in the Parish of Uffington aforesaid, and also in the Hamlets of Kingstonlifie and Fawler, in the said Parish of divers Open

and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commop Pallures, Downs, Commons, and other Commonable Lands, belonging to the Petitioner and others, which lie intermixed, and dispersed; and certain Owners of Lands, in the Hamlets of Kingstonlijle and Fawler, have Right of Common with the Petitioner and others in certain Lands in the Township of Uffington, and Hamlet of Balking aforesaid; and the said several Lands arc not, in their prefect Situation, capable of any.'considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided and allotted, and certain Parts thereof inqlofed, it would be of great Advantage to the Petitioner and the several other. Persons interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and incfofing, the said Lands and Grounds, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that J4r. Elias, Mr. Winchcombe Hartley, and Mr. Barrow, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

FurmWnugh A Petition of the Reverend John Craven, Clerk, Iudoftwc. Lord of the Manor of in the County of

Berks', and Owner or Proprietor of certain Lands within the Parish and Manor of Farmborough aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish and Manor, Vo l.36.

divers Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows,

Common Pallures, Dow ns, Commons, and other Commonable Lands, belonging to the Petitioner and the +

Rector of the said Parish, which lie intermixed, and dispersed, and other Persons have certain Common Rights on Part of the said Commonable Lands; apd the said several Lands are not, in their prCfent.Situation, capable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be of great Advantage to the Petitioner and the other Persons m-terelied therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and in-doling the said Lands and Grounds, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition t And that Mr. Elwcs, Mr. Winchcombe Hartley, and Mr. Barrow,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of William Flamank, and Sarah Harry, Harry *s

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Debt to the That William Harry, of Saint Ives, in the County of ('rown‘ Cornwall, Gentleman, on or about the ioth Day of Mav 1748, was appointed Collector of His Majesty’s Customs at the Port of Saint Ives, in the County of Cornwall; and the Petitioner William Flamank, with Arthur Spry, of Place, in the said County of Cornwall,

Esquire, since deceased, entered into a Bond to His Majesty, dated the 14th Day of May 1748, in the Penalty of £. 1,000, conditioned for the said William Harris faithftil Execution of the said Office; and that the said William Harry held the said Office of Collector from his Appointment to the Time of hip Death, which happened on or about the 17th of Fer bruary 1761; when, upon Hating his Accounts as Collector, there appeared to be due to the Crown upwards of£. 3,poo;, and that a Writ of Extent having shortly afterwards issued, all the Real and Personal Estates, which the said William Marry died poflfefled of, were* at a considerable Expence, extented, and fold for the Benefit of the Crown; and the Money arising therefrom, after a Deduction -of such Expen.ce, has been applied in Reduction of the Debt, but there fall remains due £. i,zoo and upwards; and that the said Arthur Spry died many Years since, in the J^feAivp? of the said William Harry, intestate and infojvent; and that she Petitipner William Flamank is of the Ago of Seventy Years or thereabouts, has a very large Family, and the Payment of £. i,oooo, the Penalty of the said Bond, would greatly diltmfs him and his Family; and that, by Indentures of Lease and Rejepfe, bearing Date respectively the 26th and 27th Days of September 1748, he the said WiUiqmHarry, and Grace his Wife, of the one Part; Robert Hoblin Samyyl Per rival,

Esquires, and the Reverend John Trcgemia, Clerk of the other Part; made in pursuaince of certain Articles of Agreement entered into previous to thpMmring® of the said William Harry, wad &rpee his Wife, divers Lands "

apd Hereditaments therein particularly mentioned, in the said County of Cornwall, were qonveyed and limited to the said Robert JJobling, Sanmel Per rival, and John Tregenna, and their Heirs., and Assigns, in Trust for the said WiUiqm.Harry.and his Assigns, during his Life; Remainder to Trustees to preserve contingent Remainders; Remainder to the Ufepf Grace, his Wife, for her Life; Remainder to Trustees to preserve contingent Remainders; Remainder to the First and other Sop apd Sons of the said William Harry, and Grace his Wife, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies; Remainder to the Daughters of the said Marriage, with Remainder to the right Heirsof the Survivor of them the faddWilliam Harry and his Wife; and

that the said Grace Harry, died many Years since, leaving her Husband the said, William Harry to fqrvive her, and leaving One Son named Will if m, wh°, on the Death of his laid Father, became Tenant ip tail of

P p the

146 to*'FebruariLA. 1777-

the Eftaie comprifod in the said Settlement} and that the said William Harry the Son levied a Fine of the1

said Estates, and having the reby, and by other Afl'u* ranees in the Law, gained to himself dh absolute Power over the said Estate, subject to a Mortgage made thereof previous to the said Settlement jfbr securing the Principal Sum of £.656. 15 s. with Interest, made his last Will and Testament, dated on or about the 8th of July 1772, and thereby devised the Premises comprised in the said Settlement to the Petitioner Sarah

Harry, her Heirs and Assigns, in Trust, that Ihe should fell the Freehold and Inheritance thereof, and out of the Money arising therefrom, in the First Place, to discharge the said £.656. 15*. with all Interest due thereon, and all such other Debts as should be due from the said William Harry the Son at his Death; and after Payment thereof, in the next Place, to pay such Sums as should be recovered against the said William Flamank, by virtue of the aforesaid Bond; and then in Payment of sundry other Sums charged on the said Premises, to the Amount of £.546, and made the Petitioner Sarah Harry foie Executrix of his Will; and that on a Representation of the Circumstances of the Petitioners, to the Lords Commissioner# for exc* cuting the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, they have been pleased to signify their Approbation of the Petitioners compounding the said Debt so due to the Crown, on Payment of the Sum of £.400.: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound with the Petitioners the said Debt due from the said William Harry the Father, in such Manner, and upon such Terms, as to the said Commissioners shall seem reasonable, and to give such other Relief to the Petitioners as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. '

Severn A Petition of several Gentlemen and others, of the

Fiiheiy. Counties of Salop, Stafford, Wdrcester, Gloucester, and Montgomery, refuting near the River was pre-

sented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, an Act was made for Preservation of Fishing in the River Severn -, and that, notwithstanding the Provisions of the said Act, many Persons do, by improper Nets and other Engines, kill and destroy the Salmon and other Fish, and the Fry thereof,' to the great Prejudice of the Fishery; and that, if the said Act was amended, and some further Powers given for the Preservation of the Salmon and other Fish in the said River, and the Provisions thereof extended to that Part of the said River which lies in the Counties of Stafford and Montgomery, it would be of great public 'Benefit, and also of great Benefit to the Petitioners, and to all Persons having Estates or residing near the said River: And therefore praying,’That Leave may

he given to bring in a Bill 'for more effectually prefer v ing the Salmon arid other Fish within the said River Severn, and for extending the Provisions thereof, and of the fahl Act of the Thirtieth of Charles the Second, to that Part of the said River which lies in the Counties of Stafford and Montgomery, in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That tire said Petition be referred to the Coplideration of q Committee: And that they do exmine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr: Baldwin, Mr. Hill, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen and others of thdfSevefci Counties of the Cities of Worcester and re-s

siding near the River Severn, was preferited to thtf House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have been informed, that a Petition has been, or is intended to be* presented to the House* praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually preserving the Salmon and other Fish within the said River Severn, and for extending the Provisions thereof, and of the Act of the Thirtieth of Charles the Second, for Preservation of Fishing in the River to that Part of the said River running through the?

Counties of Stafford and Montgomerij; and that it w'ouldl be beneficial to the Petitioners, arid other Inhabitants of the said Counties of the said Cities of Worcester and Gloucester, that such Provisions should extend to that Part of the said River running through the Counties of the said Cities of Worcester and Gloucester: And therefore praying. That such Parts of the River aforesaid may be included in the said Bill; and that the Provisions thereof, and of the said Act. of the Thirtieth of Chhrles the Second, may be extended to that Part of the said River running through the said Counties of the said Cities of Worcester and Gloucester, in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the last pre-' ceding Petition is referred: And that’ they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the £kme, as it shall appear to them to the House.

A Petition of the Gcrvefriof, Bailiffs, and Common- fed ford alty, of the' Company of Conservators of Great Level of the Fens, and of the several Per fons whose Drama* Names are thereunto subscribed. Ow ners of Free Lands within the Middle and South Levels, Part of the said . ,.

Great Level, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Great Level of the , called Bedford Level, is a Part of that great Plain W'hich extends into, and is bounded by, the Counties of 'Northampton, Norfolk, Suffolk, Linco Cambridge,. and Huntingdon, containing upwards of 300,000 Acres: and that the Rain and Spring Waters that fall on and ifl'ue out of the greatest Part of the above Counties^ and also from Parts of the Counties of Buckinghamr Hertford, and Essex, together with the Downfall on the Plain' itself, having their Course through the same to the Outfalls into the Sea at Lynrt and Wijbecfi, did for Ages overflow and drown the fafrtg, inso much that no Advantage redounded therefrom to Mankind, but River Fill), Water Fowl, and Reeds; and that Francis Earl of Bedford, after many fruitless Attempts by others, actuated by Principles of public Spirit, did, the Sixth Year of King Charles the First, undertake the great and public Work of.* draining the . fame, as appeals by a Lawr of Sewers made at a Seflibn of Sewerp field on the Thirteenth Day of January, in that Year, at King's Lynn in Norfolk', and that, by the said Law’, the Earl and his Adventurers, were to receive from the Proprietors 95,000 Acres, being nearly a Third Part of the Whole, for draining the fame, of Which

95.000 Acres, when drained, 55,000 Acres to be adjudged to the Earl and his Adventurers, as a Consideration for having drained the Whole, and the Residue thereof, being 40,000 Acres, were to remain as a Fund, from the Annual Profits of which the Worlds for draining were to be supported and maintained; and that the said Earl and his Adventurers made a good Progress therein, with Expence of great and vast Sums of Money, and so lar proceeded as that the grcaieft Part of the said 95,000 Acres was divided by Twenty Lots and Shares amongst the said Francis Earl of Bedford and his Adventurers, and their Affighs, and

40.000 Acres, Part of the said 95,060 Acres, let out and specifically allotted for the Maintenance and Preler-

vation

Htjfio. IIIi to 0 Februarii. 147

-yition of the Works; and that, by reason of some Ttl-tirruptions, the Works by them made, being fallen into Decay, so that, the intended Benefit to the Ptiblic had been in great Meafitre prevented, in 1649 Williant Earl of Bedford, his Son, and the Adventurers, applied to the then Parliament setting at who, by

an Act of that Year, fitting forth, " That the find " Great Level, by reason of frequent Overflowing of " the Rivers Welland, Nene, Grant, Ouse, Brandon,

" Mildenfiall, and Stoke, have been of small and uncertain Profit, but (if drained) may be improved' " and made profitable, and of great Advantage to " the Commonwealth, and to the particular Owners,

" Commoners, and Inhabitants, and be fit to hear * Colefeed and Rapel'eed in great Abundance, which " is of singular Use to make Soap and Oils within this " Nation, to the Advancement of the Trade of Clothing and Spinning of Wool, and much of it will be " improved into good Pasture for feeding and breeding " of Cattle, and for Tillage to be fovvn with Corn " and Grain, and fbi* Hemp and Flax in great Qhantity, by making all Sorts df Linen Cloth and Cord*

" age for Shipping within this Nation, which will " encrease Manufactures, Commerce, and Trading, at " Home and Abroad, will relieve the Poor by setting " them on Work, and will many other Ways redound " to the great Advantage ana strengthening of the Nation," thereby gave such Powers to the Earl of Bedford and his Participants, as were necessary for completing and continuing the said Work on the Plan of the Law of Sewers, made at King's Lynn in the Sixth Year of his late Majesty, King Charles the First, excepting that, by the said Act, instead of 40,000 Acres being specifically allotted for the Maintenance of the Works, the Whole 95,000 Acres were made liable to a Tax for the said Purpose; and that, from the Time the Land in the said Great Level was adjudged to- the Adventurers, the said 95,000 Acres, liable to'a perpetual Tax for draining, have been called or known by the Name of Adventure Land, and the Remainder, being double that Quantity, and not liable to be taxed for the General Works of Draining, called The Free J^rnds; and that bdth the said Adventure Lands and' Free Lands are equally liable to be overflown, lying intermixed, and nearly on the same Level; and that, by none of the Laws of Sewers, or Acts of Parliament,-herein dated, hath any Tax or Toll been laid on the Navigation through the said Great Level, for any Damage' done to the Great River Banks or other Works by HOrfes haling thereon, by Means whereof* flic Navigation is in general carried onand that, by an Act, parted1 in the Fifteenth Year of King Charles the Second, intituled.;

" An Act for settling the draining of The Great Level " of the Fens, called Bedford Level," in Part stating the Law of Sewers made at King's'Lynn, hi the Sixth Year of Charles the First, staJfothe Act of 164?), and

that William Rail df Bedford n and Heir of-Earl Francis, with drrers of 'his Adventurers and Participants, had proceeded in the completing and ftmflfing of the said WWksi but-thafc the same could not be preserved without coAstant Care, great Charge, and orderly GovermWept; it was-tlrerefore (ttmongftother Things) en;ifted-, That the said Widiom Earl of Bedford, and the Adventurers -and Participants of the said Earl Francis and Earl William, their Heirs and Assigns, should be a Body Politic and Corporate in Dead and Name, and have Suecefiion for brer, by the' ’Name of The Governor, Bailiffs, and of the Company

of Covfervators of the Great Level of Fensand the

Governor, Bailiffs, and Confemrtors, of the said Corporation w'ere thereby empowered to lay Taxes on the 95,000 Acres (12,000 Acres whereof had been designed and intended for his late Majesty King Charles the First, and had been-set forth and allotted by Bounds in Severalty) for the Support, Maintenance and Preservation, of the said Great Level, and to levy - Vol. 36.

the fame, with Penalties for Nori Payment; and do all other Things in order to the Support, Maintenance, and Preservation, of the said Great Level and Works* made, and to be made, iti such Manner as therein is mentioned ,* and the said Governor, Bailiffs, And Con-l’ervatorsj were thereby etiabled and empowered to use and e'xercife the Pdwer and Authority df Commissioners of Sdwers within the said Great Level of the Fens, and of the Works made, br to be made, without the said Great Level, for conveying the Waters of the said Great Level by convenient Outfalls to the Sea; and the said Corporation was thereby empowered* from Time to Time, to erect new Works, within or without the said Great Level, for conveying the Waters thereof by convenient Outfalls to the Sed; find that, by another Act, made in the Twentieth Year of tile said King, intituled, An Act for the taxing and assessing of the Lands of " the Adventurers within the Great Level of the Fens," »t Was enacted, That 83,000 Acres, Parcel of the said

95.000 Acres, should from Time to Time, be taxed and assessed by a gradual Acre Tax of different Sorts, and Values of Land; and, to the End that the said

83.000 Acres might be more equally taxed by a gradual Acre Tax, certain Persons in the said Act named were appointed Surveyors and Valuers of the said 83,000 Acres, and Were, within a Time limited by the said Act,-todigeftthe said -83,000 Acres into a Number of Sorts and Degrees not under the Number of Seven Sorts and Degrees and to rate and tax such Degrees* and> digelt the same into Schedules in Writing, and make Returns thereof upon their Oaths into The Fed Office, in such Manner as by the said Act was prescribed; and the said 12,000 Acres, Residue of the said

95.000 Acres, were to be rated and taxed by a Me-'

dium of the Tax at which the said‘83,000 Acres were taxed; and that, in pursuance of the said Act, the said 83,000 Acres were valued and set out into Eleven Sorts or Degrees of Land, to be rated and taxed in Manner following (that is to say) for a fingie Tax Fdur Pence per Acre on the First Sort of Land, Eight Pence per Acre on the Second Sort, and so encreasing

Four Pence upon every Sort, the Eleventh Sort to be taxed at 3 j. 8 d.per Acre; which Valuations werd returned into The Fen Office, as by the said last mentioned Act was directed, and the said 83,060 Acres have always since been taxed by a gradual Acre'Fax, aeoorcb ing to the Degrees and Proportions thereby set out and allotted, and the said 12,000 Aicres at a Medium of such Tax; and that, at a Court of the said Corpora* tion, held the 10th Day of 1697, the said Corporation declared, that the said Great Level should be dktinguished -by the several Names of the North Level, Middle-Level; and Smith Level; and that all that Part of the said 95,000 Acres that lies on the North Side of Moreton's Leame, -and South Side of Welland's , should be accounted that Part of the 95,000 Acres lying within-the North-Level-, and all that Part of the said 95;oooo Acres that lies on* the North Side'-efOld Bedford River, and the South

was that Part of the; 9.5,000 Acres belonging to the Middle Level; and that all that Phfrtof the said 9 5,00b AicrCs that lies oh the Smith Side ot Old Bedford Rivet-, was*thdt Part of the said 95,000 Acres belonging:-to >tihe South ' Leveland that, by-an Act, passed in the

.TWehlyifevertth Year of his late Majesty King ( the Second, intituled, An Act for discharging the "'Corporation of 1 the'G-oviennor, Bailiffs, and Com-‘V monalty» of the- Company of Conservators of The " Great Ijsvd of the Fens, 'commonly called Bedford " Level, from a Debt due to the Duke of Bedford and " Earl of Lincoln; and for enabling the Proprietors of " I^ands in the North Level, Part of the said Great *; I.evel, to raise Money to discharge the Proportion of the said North Level in the Debts of the said Corporation, and f6r ascertaining and appropriating the Taxes to- be laid on the said North Lrcel, and for the

Bfcdfotf . Level Drainage,

tj-i/ — 1 JJCuiOftt

Level

I>ainsge.

i48 i 6° Februariu A. 1777*

" the more eflcAua! draining' and preferring the said North Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, " in the Manor of Cravohnd;" it was, (amongst other Things) enacted, That the laid North Level, and the Revenues* thereof, shoukl. be freed and discharged from all Debts then owing by the said Corporation (except the Sum of £. 1,800; for the raising of Which, Provision was made by the said Act) and that the said North Level, or the Revenues thereof, should not be liable to the Payment of any Debts which should at any Time thereafter be contracted or borrowed by the said Corporation, for, or on Account of, the said. Middle and South Levels, or either of them; and that the said Middle and South Levels, or either of them, or the Revenues thereof, should not be liable to the Payment of any Debt borrowed by the said Corporation for or upon Account of the fakl North Level; and that under the said A As, and the Powers thereby given, the Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, have laid out great Sums of Money, arising from 'l uxes impeded on, and taised by, the Owners of Adventure and that,

in the Progrefe of such Taxation, some of The Adventure Lands have been so high taxed, in Proportion to their Values, that the Owners have, at Times, abandoned the fame, thinking it more for their Interest to give up all Property therein, than to retain the same by Payment of the Taxes, inso much that nearly One Sixth Part of the Whole hath been, at- divers Times, abandoned, and no Taxes paid for the same, to the great Lois of the Adventurers; and that, from this Cause, the Decrease of the Value of Money, the In-ereafe of the Value of Labour, and Materials necessary for carrying on and supporting their Works, and from other Causes, they have been obliged, for the Maintenance and Support of the Works of draining, besides the Taxes so expended, to contraA a considerable Debt; and that, from the late Improvements in Agriculture in the Inland Counties, and those which fur-round the Great Level, the Downfall is conveyed to the several Brooks in the Highlands which communicate with the Rivers;, and that, by the great Number of New Turnpike Roads in the said Counties, and the Amendments of the Highways in general, great Quantities of Water are conveyed into the Rivers, the greatest Part of Which Waters before stagnated where they fell, and were partly carried off by the Sun and Winds, and partly soaked into the Earth, but are now conveyed, and have their Course through The Great Level to Sea; and that the Commerce on the Rivers running through The Great Level is of late Years ,greatly increased; and that the Burden of the Barges and Lighters navigating through the fame, as also the Horses haling the said Barges and Lighters, are in-crealfed in their Number ami Size, by Means whereof, the Banks on which they hale, containing upwards of 100 Miles m Length, are trod down atld greatly da-magpad, for which no Compensation is, or ever hath been, made, for more than a Century, to the Governor; Bailiffs, and Conservators; and that Numbers of large Engines or Mills have; within the last Thirty Years, been erected for throwing the Waters of the Fens into the RivCrs, which, throwing great Quantities of the Mo6r which combs into the Mill Drains dHTolved by the Water, as weH as the said Water, into the Rivers, hath Ocoafioned die Beds of the said RiVers to grow iip, and hath much decreased the Depth of the fame; and that there have within these few Years, been made Two NeW Navigations, one from Thrapjhm to Northampton, by widening and deepening The Nene, the other from Biggttj'wade into The Onfey through the River IveU, hnd by Means of the said Navigations, the Floods are greater in Quantity, more rapid in their Progress to The Great Level, and.raise the Waters therein to a greater Heighth than was formerly known; and 18

that* from the Causes above stated, and others, the ( Works already made are now insufficient for carrying the Waters through and off The Great Level; apd -that the same is continually liable to be overflowed, and The Great River Banks in general want deepening, repairing, heightening, and strengthening, and will, from Time to Time, require great Sums for the continuing them in a proper State to preserve The Great Level from being overflowed, as also to furnish proper Haling Ways for the Navigators through the said Rivers, and other considerable Works are still wanting for the Preservation of the fame; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the Loss of The Great River Banks, and in Consequence the Loss of the . whole Level, will be attended, in a great Measure, with the Loss of the Navigation through the fame, from the Ports of King's Lynn and into

Northamptonshire, Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire,

tingdonshire. Not folk, and Suffolk, inso much that the Expence of carrying on the fame, after such melancholy Event shall have happened, will, from the Ilazard and Difficulty thereof, raise the Price of Goods and Merchandize carried into the Inland Counties to a much greater Height than any Toll that may be now laid for the Preservation of the same can do, and also be attended with a total Lois of all their great and important National Objects particularized in the Preamble above set forth to the AA of 1649, many of which are the great Sources of Commerce to those who at present carry on the said, Navigation; for that, when the said Banks aredestroy-ed, all the Haling Ways will be loft, and the Water flowing at large over the whole Level, will cause the Beds of the Rivers, for Want of a proper Scower, in a great Measure to grow up; and, not being restrained, take from the Ports of Lynn and that

Back Water, by the Restraint of which within its Banks, and the Velocity thereby given it, these several Harbours are kept open and preserved to the Degree they at present are; and that, if all the Works of the laid Great Level should be fulfered to go to a total. Decay, four Times the Sum which will now preserve it will scarcely be sufficient to recover the fame; and that the Petitioners, having exerted every Means in their Power for the Preservation of the said Level, and finding it impossible to proceed therein, did publickly advertise a Meeting of the Country at to take into

Consideration the distrelled State of the said Levels, arising from the Causes and FaAs herein by the Petitioners Hated; and that, in Consequence thereof, a Meeting was held at The Shire Hall in Ely, the 3d Day of November 1774; and several subsequent Meetings have been since had, pursuant to public Advertisements, as well at The Fen Office in The Inner ple; London, as at The Shire in Ely aforesaid, for

that Purpose; and it hath at such Meetings been deemed expedient and necessary, that Application-should be made to Parliament, for impaling a temporary Tax, to be continued for Seven Years, on the Free Lands within the said Middle and South and also for a further Tax, for the like Time, on such Part of the said 95,000 Acres of Adventurers Lands as lie within the said Middle and South Levels; and {ikewife for imposing and collecting Toll?, or Tonnage, on Goods which shall be navigated in the said Levels, m order, by those Means, to raise necessary additional Funds, as well for preserving and improving the Drain-. age, as the Navigations of the said Levels: And there-fpre praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for preferring the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, and the several Navigations through the fame; and for imposing the Taxes on the Lands within the said Levels, and laying Tolls on Goods conveyed by the said Navigations, in order to raise further ue-ceflary Futids for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition lie referred to the

Consideration

11 Geo. III. io 0 Februarii 140

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Mutter thereof; and report the fame, as it limit appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Colton, Sir

Sc/mfjbn Gideon, Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and alt who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County, of whose Names

are thereunto subserjbed, was presented-to thelloufe, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from Bala in the County of Merioneth, through Llanarmon Disfljyu Ceiring, to a Place called in

the Panin, of Llanjilin, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Octo Wrexham; also the Road from Balaaforefaul to the Turnpike. Gate-at

IJandegia, on th<- Road leading from Wrexham to Ruthin, in the County oil Denbigand the Road from Bala aforesaid, over Cadair-Bthrough V

Radas, to Liannejt, in the 1'aid County of Denbigh; and from Bala aforesaid, through Conoen in the said County of Denbigh; aAd talfo a Road branching out of the said Jali-mentiboed Road,.from or near the Sign of The Lour Croffesin by

or near Cerrigy Druidion, through aforesaid, over Bivlehy Ddau faen to join the Turnpike Road from Coincayto Bangor, in the County of Carnarvon; and also the Road leading from Bala aforesaid, to the Confines of the County of , at

or near a Place called Traeth Mazer; and also the Road leading from Bala aforesaid through Betties to Ruthin, in the County of Denbigh; and also the Road leading from Bala aforesaid over y Gives to

Dinas y Mowdduy, in the County of Merioneth; also

the Road leading from Milldir Gon the Confines of the County of Merioneth, to Bala aforesaid, and ifom thence to Dolgdley, in the said County of Merioneth, and from Dolgdley aforesaul to the Turnpike Road leading fromPod i hroughL/aMachynlleth, at or near a Place called Di Bridge, in the County of Montgomery, and from Dolgdley aforesaid through Dinas y Mowddwyto the Turnpike Road near Malheyd,

lead]ug from Cool to Machynlleth aforesaid.; also the Road leading from Dolgdley aforesaid to , in

the Ibid.County of Merioneth, and from thence by of through Harleigh to join the Road at the Confines of the said County of Merioneth, at or near Traeth Mazer aforesaid > also the Road from Dolgdley aforesaid to Tun y bzolch in the said County of Merioneth, and from thence through Ffejtining, and Yfpyttj to Cerrig y Druidion aforesaid; also the Road ieading from Dol-gelley aforesaid through Toufn to Abej-dovy, in the said County of Merioneth, and from thence to the Turnpike Road at or near a Place called Court, leading from Machynlleth, in the said County of Montgomery, to Tozcyn, and the Road leading from aforesaid

over a certain Place called Guilt y ffynnun Rhydd to Barmouth Ferry, are severally in a ruinous State, narrow in many Plaees, and incommodious and dangerous for Passengers.and Carriages, and cannot be effectually repaired, ltraightened, widened, and amended, by the prdinary Courl'e prescribed by Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill lbr repairing, ltroightening, widening, and amending, the said several Roads, in such Manner as the House shall think tit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do.exa*-mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appeal- to them,' to the House:

Ami it is referred to Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, Mr. Grenville, &e,: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

VOL.30.

Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Maria Terry, was presented to the Lloule, and read; Praying, That Leave may. be given to bring in a Bill for her Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Elit es and Mr. Whitzoorth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the principal Proprietors of Lands, Sic. in the Parish of Windlejkamand in Surrey, in Behalf of themselves, and others, was presentud to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, there is a large Tract of Waste in the said Parish, which may be cultivated and rendered beneficial to the said Proprietors and the'Public, but cannot be elTebted witlioutf the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying for Leave to bring , in a Bill for the Purpose of inclosing some Parts of the said Waite, and dividing the some between all Parties concerned, according to their respective Claims.-

Ordered,'That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. .

A Petition Of the principal Inhabitants, Manufac- -turers, and Tradesmen, within the Parish of Old Stoins-ford, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford, and the several Townships, Hamlets, and Places, within the said Parish, was presented to the ’ House, and read; Setting forth, That within the said Parish, there now are, and for many Years pall have been, divers Manufactories'of Iron, Glass, and Cloth, and other Trades; carried on in a very large and extensive Manner, and many Thousands of Persons are oonftantly employed therein.; and that Persons residing and trading within the . said Parish contract several finall Debts, which,* in the Whole, amount yearly to a cansiderable Sum of Money; and, although well able to pay the same, yet often refuse so to do, presuming on the Dif-couragements their Creditors lie under, from the great Expences they are unavoidably put unto, and the Delays they meet with in suing for the fame; and the Petitioners apprehend that, if a more easy and speedy Method of recovering small Debts, within the said Parish of Old Swinford, and the several Townships, Hamlets, and Places, within the said Parish, was provided, the same would greatly contribute to promote Industry, and to support and encourage Trade and Credit therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the said Parish of Old Swinford, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford, and the several Townships, Hamlets, and Places within the said Parish, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Foley, Mr.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Henry WilliaWilfon, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of A/hwellthorpe ttnd Wrenmgham, and also Patron of the Advowson and Rectory of the Parish Church of Wreningham, in the County of Norfolk; the Reverend John Leman, Clerk, Rector of the said Rees-tory and Parish Church of Wreningham; Thomas Bcevor, Esquire, and of several other Owners of Estates, in the said Parish of Wreningham, entitled to certain Rights of Common within the said Parish, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That there are,

Q q within

Perry’s

Nat.

Windlefham

and

Bag(hot

Ineioiiirei

Old

Swinford Small Debt9-

Wreningham

Inclosure.

Wolverhampton

Streets.

Ipstones

Inclosure.

150 10’ Febru A. 1777.

within the said Parish, several Commons and Waste Lands, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the said Commons and Waste Lands were divided, and specific Allotments thereof made to the Petitioners, and all other Persons, according to their respective Rights, Shares, ami Intc-rest therein, the same might be greatly improved: And therefore praying. That T^eave may be given to bring in a Bill for the dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, under such Regulations as the House thall think just and reasonable.

Ordered, That I^eave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Edward Ajlley, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, and Mr. Bacon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Estates within the Town of,

in the County of Stafford, whefe Names are theregnto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Town is a very large, populous, and trading Town: and that it would tend greatly to the Convenience'^ of the Inhabitants, if certain ancient Buildings within the same W'ere taken down, altered, or rebuilt; and that, by reason a Navigation has lately been made up to the said Town, a much greater Number of Carts and Carriages are now used than formerly, in conveying Goods and Merchandize; and that the several Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages, within the said Town, are, in many Places, very narrow and incommodious, and are not properly lighted and cleansed, and are subject to various Nuisances and Annoyances; and that, if all Carts and Carriages used in the said Town, for carrying Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, were put under proper Regulation, the Tares to be taken for the Use thereof limited and ascertained, and the Behaviour of the Owners and Drivers rest rifted; and also, if such Parts of the said Streets, and other public Passages, as are narrow, were widened, and rendered safe and commodious for Passengers; and the several Streets, Lanes, Ways, Alleys, and Passages, and other public Places, within the said Town, were properly cleansed and lighted, and all Nuisances, Annoyances, Incroachments, and Obstructions therein, w ere removed, it would be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants, and to all Persons resorting the reto: And therefore praying, That Leave may Ixj given to bring in a Bill for eifefting the several Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Powys, &c: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Thomas Gilbert, John Sneyd, and John Beech, Esquires, Lords of the Manor of Ipjtones, in the County of Stafford, in Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Lords of the said Manor, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands and other Properties within the said Manor and Parish of , was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, several Open Commons and Waste Grounds, which, in their present Situation, are not capable of any Improvement; and that the Petitioners and others interested are desirous that the same ftiouid be divided and inclosed, and spepilic Parts thereof allotted to the Parties interested: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to >5

bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid; with such Regulations, Provisions, and Provisoes, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Mr. Gafcuyne and Sir William do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable Thomas Lord Viscount Weymouth, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in the Thirty-first; Year of the Reign of King George the Second, an Act jfras made, for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement, for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, within the Manor of in the County of Wancick; and also for enabling the Petitioner to erect and work one or more Fire Engine or Fire Engines, under the Direction of the Commissioners thereby ap-inted, for the more effectually draining the Coal ines within the said Manor; and, in order to defray the Expence of erecting the said Engine, and of maintaining and supporting the fame, the Petitioner is thereby authorized to receive certain Sums, for all Coals or Kennel, which should be gotten out of any Colliery, w’ithin the said Manor, or elsewhere within the Parishes of Tamworth, or Kingsbury, within the Power or Draining of the said Engine; and, that in pursuance of the said Act, the said Common Fields have been divided and inclosed, and a Fire Engine built by the Petitioner, at a very considerable Expence, over and above the Sum authorized to be laid out for that Purpose; and, that in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, an Act was made to amend and render more effectual so much of the first-mentioned Act, as relates to the draining and working the said Coal Mines and Engine, and for securing to the Petitioner the Re-payment of all the Money then expended, and due to him on Account of the said Engine, together with all Into-rest then due for the fame, in the same Manner as the Money expended by the Petitioner, in pursuance of the first-mentioned Act, was thereby secured to him; and that, since passing the said Act, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioner hath expended and laid out several further Sums of Money, in maintaining and supporting the said Engine, which he hath brought to such Perfection, that there is Reason to expect the same will, in a short Time, become of great public Utility; but the Petitioner hath no Security, by either of the said Acts, for the Money so expended in maintaining and supporting the said Engine:'And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending the last mentioned Act, and for securing the Money now due to the Petitioner, as aforesaid, by such Ways, and in such Manner, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Powys, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Earl of Carlisle, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Towuiship and Parish of Bulmer, in the North Riding of the County of York, several Open, 'Un-inclosed. Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, the Property of the Petitioner and others, the Property whereof lies intermixed and dispersed, and some Part4 thereof are boggy, and subject to be overflowed; and is^in its present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that, if the said Lands were divided, inclosed, and drained, it would be very advantageous to the Petitioner and the rest of the Proprietors: And therefore

praying,

Wilnecotf Coal Mine*.

E ulmer Inclosure,

Tunstall

ladofuxe.

Boynton

Inclosure.

Bubwith

with

Harlethorpe

Inclosure*

Barmby

Indofuie*

17 Geo. III. r,o 0 Februarii 151

praying. That Leave may be given to being in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and draining, the said Lands, under such Regulations as to the Houl’e shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave bo given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Air. Storer, Mr. Selwyn, and Mr. Wallace, dq prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir James Penny man presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of , in -

ness, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir James Pennyman presented to the House, accord* ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting the several Open and Common Fields, Pastures, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Townshipof in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received: and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, and Lands, in the Township of Bubwith with Harlethorpe, in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Township, several Open and Common Fields, Ings, and Uninclosed Meadows, wherein the Lands of the Proprietors lie intermixed, and dispersed in fmaJl Par* eels; and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any conitderable Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to the Parties interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a BUI for the Purposes above mentioned, under such Restrictions and Regulations as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile, Mr. Lascelles, and Sir Cecil Wray, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, Frontsteads, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Parish and Manor of Barmby upon the Moor, in the County of York, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish and Manor, several Open Arable Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which lie intermixed, are inconveniently situated, and, in their present State, not capable of Improvement; and that the Petitioners and the other Owners within the said Parish and Manor are desirous that the said Open Arable Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, may be divided and inclosed, and that specific Shares thereof may be allotted and assigned to and amongst them, in Severalty, in lieu of, and in Proportion to, their respective Lands, Grounds, Common Rights, Manorial Rights, Estates, Properties, and Interests therein; and that due Compensations or Equivalents may be made in lieu of all Tythes and other Ecclesiastical Dues (Surplice Fees and Mortuaries only excepted) within the same Parish and Manor: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, and for such other Purposes to be therein contained, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

VOL. 36.

Sir George Savile, Mr. Lascelles, and Sir Cecil Wray, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves ami others. Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, Frontsteads, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the ' Towniliips of North Neicbald, a.id South Newbald, within the Parish of North Newbald, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Towniliips and Parish, several Open Arable Fields, Wolds, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which lie intermixed, are inconveniently situated, and, in their present State, not capable of Improvement; and that there are also, within the said Township of South other Grounds which are deemed Ojien Lands, though fotne Part thereof have of late been inclosed; and that the Petitioners and the other Owners within the said Townships are desirous that the said Open Arable Fields, Wolds, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, may be divided and inclosed, and that specific Shares thereof may be assigned amongst them in Severalty, in lieu of, and in Proportion to, their respect tive Lands, Grounds, Common Rights, Manorial Rights, Hereditaments, Estates, Properties, and Interests therein; and that due Compensations, or Equivalents may be made in lieu of all Tythes and other Ecclesiastical Dues (Surplice Fees and Mortuaries only excepted) within the same Townships and Parish: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, and for such other Purposes to be therein contained, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile, Mr- Lascelles, and Sir Cecil Wray, do prepate, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Merchants, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants, of the West Riding of the County of York, residing near and usually travelling the High Road herein after mentioned, lying in the same Riding, and whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the High Road leading from or near the Market Town of Halifax to the Market Town of Sheffield, both in the said Riding, through the Parishes of Halifax, Huddersfield, Almond-bury, Kirkheaton, Kirkburton, Penefione, Tan-

kerjley, Ecclesield, and Sheffield, by the frequent Usage thereof with Carriages carrying heavy Burdens to and from the said Towns of Halifax and Sheffield, through the said several Parishes, and by other Means, is become very bad, deep, ruinous, and much out of Repair, and is in many Places very narrow, so as not to admit of Carriages safely passing each other, and therefore very incommodious, and in many Places almost impassable, and cannot be effectually repaired, amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, for repairing, amending, widening, and altering, the Road before-mentioned, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exar mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Savile, Mr. Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according-tq Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering

au4

Newbald

Inclosure.

Halifax,

1 id Sheffield ' Road.

Halifax

See.

Road*-

Woifled Yarn Spinners.

Eland

to

Leeds

Road.

Lincoln

&c.

Road*.

Gloucester

Election.

A Member

being ill, Committee adjourn;

*52

io° Februarii. A. 1777.

and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending, the Roads from the Town of Halifax, and from Soucrby Bridge, in the County of York, by to Burnley and Uttleborough, in the county of ' Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejblvcd, That the Bill be read a Soeond Time.

Sir George Savileprefenleil to the House, according

to Order,a Bill for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abides committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of combing Wool, Woriied Y arn, and Goods made front Woriied, in the Counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill bo read a Second Time.

Sir George Savile pnefented to the House, according to Older, a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fourteenth and Twenty-sixth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road leading from Eland to the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same w as received; and read the First Time.

liefclvcd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr' Vyner presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from the City of Lincoln, and for repairing and widening the Roads from the Termination of the present Turnpike-Road at the Foot of Bracebridge Bridge, over the said Bridge Well ward, to the Extremity of the County of Lincoln, near a Place called Potter Hill, and from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road, at the Foot of Canwicke Hill, Southward, to a Windmill at the Top of the said Hill: And the fame, was received; and read the First Time.

BeJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Cecil Wray reported from the Select Committee,

appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of the honourable George Cranfield Berkeley and also the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freeholders and Electors of the County of Gloucester, for and on Behalf of themselves and all other Freeholders of the same County, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County; That the said Committee having met on Saturday Morning lait, at Ten of the Clock, pursuant to their Adjournment on Friday lalt} and Charles Ander-

J'onPelham, Esquire (One of the Members of the said Select Committee) not having attended; the Committee then adjourned till Ten of the Clock this Morning.

And Sir Cecil Wray further acquainted the House, that the said Committee having met this Morning, at Ten of the Clock, pursuant to the said Adjournment; and the said Charles Anderson Pelham, Esquire, not being then present, the said Committee fu rther adjourned till Ten of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

And a Member, in his Place, having informed the House, hat he had several Times seen Mr. Pelham, and that he was extremely ill; and that a Person attended at the Door, who could give the House some further Information upon this Subject;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted " Elections or Returns of Members to i’erve in Parliament," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then Mr. John Brand, Apothecary, being called in, was, at the Bar, examined upon Oath, as to the pre-feut State of Mr. Pelham's Health; and informed the House, that he attended Mr. Pelham, and had seen him that Day; that Mr. Pelham was then ill of a Fever; and that he did not apprehend Mr. Pelham would, for several Days, be able, to attend Ins Duty on the said Committee.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That Leave be given to the said Select Committee, to proceed Tomorrow Mornings pursuant to their Adjournment, notwithstanding thp Absence of the said Mr. /Y/Auztt.: .

A Petition of the several Proprietors and Owners of I-antis, within the Precincts of Barton and

Middle Barton, in the Parishes of Westeott Barton and Steeple Bartbh, in the County of whose Names

are thereunto subscribed and- set, on Behalf of theno-selves, and other the Proprietors anil Owners of'I-finds within the said Precincts of Wcjkott Barton and Middle Barton aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Precincts, Two Oped Fields, called The North and The South Side, over which the Petitioners and others have Rigid: of Common, containing, large Quantities of Waite or other Common'Ground, which lie intermixed, and are inconveniently situated, with respect to the several Houses of the Proprietors thereof; and the Petitioners are delirous, that the said Fields may be divided and inclosed, and that specific Allotments thereof may* be made, according to their several Properties, Right of Common, and interests therein, to all the Proprietors, Owners of Lands, Tythes, and Commons, in the said Fields, winch Diviiiion and Inclosure would manifestly tend to the Benefit and Advantage of all the said Proprietors: And therefore praying. That Leave may be. given to bring m a Bill, for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Mear dows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Precincts of Westcoit Barton and die Barton aforesaid, or to grant to the Petitioners f*ch other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John St. John and Lord Robert Spencer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to empower His Majesty to secure and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of High Treafdn committed in North America, or on the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The. House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Te„ors for the Yeas, }.95.

ii r .1. -v- {Mr. T/mnasToiofield, 1 Tellers for the Noes, } PuUtKy.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was, according read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That tlii6 House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of Richard Yates, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, is very large and populous, and great Numbers of

Persons

— allowed to proceed#

Barton

Inclosure.

America;

Bill to detain suspected - Persons.

Birmingham

Theatre.

Birmingham

Theatre.

Bugthorpe

lndosure.

17 Geo. III.

Persons of considerable Property, reading in the said Town and in the Neighbourhood thereof, are desirous of having a public Theatre, or Plavhouse, established there, tinder proper Regulations; and that a commodious Building has been erected by Subscription, within the i'aid Town, for the Purpose ofperforming Plays and other Entertainments of the Stage, and the Petitioner has, at a very great Expence, fitted up the said Building, and provided all Things necessary for the performing of such Entertainments: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a BHl to enable His Majesty to grant Letters Patent, for licensing a Playhouse, or Theatre, within the said Town, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it rs referred to Mr. Mr. LafceUes,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of many of the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed. Application is intended to be made to Parliament, for a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant a Patent for a Theatre in the said Town of Birmingham; and that the Petitioners conceive, a Licensed Playhouse would be agreeable and Convenient to the said Town and Neighbourhood, and to a great Number of Persons of Fortune and Dif-tinftion resorting thereto, and would in several Respects be an Advantage to the said Town: And therefore praying the House, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the lall preceding Petition is referred.

*53

tures, and to the Soil and Ground thereof; and that the several Lands and Grounds of the said Proprietors in the said Open Fields lie intermixed with each other, and the said Fields and Stinted Pastures are not, in their present Situation, capable of Improvement, but it would tend greatly to the Benefit of the Petitioners, and be of public Utility, if the said Open Fields and Stinted Pastures were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Petitioners, according to their respective Rights in and throughout the fame;

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing the said Open Fields and Stinted Pastures, in such Manner as to the House thall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Kurfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Ir. Winchccmibe Hartley and Sir George Savile do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing MarceUin Pemoud, Pernood’t was read the Third Time. 1 N«t

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Jflarcellin

Ordered, That Mr. Elwes do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

' „ 1

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Way>

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the and McaA. whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

t - i € t

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

I o* — 110 Februarii.

A Petition of Thomas Watkinson Payler, Esquire, and another,- whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Township of Bugthorpe, in the County of York, several Open and Uninclosed Arable Fields, called Mill Field, HiU. Field, and

Long How Field, containing, by Estimation, 640 Acres, or thereabouts; and also Two Common Stinted Pastures, called Towns Pastureand Barff containing, by Estimation, 310 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the said Township is situate within, and Parcel of, the Prebend of Bugthorpe with Stockton in the Cathedral and Metropolitical Church of St. Peter in York; and the Reverend William Berdmore is one of the Prebendaries of the said Cathedral Church, and intitled to the Great or Reftorial Tythes yearly arising in Bugthorpe aforesaid, or in the Tythable Places thereof, and also to divers Parcels of Land in the said Open Fields, and to divers Cattle Gates or Beast Gates in or upon the said Stinted Pastures, which are held by Lease for Throe Lives now in being by the said Thomas Watkinson Payler; and that the Reverend Edward Bracken, Clerk, is Vicar of the Vicarage of Bugthorpe aforesaid, and entitled to certain Lands in the said Open Fields, and to divers Cattle Gates or Beast Gates in or upon the said Stinted Pastures; and also to all the Small and Vicarial Tythes yearly arising within the said Township of Bugthorpe; and that the said Thomas Watkinson Payler, Thomas Linton, John Buhner, Thomas Botterell, Joseph Craven, John Smith, jmd Lancelot Thorpe, are Owners and Proprietors of the Residue of the Lands and Grounds in the said Open Fields, and also of the Residue of the Cattle Gates or Beast Gates in or upon the said Stinted Paf-- Vox.. 36.

Mart is, 110 die Februarii $

Anno 17* Georgii IIPU Regis, 1777.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for repairing and wideiiing the Henfleld, Road leading from The Maypole, at the End of &c. the Turnpike Road in the Town of Henfield, in the Ro*d. County of Suffer., over Poynings Common, to the Town of Brighthelmstone, and from Poynings Common aforesaid, to High Cross, in the Parish of Albourne; and from thence, for the Distance of Two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards Tioineham, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, That Persons passing between Saddlefcombe Hill and Brighthelmstone shall pay but Half Tolls.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road lead- „ ing from The Maypole, in the Town of Henfield, over Poynings Common, to the Town of and from Poynings Common aforesaid to High Cross, in the Parish of Albourne; and from thence, for the Distance of Two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards Tvoineham, and from The Marie Pit near the Bottom of Saddlefcombe Hill, in the F’arish of Nezotimber, to The Marie Pit fronting Nero timber Broad Lane, in the same Parish, in the County of Suffer.

R r Ordered,

*54

ii

FebruariL

A. 1777.

Shtpwrck

Inclosure.

KiJdcrminster

Roads.

Thorpe

Malfor

Inclosorc.

Tanfor

Inclosure.

Duke of Manchester’s Estates.

Aguiton’t

Nat.

Severn

Bridge

and

Gloucester

Streets.

Ordered, That Mr. Newnham do carry the Bill to

the I^ords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Walter be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons interested in a certain Common, or Waste Ground, called Shaptc Moor, or Turf Moor, and other Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Shapwick, in the Comity of

A Messuage from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act of the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House, in the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of Wor refer i -and a^so to repeal so mufti of Two Acts, of the '1 enth of his late Majesty, and -the Seventh of His present Majesty as relate to the Rojidfoom The; Mitre Oak to a Farm rloufe oadled and from Tilton

firook to (he Hamlet of Wribbenhall, in the said County; and to discontinue the rowers of an Act* of the Eighth of His present Majesty, so far as relate to the Road, from The Crqjl of the Hands near Goodness , to a |>lace called The fyoplj and fqf more effectually amending, widening, and keepjiig in Renair, the several Roads described in jthe pirft-ipentionea Act; and also several other Roads therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, within the Manor and Parish of Thorpe ,in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Tanfor, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the several Rectories, Parsonages, Churches, and Chapels, of Rockbume, Beeqmore, South Charford,

Whitsbury, and SZuidejley, with the Glebe Lands, Tythes, and other Appurtenances, thereto respectively belonging, Part of the settled Estate of the most noble George Duke of Manchester, in Trustees, upon certain Trulls therein expressed; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments of the said Duke, in lieu thereof, to the several TJfcs therein mentioned: to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing William Aguitonto which the Lords de-

fire the Concurrence of this House.

And, then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Barrow reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants, of the City of Gloucester, and of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, redding near, or resorting to, the said City, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove t he Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Wilkins Jepfon, Deputy Clerk of the Peace for the County of Gloucester, and Partner with Mr. , the Town Clerk of the City of Gloucester, informed your Committee, That several Years ago a Brick Bridge *7

was built by Subscription across The Severn, at Maise-moor, near tike said City, and in the Road leading to Worcester;that for Want of a Fund to maintain the said Bridge, the same has been for some Time in a ruinous State, and that by the late equinoctial Tides, and great Fall of Rain, the said River was swelled so high, and became so rapid, that, a Vessel was driven from its Moorings against the said Bridge, and broke down One of the Arches; in Consequence whereof the Remainder of the . Bridge was blown up, and totally destroyed, and the Communication thereby stopped, between the said City of Gloucester and the Cities of Bristol and , and the Western and Southern Parts of England, the City and County of Worcester, the Counties of Hereford. ana Salop, and the Nortlkem Parts of the Kingdom.

That, in order in some Degree to remove so great a" public Inconvenience, a Right Wooden Bridge was soon after set up in the room of the former by private Persons, at. their own Expence, but which cannot’ be expected to last long.

That th^rc is a Canfeway, called Overs,

leading from the said City towards the said Bridge, and and also towards Hereford, Monmouth, and,

mid which is 800 Yards long, raisedupon 25 Arches, for the Passage of the Waters, from the adjoining Meadows in the Time of Floods; — that the Road along the said Causeway is. in general very narrow, and that the Passage over the said Arches is not more than Seven Feet wide, which makes travelling along the said Causeway very dangerous: and he informed your Committee* That about Two Years ago a Person was drowned by missing the Track over One of the said Arches.

Then, a Member present confirmed the above Evidence; inilanced the dangerous Situations that several Persons had been in; and said. That he himself had heen in the utmost danger of losing his Life in passing over the said Causeway and Arches.

Mr. Henry Wilton corroborated the forgoing Evidence with respect to the State and Condition of the said Bridge at Maifcmoor, of the said Causeway, and of the said Arches.

The said Member informed your Committee, That the said Causeway was raised by a Donation about 200 Years ago: And Mr. Jepfon said. That there is no other Provision for supporting and repairing it than the very inadequate Sum of £. 5 per Annum, which, it appears, by the Records of the Corporation of Gloucester, was many Years ago appropriated to that Purpose.

And he said, That it does not appear by the Records of the County of Gloucejl, that the said Bridge at Mafemoor was a County Bridge, or ever repaired as such.

The Witness then informed your Committee, That the Bridge over another Branch of the River,

at the Well Gate of the said City of Gloucester, and leading from thence immediately to the aforesaid Causeway, is much out of Repair, and in its present State very inconvenient; that if Part of the said Bridge was made a Draw Bridge, for the passing of Vessels, without their Masts being lowered, many Interruptions, Delays, and Damages, which now frequently happen, might be prevented.

That the several Streets in the said City are very ill paved and cleansed, and the Passage through the same rendered inconvenient, and obllrucled by many Nuisances and Annoyances; and that the present Methods prescribed by Law for removing such Annoyances, and for enforcing the proper paving and cleansing the said Streets, and keeping such Pavements in sufficient Repair, are ineffectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Severn, at

Mafemoor, near the City of Gloucester; for repairing and making commodious Overs Causeway, leading from the said City, towards Mafemoor aforesaid; for amending and altering the Bridge over another Branch of the

laid

1j* FebruariL

17 Geo. III.

said River Severn, near the West Gate of the said City; and for enforcing the proper paving and cleansing of the several Streets within the said City; and for removing Nuisances and Annoyance^ therefrom, and preventing the like for the future: And that Mr. Barrow, Mr. Selu yn, and Sir William Gu\fe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

.Brent Bridge Mr. Skipwith reported from the Committee, to whom

to the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution koad.* a*1 Act of Parliament of the Thirty-fell Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the High Road leading " from Brent Bridge, in the County of Deion, to Ga/king Gate, in or near the Borough of Plymouth,

" in the said County," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the-45th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied With; and that tfte Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report m his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read;.and is ae followeth; vfc.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. George Woodioard Mallet, Glerk and Treasurer to the Trutiees, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit thereof; and that the Sum of £.6,100 is now owing: That the said Money, together with the Produce of the Tolls, after paying the lute rest, has been laid out in the Repair of the said lioisd; but that the same cannot be paid olf, and the said Road effectually completed and kept in Repair, unless tho Term of the said Act be continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

That the said Act is defective in many respects; that it will be necessary to increase the Tolls, and to have Power to change the Course of the Road, ami also to prevent evading the Payment of the Tolls,

And the Witness added. That it will be impossible to pay oft' tile Money owing, and repair the said Road, during the Term of the present Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-full Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from Brent Bridge, in the County of Devon, to Ga/king Gate, in or near the Borough of Plymouth, in the said County: And that Mr. Skipwith, Sir Charles Hardy, and Mr. Parker, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Leeds An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers thro* of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign

Road^ h's late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of and from thence

in Two Branches (one through Ripley, over Bur age Green, and the other through and

roughbridge) to Ripon, and from thence to the' First Rill of Water or Watercourse on Ilutton Moor, in the County of York, ami for repairing the Sloughs or Rutts on the said Moor; so far as the feme relates to the Road leading from the South Well Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, through Knaresborough, to Boroughbridge, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pase: And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his latie Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds, through Hanooood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, and from thence in Two Branches (one through Ripley, o\ct.Burage Great, and VoL. 36.

the other through KttaHeJbor&ugh and Boroughbridge) to Ripon, and from thence to the First Rill of Water or Watercoufe on Hutton Moor, in the County of York, and for repairing the Sloughs or Rutts on the said Moor; so for as the same relates to the Road leading from the South West Comer of the Inclosures of Habrogate, through Knaresborough, to.

Ordered, That Lord George Catotndr/h do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of TWo Derby Acts, made in the Eleventh and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing Road* -several Roads leading to and from the Toton of Derby, in the County of Derby, ft) fer, as the feme relate to the Road from the said Town of Derby) through Ashborne, to Hurdloe House, in the said County of Derfy; and for enabling the Trusteeato alter Part of the Cottrfe of the present Road between Ashbotne and the New Turnpike, was read a Second Time. !

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cdticndish, Mr. Curxon, Sac.; And they arse to rtieet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s , Chamber.

Sir Thomas Spencer Wiljbn reported from the Com* Uckfield, mittee, to whom the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty King °. George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Union Point, near £

the Town of Uckfield, in the County of Snjjbx, to Langney Bridge, in the Parish of in the fold

County, and for iriore effectually repairing the said Road > and also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from The Side Gate, on the Horse-bridge Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Hellingly, to t h‘e Turnpike Road leading from Crop-in-Hand to Burwajk, in the said County, was re-fcorbmitted; That Hie Coni-m it tee had made several. other Amendments to th'e Bill; which they had directed him to report to tfre House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the BUI, with the Amendments, in At the Clerk's Table: W here the Amendments were OnOe read throughout; and then a Second Time, Ofte by One; and, upon the Question feveraHy put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Ongley reported from’ the Committee, to Bedford, whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Stall Gate Close, at the South West End of the Town of Bedford, to the Town of AmpthiU, and from the said Town of AmpthiU to Woburn , in the County of Bedford; and also the Hoad branching out of the feme in Kemp/ton Field, to the Turnpike Road' leading from Hitckm to the said Town of Bedford, wds committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, end made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to- report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question feveraHy put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hwtgerford reported from the Committee, to Shepstead whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open *nc*0^ure* Fields and Meadows, within the Parish of in the County of Leiujler, and the -Common Ground lying within the Ring Fence of the feme Fields, and adjoining thereto, within the same Parish; and also

several

Leeds

thro*

Harwood

Road.

ftedml

lndofure.

156 ii 0 Februariu ' 1777.

several Closes or Parcels of Land and Ground, called The Carrs, and Michaelmas Grounds, within the said , Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined,' and found that the Standing Orders of the , House, of the 15th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors . of 27 Acres 3 Roods and 25 Perches, who refused to sign the Bill; and also except the Proprietors of about 14 Acres, who were not applied to; and that the "Whole of the Lands and Grounds intended to be in-.jClofed, contain 1,855 Acres 3 Roods and 20 Perches; And that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for enlarging the Term, and Powers, of Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South West Comer of the Inclosures of " Harrogate, and from thence in Two Branches (One through Ripley over Burage Green, and the other t " through Knaresborough and to Ripon,

V and from thence to the First Rill of Water or Watercourse on Hutton Moor, in the County of York, and for repairing the Sloughsor Rutts on the said Moor;" and the other, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, to explainand amend the said first-mentioned Act, with respect to the Road from the Town of Leeds, throifgh Harwood, to the South 4Weft Comer of the Inclosures of Harrogate, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Goodricke, Mr. LafccU.es, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,- at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s '.Chamber.

- Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom . the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Township of Rednal, in the Parish of West Felton, in the County of Salop, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be tme; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of Lands rated to the Land Tax at 7 4 c?. a Year,

who refused to sign the Bill; and the Owner of Land so rated at is. a Year, who could not be found; and . that the Whole of the Lands having Common Right on the said Moors are so rated at £.g. 14 8 d. a Year;

and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Refolped, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Fletcher reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of " the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe," as relates to the Day on which the Annual Election of Directors of the said Company is to be made, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of allowing Lumber to be carried in British Ships, from The Baltic directly to The West India for a limited Time, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

OrdererfpThat the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Se* vemiight, the 19th Day of this Instant resolve

itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of allowing Lumber to be carried, in British Ships to The West India Islands, for a Time to be limited.

A Petition of Robert Gunnell, one of the Committee Clerks of the House of Commons, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, upon his returning to his House from attending his Duty upon this House Yesterday Evening, he found inclosed in a Letter, which came by the Poll, Two Petitions for Private Bills; and the House not being then fitting, made it impossible for him to get the said Petitions presented in due Time: And therefore praying the House to take the said Matter inConsideration, and give Leave that the said Petitions may be now presented.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the Petition now presented to the House, Leave be given to present the Petitions, as desired by the said Robert Gunnel; .

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Lordship or Liberty, and Parish, of Hatheme, in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of about 93 Acres of Land in the said Open and Common Fields, who refused to sign the Bill; and that there are computed to be in the Whole 1,300 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and

made

Bail India Company.

Lumber.

The House

refuse Petitions after the limited Time.

Hatherne

Inclosure.

t7 Geo. III. na — ta6

made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout;

» and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Cattaneo* A Bill for naturalizing Horace Qattaneo, Francis r *? r* Gail dot, was read a Second Time.

Hat Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whit-

worth, Sir Charles Whitzo &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

' And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 120 $

Anno 17* Georgii IIP* Regis, 1777.

Prayers.

Mometh /ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War* "nt* v rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of aBurgefsto serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Morpeth, in the County <jf North amberlaild, in the room of Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of Eafi Hendred, in the County of Berks.

Westergate Sir Thomas Spencer Wiljbn reported from the Com-

Inclosure. mittee to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing an Open Waite, or Common, called Wefiergate in the Parish of Aldingbomein the County of Sussex, was committed, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties Concerned had

g'ven their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the jmmittee (except the Owner of Fourteen Acres of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands belonging to the Proprietors having Right of Common coniift of 732 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Jjeverally put thereupon. Were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Wendover, The Earl Verney reported from the Committee, to tic. whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Road. Three several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, in the County of , so far as the said Acts relate to the Road from the West End of the Town of Wendover to the End of a Lane called Oak Lane, next the Great Road called The Oxford

Vox.. 36.

Februariu 157

Road s and also Half a Mile of Road: next from the River Colne towards Beconsfield, in the said County,

Was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, atld found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House and he read the Report ih his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table *.

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir William Middleton presented to the House, ac- Langley Cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a Inclosure* Common Moor, or Tract or Waste Ground called Lees Fell, otherwise Morralee, and Struiher's Common, and Hagbank, within the Barony or Manor of Langley, and in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, Derby

to whom the Petition of several of the Trusteos for exe- to

cuting so much of the Three several Acts, made in the Eleventh and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his said Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, as relates to the Road leading from Cavendish Bridge, in the said County of Derby, through the Town of Detby aforesaid, to the Town of Brajjfington, in the said Cotinty, and of several Persons who nave advanced Money Upon the Credit of the Tolls arising upon the said Road, Was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been Complied With: and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition: and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table 1 Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read. And,

Mr. Charles Upton, being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Acts in Exe* cution, with respect to the Branch of Road from Cavendish Bridge to Brajfmgton, one of the Districts of Road comprised in the said Acts; and that the Tolls, and a considerable Sum of Money taken up at Interest, have from Time to Time been duly applied in amending and repairing the fame.

Mr. WilLiam Hall, being examined, produced to your Committee an Extract by him taken from the Trustees Books; whereby it appeared, that /. 1,500 is stifl owing on the Credit of the Tolls of the said District.

And,

Mr. Upton, being further examined, said, That the^.

Terms of the said Acts being near expiring, the said District of Road from Cavendish Bridg to Braffington Cannot be completely amended and kept in Repair, nor the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Acts be further continued, with respect to that District; and that the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts have been found in many Respects deficient and ineffectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of Three Acts, made in the Eleventh, Seventeenth, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing several Road9 leading to and from the Town or Derby, in the County

S f of

1

Magdalen

College

(Oxford)

Leafing.

Ludgershall

Inclosure.

Halifax, ice. Small Debts.

i a* Februarii. A. 1777.

of Derby, as relates to the Road leading from the North Side of Cavendish Bridge, in the said County of Derby,

through the said Town of Derby to in the said County, and for malting more effectual Provision for the Repair of the said Road, And that Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Curzon, and Lord Richard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Page reported from the Committee, to Whom the Petition of the Prdlident and Scholars of the College of Saint Mary Magdalen, in the University of Oxford,

was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read', and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Henry Wright, Agent for the College, being examined said. That the Petitioners, in Right of the said College, are seised of certain Pieces of Ground, Messuages, Houses, and Buildings, in Tooley&nd Streets,

in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, irt the County of Surrey, moil of which Buildings have been erected many Years, and are now in a ruinous Condition, so as to be dangerous to Passengers; that the said Ground, Part of which lieth open, and is of very little Value to the College, in its present State, is conveniently situated for building upon; and, if the College were enabled to grant such Leases thereof as would encourage Persons to build upon and improve the Premisses, it would not only be very advantageous to their Estate, but of public Utility and Convenience: And he added, that the College have had Offers for that Purpose, which, if, carried into Execution, would be very beneficial to them.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring ip a Bill to enable the President and Scholars of the College o Mary Magdalen, in the University of Oxford, to grant Building Leases of certain Lands and Tenements, in the Parish of Saint John Southwark, in the County of

Surrey: And that Mr. Page, Sir Roger Newdigate, and Mr. Morton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Grenville presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing, assigning and allotting, the Open and Common Field, and Commonable Land, lying within the Field, Liberties, Territories, and Precincts, of Ludgershall , in the County of Buckingham: And the same was received; and read the Firit lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Goodricke reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of, or Traders within, the several Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, Guiseley, Birfial,

Mirfield, Hartishead aim Clifton, Kirkheaton,

bury, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or

Liberty of Tang, in the West Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Robert Parker, being examined, said. That many very extensive Trades and Manufactures are carried on by Persons residing or dealing within the Parishes, and Lordship or Liberty, in the Petition mentioned, many of whom frequently contract Debts under Forty Shillings, and also Debts of Forty Shillings, and upwards, to Five Pounds, and which Debts amount to a large Sum of Aloney yearly; and that although many of

such Persons are Well able to pay the Debts so con* trafted, yet they often refuse so to do, by reason of the Difficulties their Creditors lie under, in the great Expence they are unavoidably put to, and the Delays they frequently meet with, in filing their Debtors: And the Witness further said. That he apprehends, that if a Bill Was to pass into a Law, for the Recovery of Debts under Forty Shillings, in a summary Way within the Parishes and Lordship or Liberty aforesaid, and for extending the Power of the Courts Baron, within the same* for the Recovery of any Sum or Debt not exceeding Five Pounds, the same would very much contribute to promoteIndustry, support and encourage useful Credit, and be a great Advantage to all Persons living or trading within the said Districts or Places.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Parishes of Half ax, Bradford, Kighley Bingley, Guifely, Calverley Batley, Birf Mir, fie Id, Harti-

fhead am Clifton, Almondbury, Kirkheaton, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York i and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Courts Baron of the Honour of Pontefract, Manor of W> and Manor

of Bingley, in the said County: And that Sir John.

Goodricke and Mr. Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Air. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to Loughbonwgh whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for executing Two Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Seven- RoLisl teenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Loughborough, in the County of Lei* cester, to the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, so far as relates to the Care of the Road from the Town of Loughborough to Cavendish Bridge, in the said County of Leicester; and also of some of the Creditors upon the said District of Road, and of several of the Inhabitants of the said Town of Loughborough, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to -report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth: viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read. And,

Air. John W>atkinson, being examined, said. That the said District of Road has been continued to be amended, to the great Advantage of the Country, whereby a considerable Debt has been contracted on the Credit of the Tolls; which cannot be paid off, and the said Road kept in Repair, unless the Terms of the said Acts are further continued, and the Provisions thereof amended.

And the Witness further said, That the Road from the South East End of Loughborough, through a Lane called Leicester Lane, Part of Woodgate High Gate, by The Market Cross, Swan Street, to the North West End of Loughborough, to a certain Place there, called The Rushes, is, by reason of the great Number of Carriages with great Weights passing thereon, become in a very ruinous State, and cannot be sufficiently amended by the ordinary course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Loughborough, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, so far as the same relate to the Road from Loughborough to Cavendish

Bridge,

Cattaneo’s

and

Gaudot’s

Nat.

Brown’s

Debt

to the Crown.

Ditto.

17 Geo. III.

Bridge; and for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the South East End of Loughborough, aforesaid, through Leicesterfane, Part of High

Gale, and Swan Street, to The Ru/hes, at the North

Weil End of the said Town of: And that

Mr. 11 tiger ford and Mr. Darker do prepare, and bring

in, the lame.

Mr. Amyatt reported from the Committee, to Whom

the Bill for naturalizing Horace Caltaneo and Francis Gaudot, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of John Hardy, William , John

Ter bury, William Francis, John Wigginton, Henry Holland, Phoebe Savidge, and Ann Savidge, on Behalf of themselves, and William Richardson, Robert Porteus, William Powell, John Perkins, Peter Grant, and Ann Jones, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, some of whom had themselves become Sureties to Hi's Majesty, and others who are Representatives of several other Persons, who in their Life-time had become Sureties to His Majesty, for William Brown, late of Tower Street, London, Tobacco Merchant, a Bankrupt, for Duties onTobaccos imported by him and his Partners, offered their Petition to the Hoqfe, on Monday last, for Leave to bring in a Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to compound the Debt due to the Crown from the Petitioners, as Sureties for the said William Brown as aforesaid, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and that, for want of a Copy of the Report from the Commissioners of the Custioms and other Papers from the Treasury Office being annexed, the said Petition was not received; and the Petitioners having since obtained the fame, therefore pray. That they may have Leave to present their said Petition, notwithstanding the Time limited for receiving Petitions for Private Bills is elapsed.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said John Hardy, William Stonehewer, John Terbury, William Francis, John Wigginton, Henry Holland, Phoebe Savidge, and Ann Savidge.

Then a Petition of William Francis and John Wigginton, as well in their own Right, as Executors of the last Will and Testament of Andrew Barlozv, deceased, and of John Yerbury, and of Ann Jones, Administratrix of the Goods, Chattels, Rights, rand Credits, of -phry Jones, deceased, and of John Hardy, hewer, and of Phwbe and Ann Savidge, Executrixes of John Savidge, deceased, and of William Richardson and Henry Holland, on Behalf of themselves, and Robert Porteus, William Powell, John Perkins, wad.Peter Grant,

Administrator of the Goods, Chattels, Rights, and Credits, of Joseph Ruddock, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, on the 17th of January 1772, William Blate of Tower Street, London, Merchant, together with the Petitioner William Francis, as Surety for the said. William Brown, became bound toH is present Majesty in the penal Sum of£. 2,0 7 7, conditioned for the Payment of £.1,038. 17J. at the Time therein limited, being for the Duties, Subsidy, and Impoll, of the Tobaccos therein mentioned; and that, on the 16th of March 1772, the said William Brown, together with the Petitioner William Francis, and George Ru//'ell, as Sureties for the said William Brown, became bound to His present Majesty in the penal Sum of £.2,597, conditioned for Payment of £.1,298. 12 s.2^d. at the Time therein limited, by-

Vo l. 36.

*59

ing for thy Duties, Subsidy, and Impost, of the Tobaccos therein mentioned; and that, on the 28th of March 1772, the said William Brown, together with the Petitioners John Wigginton and the said William Francis, as Sureties for the said William became bound

to H is present Majesty in the penal Sum of £. 1,519, conditioned for Payment of £-759. 16s'. 3 at. the Time therein limited, being for the Duties, Subsidy, and Impost, of the Tobbaccos therein mentioned; and that, on the 13th of August 1772, the said William Brown, together with the said Andrew Barloto, and the Petitioner John Yerbury, as Sureties for the said William Brown, became bound to His present Majesty in the penal Sum of £.3,8x2, conditioned for Payment of £. 1,906. 14s. 11 d. at the Time therein limited, being for the Duties, Subsidy, and Impost, of the Tobaccos therein mentioned; and that, on the 7th of October 1772, the said William Brown, together with the Petitioner John Hardy, and the said Humphry Jones, as Sureties for the said William Brown, became bound to His present Majesty in the penal Sum of £.420, conditioned for Payment of£.210. iijf. 8 Jd. at the Time therein limited, being for the Duties, Subsidy, ana Impost, of the Tobaccos therein mentioned; and that on the 13th of August 1772, the said William Brown, together with the said Andrew Barlow, and the Petitioner John Yerbury, as Sureties for the said William Broion, became bound to His present Majesty in the penal Sum of £. 3,768, conditioned for Payment of £. 1,884. 14^ 6\d. at the Time therein limited, being for the Duties, Subsidy, and Impost, of the Tobaccos therein mentioned; and that, on the7th of 1772,

the said William Brown, together with the Petitioner John

Hardy, and the said Humphry Jones, as Sureties for the said William Brown, became bound to His present Majesty in the penal Sum of £.176, conditioned for Payment of £. 88. o*. 11 d.at the Time therein limited, being for the Duties, Subsidy, and Impost, of the Tobaccos therein mentioned; and that, on the 26th of Septeniber 1772, the said William Brown, together with the said John Savidge, and the Petitioner William Stonehewer, as Sureties for the said William Brown, became bound to His present Majesty in the penal Sum of £.2o,777,conditionedfor Payment of£. 10,388.17 9 at the Time therein limited, being for the Duties, Subsidy, and Impost, of the Tobbaccos therein mentioned; and that, on the 7th of October 1772, the said William Broion, together with the Petitioner John Hardy, and the said Humphry Jones, as Sureties for the said William Brown, became bound to His present Majesty in the penal Sum of £.878, conditioned for Payment of £.439. ns. €>$d. at the Time therein limited, being for the Duties, Subsidy, and Impost, of the Tabaccos therein mentioned; and that, on the 21st of October

1772, the said William Brown, together with the Petitioners William Richardson and Robert Porteus, as -Sureties for the said William Brown, became bound to His present Majesty in the penal Sum of £. 5,661, conditioned for the Payment of £. 2,830. iqs. 5 ajt J the Time therein limited, being for the Duties, Subsidy, and Impost, of the Tobaccos therein mentioned; and that, on the 9th of March 1773., the said William Brown, together with the Petitioners Henry Holland and William Powell, as Sureties for the said William Brown, became bound to His present Majesty in the penal Sum of £.1,680. 1 6s.4 d.conditioned for Payment of £.840. 8s. 3d. at the Time therein limited, being for the Duties, Subsidy, and Impost, of the Tobaccos therein mentioned; and that, on the gth of March

1773, the said William Brown, together with the Petitioners Henry Holland and William Powell, as Sureties for the said William Brown, became bound to His present Majesty in the penal Sum of£.168. 12 2d. conditioned for Payment of £.84. 6s. id. at the Time therein limited, being for the Duties, Subsidy, and Im-polt, of the Tobaccos therein mentioned; and that,

on

r 2* Februarii.

l6o 12* — 13*

On the said gth of March 1773, the said William together with the Petitioners Henry Holland, and Wit-, liam Powell, as Sureties for the said William Brown, be-

came bound to His present Majesty in the penal' Sum of £. 12,240. 9*. conditioned for Payment of £.6,120. 4J. 4 %d.at the Time therein limited, being for the Duties, Subsidy, and Impost, of the Tobaccos therein mentioned; and that, on the 7th of May 1773, ihe laid William Broton, together with the Petitioner Henry Holland and the said Andrew Barlow, as Sureties for the said William Brown, became bound to His present Majesty in the penal Sum of £.8,311, conditioned for Payment of £.4,155. 1 if. 1 at the Time therein limited, being for the Duties, Subsidy, and Impost, of the Tobaccos therein mentioned; and that, on the 12th of June 1773, the said William Brown, together with the Petitioner John Perkins and thie said Joshua Ruddock, as Sureties for the said William Broun, became bound to His present Majesty in the penal Sum of £. 14,025, conditioned for Payment of £.7,012. ior. at the Time therein limited, being for the Duties, Subsidy, and Impost, of the Tobaccos therein mentioned; and that, in July 1773, the said William Brown, and his Partners William Perkins and Thomas Buchannan, stopt Payment, whereupon the said William Brown, who had been the chief acting Partner in London, left this Kingdom, and went to America; soon after which, a Commission of Bankrupt issued against the said William Brown and his Partner William Perkitis, as Partners with Buchannan; and that

several of the Petitioners, on such the Failure of the said William Brown, by their Diligence and Afiiduity, aided by several Extents iffoed against the said William. Brown, at the Petitioners Instance, protected a considerable Part of his Estate and Effects against the said Com-itiiflion of Bankrupt that had been issued against the said William Brown and his said Partner; and the several Sums of Money arising by the Sale of the Estate and Effects of the said William Brown, so seized by virtue of such Extents, have been paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of His Majesty’s Customs on such Bonds refye&ively on which the said several Extents were issued, and the said several Seizures made; and several of the Petitioners, at whose Instance several Extents were issued, who could not reap any Benefit irom their said Extents by reason the same were sued out too late, and several others who did not sue out any Extents, have paid into the Hands of the said Receiver several Sums of Money, by Way of Deposit on the several Bonds in which they became bound as Sureties as aforesaid, which said several Sums, so recovered and so deposited as aforesaid, amount together to the Sum of£. 14,866. is. 4 or thereabouts, as the Petitioners compute the fame, exclusive of a Debenture of £.25. is. io^d. due in respect of One of such Bonds; and that the said William Francis, Henry Holland, John Perkins, and Joshua Ruddock, William Stonehewcr, and Phabe and Ann Savidge, have id, and are liable to pay, several large Sums of oney, in and about the recovering the Estate and Effects of the said William Brown, so taken and seized under the said several Extents as aforesaid, independent of their own Loss of Time and Trouble; and that, after deducting the Monies so recovered and deposited as aforesaid, there Hill remain of the said Crown Debt several Sums of Money, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of £.24,168. ior. g^d. or thereabouts, exclusive of Interest, as the Petitioners are informed; and that the Estate and Effects of the said William Brown not taken under the several Extents aforesaid are all in North America, and, by reason of the unhappy rebellion there, cannot be got at; ind that the Misfortunes the Petitioners labour under, as Sureties for the said William Brown, are much increased by their being Creditors of the said William Broton and h>s Partners for very considerable

Februarii. A. 1777.

Sums of Money, to the Amount, in the Whole, of the Sum of £^0,000; and although many of the Petitioners have proved their said several Debts, under the said Commission of Bankrupt awarded against the fa\dWilliam Brownand his Partners as aforesaid, yet there is not the lealt Reason to expect that any Money will ever be reebvered, by the Assignees chosen under such Commission, sufficient to make the smallest Dividend among the Creditors of such Bankrupts respectively; and, was the Whole of the said several Debts so due to the Crown as aforesaid required to be satisfied by the Petitioners, it blight end in the utter Ruin of many of them, and which Can be only averted by permitting the Petitioners to compound for the said Debt of the said William Brown, so far as concerns the Petitioners; and, in regard the Petitioners are all People in Trade, by which Means only they maintain themselves and Families, Therefore praying, That I^eave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to ' compound with the Petitioners, in such Manner, and on such Terms, as under the Circumstances of the Cafe, their Lordships shall think reasonable, for the Money so remaining due and unsatisfied on the several Bonds so entered into by the Petitioners respectively as aforesaid; and that the Petitioners and their several Estates may be exonerated and discharged from ail Demands of the Crown, in respect of the said several Bonds, and that such several Bonds may, as to the Petitioners, be cancelled; and that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Preuiifes as to the House shall seem meet and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Wa*»

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Me*nl* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for . raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis> 130 die Februarii;

Anno 170 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1777.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Shep(be*d Open Fields and Meadows, within the Parish of Inclosure. Shepshead, in the County of Leicester and the Common Ground lying within the Ring Fence of the same Fields, and adjoining thereto, within the same Parish; and also several Closes or Parcels of Land and Ground called The Carrs and Michaelmas within the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Meadows, within the Parish of in the County of Leicester, and the Common Ground lying within the Ring Fence of the same Fields; and adjoining thereto, within the same Parish; and also several Closes or Parcels of Land and Ground called The Carrs and Michaelmas Grounds, within the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An

17 Geo. III. 13 0 Februarii.161

batherne An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open

iuciofure. jTjei(|s> Meadows, Failures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Lordship or Liberty and Parish of Hatherne, in the County of ,was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastureq. Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Lordship dr Liberty and Parish of Hathcrile, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Wapping Mr. Bytig reported from the Committee, to whom Sweet*. the Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants oh the several Parishes of Saint George and Saint John of Wapping, in the County of and also, the

Petition of several Owners of Houses and Inhabitants of Princes Square, in the Parish of Saint , -

sex, were severally referred; That the Committee had . examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition, Mr. Griffith Williams laid. That a very extensive Trade is carried on in the said Parishes, particularly in Wapping Street, which is very narrow, and liable to be obstructed by Carriages, being near a Mile in Length, and there being no Way into the same but at the Ends thereof; — that the Communication between Ratcliffe Highzcay and the said Street is exceedingly incommodious; and it would be a great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Parishes, and to Trade in general, if proper Communications were opened from napping Street to Rat Highway, between Old Gravel Lane and Little Hermitage Street, by widening . the South Well End of Bird Street, and by building a new Street from Bird Street across certain Fields to John's Hill, and another new Street from Wapping Street aforesaid through Globe Yard, through Gardens, and across certain Ground to Hill,

and another new Street from Old Gravel Lane through Johnson’s Street, and across certain Fields to Virginia Street, in the said Parish of Saint George.

And the Witness added. That in order to accomplish the fame, it will be necessary to take down some Houses, and other Buildings, in Yard, and also

in Bird Street, which the Proprietors of the said Houses and Buildings have oonfonted to.

And the Witness further said, That Hermitage Street, Sampson's Gardens, Artichoak Lane, Virginia Street, Pennington Street, John's Hill, Artichoak Hill, and Bird Street, together with the Footway of Caiuwn Street, and the Pafl’ages leading into the said Streets, are very badly paved, and incommoded by Annoyances and Incroachments; and that the Opening the said new Streets, and making Provisions for paving the fame, and the other Streets and Places before-mentioned, and for removing all Incroachments and Annoyances therein, would be beneficial to the Inhabitants of the said Parishes, and be of public Utility.

In Support of the Second-mentioned Petition, Mr William Hondo, being examined, laid, That Princes Square, with the Avenues leading thereto from Highway, are very ill paved, and incommoded by Polls and other Annoyances and Incroachments, and that it would be very convenient to the Inhabitants of the said Square, and the Avenues leading thereto, if the same were properly paved, and such Annoyances and Incroachments removed.

Mr John Hopkins and Mr. John confirmed

the Whole of the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Vo;.. 36.

opening Communications from Wapping Street to Ratcliff e Highway, by widening the South Well End of Bird Street, and by building a new Street from Bird Street, across certain Fields or Gardens, to John's Hill, in Ratcliffe Highway aforesaid; and another new Street,

from Wapping Street, aforesaid, through Globe Yard,

Sampson's Gardens, and from thence to Artichoak Hill, in Ratcliffe Highway aforesaid; and another neyv Street, from Old Gravel Lane, through Johifon's Street, and from thence to Virginia Street; and for paving the said intended Streets, and also Hermitage Street, Sampson's Gardens, Artichoak Lane, Virginia Street, Pennington Street, John's Hill, Artichoak Hill, Bird Street, Princes Square, and the several Lanes, Avenues, and Passages, leading into the said Streets and Square, and the Footway in Camum Street, all in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Middlesex;and for removing and preventing all Annoyances and Incroachments therein:

And that Mr. Byng, Mr. Skipwith, and Mr. Alderman Wilkes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ail ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of for veiling the several Rectories, Parsonages, Churches, Manchester’* and Chapels of Rockburne, Beeamore, South Charford, ""ates* Hale, Whitfimry, and 3uidefley, with the Glebe Lands,

Tythes, and other Appurtenances, thereto respectively belonging. Part of the settled Ellate of the most noble George Duke of Manchester, in Trustees, upon certain v Trulls therein expressed; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments of the said Duke, in lieu thereof, to the several Uses therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Aguiton’s for naturalizing William Aguiton, was read the First Nat. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wollafion preferred to the House, according to Syfion Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Iuclofi^v, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, in the Parish of Sufion, in the County of and

several Parcels of Uninclosed Land, in the Parish of , Barkby, in the said County of Leicester, lying within the Ring of the said Fields: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. James Worfiey reported from the Committee, to Fame*’ whom the Bill to enable John Lames, a Minor, and his Name. Blue, to take and use the Surname of Waight, pursuant to the Will of John Waight, Esquire, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to b$ true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, Tlxat the Bill be ingrossed.

General Honywood reported from the Committee, to King*

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Meabora and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Lordship of Inclosur«-Kings Meabum, in the Parish of Moreland, in thp

County of Westmoreland, was committed;. That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the l louse; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

T t Amendments,

16a 130 Februarii. 1777.

Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Bedford, An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road *c. from Stall Gate Clo/e, at the South West End of the Road. Town of Becford, to the Town of Ampthill, and from the said Town of Ampthill to Woburn , in the County of Bedford; and also the Road branching out of the fame, in Kempjon , to the Turnpike Road leading from Hitchin to the said Town of Bedford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Stall Gate Clo/e, at the South West End of the Town of Bedford, to the Town of Ampthill, and from the said Town of Ampthill to Woburn Park, in the County of Bedford', and also the Road branching out of the same in Kempfion Field, to the Turnpike Road leading from

Hitchin to the said Town of Bedford.

Ordered, That1 the Lord do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Gratwwy, Major Laurie presented to the House, according to &c. Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Road. Grateney to Moffat, and thence to the Confines of the County of Dumfries, with the Counties of Peebles and Lanark, and the Road from Dumfries to Moffat; and also the Road from Annan to Langholm; and for converting the Statute Labour within the said County of Dumfries into Money, and for applying the same towards repairing the Highways within the same County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Birmingham Mr. Skipwith reported from the Committee, to whom ’*'t*trt* the Petition of Richard Yates, Gentleman, and also the Petition of many of the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the first-mentioned Petition, and had considered the last mentioned Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. Thomas Falco being examined, said.

That Birmingham is a large and populous Town; that a great many Persons of considerable Property reside there, and in the Neighbourhood thereof, who are desirous of having a Theatre established in the said Town, under proper Regulations.

The Witness also said. That a commodious Building has been erected by Subscription within the said Town, for the Purpose of performing Plays, and other En-

tertainments, of the Stage; and that Mr. Yates has, at a very great Expence, fitted up the said Building, and provided all Things necessary for the Performing of such Entertainments.

And the Witness added. That when the said Theatre is established, it will be of Advantage to the said Town.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling His Majesty to licence a Playhouse in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warrvick .* And that Mr. Skipwith and Sir Henry Bridgeman do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven: And the same was re-cei ved; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Goodricke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Skipton, to the Turnpike Road leading from Leeds to Ripon, near Okbeck, in the Township of Bilton with Harrogate, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Goodricke presented to the House, according to Order a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of finall Debts, within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, Guiseley, Batley,

Birjtall, Mirfield, Hartishead cum Clifton,

Kirkheaton, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York', and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Courts Baron of the Honour of PomtefraSt, Manor of Wakefield, and Manor of Bingley, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Distribution of /. 070,000, Part of the Sum of £.1,000,000, granted to His Majesty, to defray any extraordinary Expences incurred, or to be incurred, on Account of Military Services, for the Year 1776.

The Lord Barrington, also presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of Extraordinary Services incurred, and paid by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Pay-master General of His Majesty’s Forces, between the 31st of January 1776 and the ill of February 1777, and not provided for by Parliament.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

An

Militia Pay and Cloathing.

Skipton

Road.

Halifax Small Debts*

Accounts presented; Army.

7 Geo. III.

11* Febnidrii. 163

d j. .;

An ACCOUNT of the DiAribution of £. 970,000, Part of the Sum of £.1,000,000, granted to His Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences incurred, or to be incurred, on Account of Military Serried

for the Year 1776.

Dates of Warranu.

1776-£& 19 th-

March nth.

15th. 14th.

»7th-April 26th.

30th. June 7th. 17th.

July 17th. Aug. 17th. Sept. 25th. Now. 18th.

1776. May 31st.

Aug.

Sept.

Nov.

ift. 15th. 25th.

21.

June 28th.

July nth.

Aug. ill.

Sept. 25th.

oa. 16 th.

To Thef Harley and Henry Drummond, Esqrs. to be by than applied and invested in the purchasing Spanish and Portugal Coins for the Use and Service of His Majesty’s Forces in North America -To Ditto for Ditto Service - - -. - -

To Ditto for Ditto Service....

To Ditto for Ditto Service - -

To Ditto for Ditto Service - - - - -

To Ditto for Ditto Service -

To Ditto for Ditto Service - -

To Ditto for Ditto Service - "

To Ditto for Ditto Service ——

To Ditto for Ditto Service -

To Ditto for Ditto Service - - '

To Ditto for Ditto Service - -

To Ditto for Ditto Service ——

To Ditto for Ditto Service - - - - .

To Ditto for Ditto Service - - - - ‘ - ‘ -

To Ditto for Ditto Service - - - - *

To Ditto for Ditto Service - -

To Ditto for Ditto Service -

To Ditto for Ditto Service -

To Messrs. William James, Abel Smith, William Barnes, and Richard Atkin-son, Esqrs. for Provisions delivered into His Majesty’s Stores at Corke,

for the Use of the Forces serving in America - £. 10,335----

To Ditto for Ditto Service ---- 14,594 6 10

To Ditto for Ditto Service - - - - 26,871 4 4

To Ditto for Ditto Service ---- 31,412 8 4

To Ditto for Ditto Service ---- 21,605 12 2

To Ditto for Ditto Service ---- 21,605 12 2

«77&

May 15th

To John Henniker, Edward Wheler, WiUm Devaynes, and George Wtmb-well, Esqrs. for Provisions delivered into His Majesty’s Stores at Corke, for the Use of the Troops serving under General Sir Will* Howe, in America ---- £. 13,719 12 9

To Ditto for Ditto Service -To Ditto for Ditto Service *-To Ditto for Ditto Service -To Ditto for Ditto Service -To Ditto for Ditto Service -To Ditto in Part of a Warrant for £. 14,686. 3. Ditto Service -

1. for

3»°54

15,226

7,019

29,489

24,140

10

*7

2

16

6

5

11

10

5

951 16 11

£. d.

20.000 — —

20.000 — - —

20.000 -

20.000 -

20.000 -

60.000 -

50.000 -

120,000 — ---

31,220 18 II

10,804----

150,000----

50.000 -

17,194 18 6

53,982 13 9

15.000 — —

50.000 — — -

16,623 11 4

13,282 15 n 11,865----

749*973 *8 5

116,424 3 10

93,601 17 9

970,000 —

War Office,

13th February 1777.

Barrington.

Voy1.36.

An

164

130 Februarii.

A. 1777.

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Services incurred, aftd paid by the Right honourable Richard Rigby Paymaster General of His Majestyls Forces, between the 31st of January 1776, and the ift of February in']* and not provided for by Parliament.

Dates of Warrants.

1777* „

Jan. 16.

I9'

03. 16.

Nov. May 15.

July 11. Aug. 1. Sept. 25. Nov. ii. June 26.

July it.

Aug. 1. Sept. 25. Nov.

1776' o June 28.

July

Aug.

Sept. 25. June 28.

July it.

Sept. 25. Nov. 21. Apr. 26.

May 15.

To Thomas Harley and Henry Drummond, Esquires, to be by them applied and invfcfted in the purchasing Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty’s Forces in North America - 20,000 — —

To Ditto, for the Service of the Forces m Ditto - - 30,000----

To John Henniker, Edward Wheler, William Devaynes, and Geo. tvell, Esquires, in full of a Warrant for £. 14,686. 3$. id. for Pro-Visions delivered into His Majesty’s Storehouses at Corke, for the Use of the Troops serving under General Sir William Howe, in America - -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service -To Ditto, for Ditto Service - -

To John Amy and, Esquire, for Provisions delivered into His Majesty’s Storehouses at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving under General Sir Wm Howe, in America -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service - -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service - -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service - - - - " -

To John Durand, Esquire, for Provisions delivered into His Majesty’s Storehouses at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving under General Sir William Howe, in America -To Ditto, for Ditto Service -Tb Ditto, for Ditto Service -To Ditto, for Ditto Service -To Ditto, for Ditto Service -To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To Robert Moyne, Esquire, for Provisions delivered into His Majesty's Stores at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving under General Sir William Howe, in America -To Ditto, for Ditto Service -To Ditto, for Ditto Service -To Ditto, for Ditto Service -To Ditto, for Ditto Service -To Ditto, for Ditto Service -To Ditto, for Ditto Service -To Ditto, for Ditto Service -To Ditto, for Ditto Service -To Ditto, for Ditto Service -To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To Ant* Bacon, Esquire; for Provisions delivered into His Majesty’s Storehouses at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving in America, under General Sir William Howe -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service -To Ditto, for Ditto Service -Tb Ditto, for Ditto Service -To Ditto, for Ditto Service -To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To Arnold Nesbitt, Adam Drummond, and Moses Franks,

Esquires, for Provisions exported from Corke to America, for the Use of the Troops serving the re under General Sir William Hovoe -To Ditto, for Ditto* Service -To Ditto, for Ditto Service -To Ditto, for Ditto Service -To Ditto, for Ditto Service -To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

13.734 6 2

3,573 ,7 1

1,772 17 5

3,151 *5 6

4,233 10 7

8,464 *7 n|

10,650 4 11

2,686 5 8

3,537 6 3

3,694 5 7*

274 4 4

3,656 4 6{

",396 8 r

5,679 2 9

3,807 8 4

3,968 9 11*

4,684 10 3*

3,656 4 61

3,656 4 6

3,34i 8 if

3»4 16 5

4,684 10 3

i,37i 16 8

379 3 4

680 4 6

3.537 6 274 4

3.694 5 3.656 4 11,580 3

7,649 14

1

4*

7*

6*

1

z

16,905

16,807

7»3i*

11.542

5,026

3.732

7

ti

M

l5r

7*

1

1

8

IN

Si

3

50,000 — —

To

17 Geo. III.

13° Febru

165

Dates of Warrant

1776. lilalj I

June 26.

July ii-

Sept- 25.

Nov. 1.

6.

22.

J!/<zr. 14. Z?cr. 6.

1777*,

ib.

29-

1776. jFVC. 22.

A/ay 3-7z/nc 28.

Styf- 25.

.Vor, 21.

J 777-7<z/i. 16.

’7J6-

/«>. 10.

To Arnold Ncfhitt, Adam Drum and Franks,

Esquires, for Provisions exported from Corke to America, for the L'fe- of the Troops serving the re under General Sir William Howe -

To Ditto, for Ditto delivered into I Iis Majesty’s Stores at Con'ic, for the L’fe of Ditto -To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To 1'it to, for Ditto Service -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To Ditto, for victualling the Forces in the Province of Majpaeh: Jet's Bay, between 25 August 1775 and 24 0(l«l>cr following -

To'Ditto, for victualling the Forces, and other Persons, within the Garrisons of Quebec and between

23 June 1775 and 24 October following - -

To Ditto, for victualling the Forces within the Province of Maffaclhtjet'sBay, between 25 October and 24 December 1775 - -

To Ditto, for Provisions delivered from the Magazines at Montreal, between 14 October and 10 November

'115..... - -

To Ditto, for victualling the Forces in the Province of M Jjachuj’el's Bay, between 25 December 1775 and 23

February 1776 -

To Ditto, for victualling D# in D", between 24 February and 24 March 177b -

To Dit'o, for victualling the Garrison of Quebec, between 2;-, October 1775 and 24 June 1776 -

To Ditto, for Provisions depositecl in the Illinois Country, between 21 December 1774 and 20 December 1775 To Ditto, for D* delivered to the Commissary of Stores and Provisions, for the Use of the Forces in North America -

To Ditto, for D* delivered at Halifax, for the Use of the Forces there -

To Ditto, for D° Service -

To Ditto, for victualling some of the Forces, being Pri-lbners among the Rebels, in the Provinces of vaniaand Ncio Jersey, from 19 November 1774 to 29 October 1776 -

To Richard Vernon Sadlier, Esquire, for Provisions issued to the Forces at Halifax in Nova Scotia, between 21 Aui'ujt 1775 and 10 December following -To Ditto, upon Account, and by way of further Ad- vance, in Consideration of his extraordinary Disbursements, on Account of his Contract for victualling 500 Men at Halifax, in the Colony of Nova Scctia -To Ditto, for Provisions issued to the Forces at Halifax, in Nova Scotia, between 11 December 1775 and 28 April 1776, inclusive -

To Ditto, for Provisions issued to D° at D°, between 29 April and 23 June 1776 -

To Ditto, for Provisions issued to D° at D°, between 24 June and 16 September 1776....

Apr. 18.

To Ditto, for Provisions issued to D° at D°, between September and 11 November 1776

*7

10 O q CO ui

9,408 14 47,026 9 8

9,791 16 20,087 1 11 5

12,113 5 1

3>9S5 1* 11

2,286 18 5

7,069 12 7i

<£> O CO 8

CO CD) O *- 5

6,172 14 5

9>833 *7 4

1,877 2 11

CO CO 0^ 11

5>I23 7 8

221 7 9

4>523 2

1,039 19 9

1,500

2,104

545

G372

*3 —

5 4

774 16 8

To John Stephenson, Esquire, for victualling the Forces at

Placentia, between ift October 1774 and 2d September 1775, inclusive -

To Ditto, for Provisions flopped from Halifax, for the L ie of the Troops at Bojion- - - - -To Ditto, for Provisions issued to the Troops and Train of Artillery at Newfoundland, from ift October 1774 to 30 September 1775 -

To Ditto, for victualling the Forces in Nova Scotia and Newfoundland, between 1 October 1775 and 24 January 177b, inclusive -

39s

1,410 1

6

6

633

658

13 —

Vm.. &

U u

To

i 66 130 Februarii.

Date* of Warrant*.

1776-

Aug. j.

23-

Sep/. 25.

»777-

7<th. i 6.

*776-

c6. 19.

FV/i. 10.

June 26. 28.

Aug. 1.

*777*

7a«. 16.

1776. April 3.

0,7. 16.

‘777-

ya/i. 29.

To Slephenfon, Esquire, for Provisions issued to

the Forces at Halifax, between x6 January and 8 May 177 6

To Ditto, upon Account, and by way of Advance, in Consideration of his extraordinary Disbursements, on Account of his Contract for victualling 1,500 Men in the Colony of Nova Scotia -To Ditto, on Account of Ditto -

To Ditto, for Provisions delivered to the Troops at Halifax, between June and 9 September 1776, inclusive -To Ditto, for Provisions issued to the Troops at D*, between 9 September and 5th November 1776 To Ditto, for Provisions issued to the Troops at Placentia and St. John's, between 3 September 1775 and 25 November 1776 -

To Christopher Bethell, Esquire, Executor to Edward Codrington, Esquire, for Persons victualled, Provisions condemned and issued, and Losses sustained, in West Florida -

To John Stephenson and John Blackburn, Esquires, for Provisions issued to the Forces in Pensacola, between 25 June and 24 August 1775 - -

To Ditto, for victualling the Forces in West Florida, between 25 August and 24 October 1775 -

To Ditto, for victualling the Forces in West Florida, between 2 5 October 1775 and 23 February 1776, for Provisions supplied I. Lorimer, Hospital Surgeon, between 25 December 1774 and 24 December 1775, and for Provisions condemned -

To Ditto, for Provisions issued to the Forces in West

rida, between ift April 1775 and 24 April 1776, and for Provisions condoned by long keeping

To Ditto, for Provisions issued to the Forces in D°, be* tween 25 April and 24 June 1776, and for Provisions damaged by long keeping -

To Witter Cuming and Render Mason, Esquires, for Provisions issued to the Forces in St. August me, between 25 April and 25 October 1775, for Provisions issued to

the Out Posts, dependant on that Garrison, from 5th May to 21 October 1775, and for Provisions issued to the Out Ports dependant on New Providence, between 22d September 1774 and 24 February 1775 To Ditto, for Provisions issued to the Forces in the Garrison of St. Augustine, between 25 October 1775 and 23d February 1776, and for Provisions condemned -

To Messrs. Mason and Jones, for Provisions issued to the Forces in the Garrison of St. between 25 June

and 24 October 1776, and for Provisions issued to the Out Ports dependant on that Garrison, for the same Time -

1,913 17 11

10,000----

4,000 — —

2,797 4 6

2>553 9 — .

554 17 11

5>s54 7 5

S11 18 8

806 5 10

0

1,868 19 9

1,213 r4 3

1,761 6 4

1,791 18 gl 1,012 8 5

3,35° 16 9

A. 1777-

April 3.

18.

404,856 13 2i

Towards, the Expence of Provisions delivered to 34 Battalions of Foot in North America, Nova Scotia, and Newfoundland, Sc. apply the Sum voted upon Estimate 1776, for that Service - 43»I3I *6 3

Also the Sum Hopped for Provisions delivered to the said Battalions, between 25 June 1775 and 24 June 1776 - 29,546 8 6

-------- 72,678 4 9

To Messrs Mure, Son, and Atkinson, in full Satisfaction for Freight and Charges incurred on sundry Ships freighted by them to attend the Expedition under Earl Cornwallis - - 2,08895

To John Dickson, for Freight of sundry Ships freighted

by him, and dispatched to Canada - - - - 805 7 —

332,17S

8

51

To

17 Geo. III. 13

Dates of Warrants.

1776.

4-

18.

Aug. 2.

*7-

0<3. 19.

>777-Ja/i. 22.

*776. -/>' 3.

0(7. 29. Ofc. 12.

il/tly 1.

3i-Zhr. 10.

Apr. 18.

Dec. 12.

Voi

To Richard Atkinson, for the Freight* Armament, Pro- £. -f. d.

visions for Soldiers, of sundry Ships freighted, armed, and dispatched with Provisions for the Forces in North America - -- 3,296 9 3

To Ditto, for Freight of sundry Ships dispatched with Provisions to attend the Expedition under the Command of Earl Cor me all is ..... 1,442 3 6

To Ditto, for 2 Months advanced Freight of sundry Ships freighted to carry Provisions for the Use of the Forces in America ..... 10,798 7 6

To Ditto, for 2 Months advanced D° for D* - - - 6,609 19 4

To Ditto, for 2 Months advanced D® for D® - - 7,103 5 —

To MeflTrs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson, for 2 Months advanced D° for I)° - 9,905 16 5

To Ditto, for 2 Months advanced D® for D® - 3,741 5 —

To Ditto, for 2 Months advanced D° for D° - 4,784 3 9

To John Greeve. Mailer of the Ship for the

Freight of the said Ship, chartered to bring Home Invalids from America ..... 165 17 —

To MeflTrs. Mure, Son, and Atkinfon5 for the Freight of

sundry Ships hired and armed to transport Provisions to America, for the Use of the Forces there - - - 14,667 2 8

To Ditto, for the Freight of sundry D® freighted to carry

Oats to America, for the Use of the Forces there - - 3,544 19 4

To Ditto, for advanced Freight of sundry I)° freighted to carry Stores, Camp Equipage, and Clothing, for the Use of the Forces there ----- 6,558 14 4

To Ditto, for Freight of D° freighted to carry Provisions to Quebec ..... 936 19 —

To Ditto, for Freight of sundry D°, freighted by them to attend the Expedition under the Command of Earl

Cornu allis - - 1,442 3 6

To Ditto, for Freight of sundry D° employed in carrying Provisions to America, for the Use of the Troops there - - -- -- - 26,314 17 6

To Ditto, for Ditto Service - - - - -> 10,159 4 9

To Ditto, for Freight of sundry Ditto to carry Oats to

Ditto ----- 8,055 4 4

To MeflTrs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson, in full Satisfaction and Discharge of

the like Sum due to them, for sundry Stores shipped for Corke and America, 011 the Expedition under the Command of Earl Cornwallis - - - ->- - - - 4,183 6 6

To Ditto, for sundry Stores shipped for the Use of the

Forces in Canada ..... 26,919 5 —

To Ditto, for sundry Stores shipped by them, for the Service of the Army in North America - 9»559 10 10

To Ditto, for Coals, Sour Krout, Clothing, and sundry other

Stores shipped for the Service of D° in D® - - - 8,574 1 9

To Richard Atkinson, Esquire, for Iron Ware shipped for Canada ..... 807 6 9

To Ditto, for Provisions supplied to Recruits on their PatVage to America, by Order of the Lords of the

Treasury.....- - - 8,488 5 —

To Ditto, for Oats shipped for the Service of the Forces in North America ..... 32,647 18 6

To Ditto, for sundry Stores sent to North America, for the

Service of Ditto - 6,478 14 10

To Ditto, for Ditto Service ---- 6,289 10 —

To Henry Callender, in full Satisfaction for sundry Stores consigned to the Quarter Matter General of the Forces in Canada - - 3,126 3 1

To Thomas Burchett, in full Satisfaction for the Expence of Accommodation, and Provisions, for 54 Soldiers embarked 011 Board the Ship Queen, for

Canada ..... 294 2 3

To John Dalston, for Stores shipped for Canada, for the Use

of the Army there ----- 1,347 5 1

To John Dalston, for Barrack Furniture, and sundry other Stores, shipped

for the Se rv ice of the Forces in North America - - 4,938 — 10

To Ditto, for Ditto Service ---- 1,922 12 3

167

£ ' *

122,420 8 2

103,948 9 *

4,767 10 5

To

168

13° Ftbrusrii.

Datrs of Warrants.

1776.

Dec. 12. To John Dickson, for Barrack Furniture, and sundry other £. f. d. Stores, shipped for the Service of the Forces in At

America ..... 14,796 iS 5

To Ditto, for Ditto Service - - - 5,761 3 4

Apr. 18. To John Williams, for the Expences of arming sundry Ships dispatched to.

Canada ..... 1,159 J6 4

July 4. To Edward Johnson, for Cannon, Gunpowder, Water

Calks, and Bedding, flapped for Cor lx, for the Armament of Slrips employed in carrying Provisions to America, and for the Accommodation of Soldiers therein - -- 9,298 16 9

July 4. To John Dalston, for the Cod, and Outfit of Six armed

Vessels dispatched to Canada ----- 13,856 1 10

Aug. 2. To Edward Johnson, for Cannon and Gunpowder supplied

lor the Armament of Ships employed in carrying Provisions to America ----- 6,689 11 7

To Roderick Mackenzie, for the Armament of sundry Ships to carry Provisions to America, and for furnishing Provisions lor Soldiers taken on Board the said Ships - 5>325 15 2

Ocl.29. To MefTrs. Mure, Son, and Alkinffor the Armament , of several Ships employed to carry Provisions from

for the Ufa of the Forces in America, and for Provisions for Soldiers on Board the said Ships - 5*019 14 9

To Ditto, for Cannon, Gunpowder, and Water Calks, shipped for Corke, to be there applied for the Armament of Ships employed in carrying Jkovisions to America, and to the Accommodation of Soldiers therein - - 5,901 18 8

May 1.

Aug.jy.

Dec. 12.

'111-Jan. 17.

1776. June 27.

Aug. 7.

8.

n-

To John Dickson, for the Loss of the Ship Swift, burnt at Sea, and for the Cargo and Outfit of the Ship Elizabeth, dispatched to Canada in lier room - 5,415 1 4

To MefTrs. Wooldridge and Kelly, towards satisfying the m

for the Value of the Cargo of the Ship Molly, detained

in Virginia - - - - - - 3,000----

To MefTrs. Dunlop and Wilson, for the Hire and Value of the Sloop Edward, taken by the Rebels, and for the Hire of the Sloop Fincastle, imprelTed into His Majesty’s Service - - 928 18 1

To MefTrs. Eilbeck, Chambrd, Ross, and C°, for t he Hire of the Ship Dunmore, impress'ed into His Majesty’s Service at Virginia, from 22d August 1775 to 15 1776..... - - - 2,121 15 2

To Peter Perchmd, Merchant, for the Hire of the Snow Friends, employed in the King’s Service, from 17th Navembei- 1775 to 4th November 1776 - - - 1,327 18 9$

To Messrs. Cope and Bignell, for fuudry Stores supplied from the Ship Levant, in Virginia, for the Service of that Colony - - - - 111136

To Alexander Watson, Merchant, for the Use of Nath1 Wraxhall, for Rice destroyed at Savannah, iu Georgia, by Order of Captain Barkley and Major Grant - - 869 15 6

To Messrs. Coicper and Telfair, Merchants, for the Value,

Comm iflion, Insurance, and-Brokerage, of a Quantity of

Rice destroyed at Ditto, by Order of Ditto - - 1,868 i-----

To John Rae, Merchant, for the Value, Freight, Sic. of 95 f

Barrels of Rice, shipped at Savannah^ in Georgia, for the Use of the Forces in North America - - - - 486 6 6

To Alexander Wat fan, Merchaut, for the Use of John

Alexander, Mailer and Owner of the Brigantine for the Freight of 375 Barrels of Rice destroyed at D°, or taken from thence, for the Use of the Forces in

Ditto ..... 49 9 —

To John Nutt, Merchant, for 165 Barrels of Rice, shipped at D% for the Use of the Forces in Ditto - 822 — — >

To Sir James Wright, Baronet, for the Value and Freight of 5321 Barrels of Rice, shipped for the Service of the Forces in Ditto, or destroyed at Ditto ... 2,564 8 6

J. 1777.

£ s- d.

27,418 14 1-0

47»act *5 1

12,905 6 tof

To

17 Geo. III. 13* Februarii.

Dates of Warrants.

t 777*

jfan. 17. To MeflTrs. Graham, Johnson, and C®, for the Value, Freight, and other Charges, of 25 Barrels of Rice, taken in

Georgia, for the Use of the Troops - - - 130 — 2

To the Executors of Benjn Stead, Merchant* in full for the Value, Freight, and all other Charges, of 69 Barrels of Rice, taken in Ditto, for the Use of the Troops - - 346 19 6

1776. ——

Apr. 18. To John Lanehom, in full Satisfaction for Horses provided by him for Service in North America - - - - -. 9,987 12 — *

Aug. 2.To Rich* Atkinson, Esquire, for 247 Horses received from several Regiments of Dragoons, and shipped for North America - -- 4,149 —

17. To Messrs. Longhorn and Ibbetson, for the Expence of

keeping Horses till shipped off sundry Necessaries shipped with them, and for 62 Horses purchased for the Service of the Army in North America - 8,283" 1 7

Apr. 3. To Messrs. Walter Humphry's and Henry Darby, Merchants, in full Satisfaction for the like Sum due to them for 3,000 Pair of Blankets, provided -for the Service of the Army in America - - - 1,784 16 —

May 1. To Geo. Field, for Blankets delivered to the Agents of sundry Regiments, by Order of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury ---- - 9,721 15 4

June 1. To That Harley, Esquire for sundry Blankets and Watch Coats provided by him for the Use of the Army in North America - 6,400 511

08. 29. To Messrs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson, for Blankets supplied

for the Regiment of Waldecki and for Shoes and Stockings supplied to the lft Division of the Troops

on their Embarkation at Portsmouth - - - - 6^4 4 —

OB. 19. To Rich* Atkinson, Esquire, for Rum delivered in America for the Use of the Forces there - -- -- - 27,164 4 4

*777-

Jan.22. To Ditto, for Ditto Service - - - - , 6,616 6 4

1776.

Dec. 18. To Sir Jet Cockbum, Baronet, for 40,296 Gallons of Gre

nada Rum, delivered for the Use of the Forces on Service

in America - 8,059 4 —

1777-

Jan. 16. To Jtt Bogle French, Esquire, for 48,680 Gallons of Grenada Rum, delivered for the Use of D° Forces - - 9,73b — —

To John Blackburn, Esquire, for 22,970 Gallons of Rum,

delivered for the Use of D® Forces - 3,445 10 —

To Thct Burfoot, Esquire, to be applied in the purchasing a

Quantity of Rum, for the Use of D® Forces - 3,000-----

23. To Ditto, for Ditto Service - - - - . 980 2 9

1776. ——

Mar. ii. To AnP Merry, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of Monies advanced by him iii purchanng, fitting out, and arming, a Vessel, to be employed in the Service of supplying the Forces in North America, with Provisions, and in purchasing sundry Articles of Provisions for the said Service - -- -- - - 5,000 — —

May. 31. To Ditto, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of Monies advanced by him for Cost and Freight of Cattle,

Sheep, and Hogs, sent to America, for the Service of the Army there - - - - 4,000 — —

June ii. To-Ditto, in full Satisfaction and Discharge of all Claims and Demands whatsoever for the Outfit and Cargoes of sundry Ships, addressed to General Sir Wm Howe, at

Halifax, in Nova Scotia - - - - 7,561 11 —

1776. ——

Jan. 29. To Geo. Charlton, for Ejcpences incurred by him for the Embarkation, Sc.of Troops at Corke, in the Months of August and October

*775 - - - - - - . - - - 3*5 5 —

April 16. To Ditto, for Expences incurred by him for D®, at D®, in

the Month of December 1775, and in the Months of

January, February, and March 1776 - - - - 296 14 7

Aug. 7. To Ditto, for Expences incurred by him for D®, at D®, in

the Months oi March and April 1776 - - - - 308 4 —

Vol. 36. X X

169

7,383 3 *

22,420 5 J

*8,54* %

59>001 7 5

16,561 it —

930 3 7

170 13® Felruarii. A. 1777.

Dates of Warrants.

1776. Mar. 5.

Apr.

May 17.

Aug. 19.

Dec. to.

Jufy 5-

Sept. 29. Aug. 1.

_ *7-

Z>cc. 4. .776. Ak 13.

19.

21.

1776.

15.

Aon. 1.

*777*

/an. 17.

1776.

05. 23.

*776.

-rfpr. 3.

AW. 26.

1776-Apr. 3.

AW. 28. 1776. ^/w. 3-

AW. 26.

To Colonel Chrifiie, by way of Imprest, and upon Account, for Pay of the Artificers going out for the Relief of Quebec - -

To John Trotter, Esquire, in full Satisfaction of the like Sum expended by him in providing Hospital Bedding, for the Use of the Forces in North

America ..... 4,309 — 8

To Ditto, for providing Hospital Tents, for the Use of

the Forces in Ditto - - - - 233 3 —

To Ditto, for Hospital Bedding provided for Ditto - - 3,734 14 5

To Ditto, for providing div^ps extraordinary Camp Necessaries for the ill BattaRon, of Lieutenant Colonel

Maclean's Corps - 6121

To Ditto, for providing D° for the 2d Battalion, of D* - 6121

To Ditto, for providing D® for Lieutenant Colonel

ham's Corps - 39 18 5

To Ditto, for providing D* for the Detachment from the

Three Regiments of Foot Guards - - - - 8742

To Ditto, for providing D° for the Regiment of Waldeck

Foot - - 61 21

To Ditto, for Providing D* for the Foreign Troops serving

in America - - - 1,863 14 —

To Ditto, for providing D* for the Use of the Forces in

North America - - - 8742

To Ditto, for Ditto Service - - - - 2,333 15 —

To Ditto, for providing Camp Necessaries for the Corps of Infantry raised in North America, under the Command of Lieutenant Colonel Goreham, and in providing Tents, for the Officers of the said Corps - - - - 332 7 —

To Wm Knox, Esquire, for procuring proper Presents for the Indians bordering on the Colonies in North America - 5,000 — —

To Ditto, for Ditto Service - - - 6,000-----

To Messrs. Adair and Bullock, to be by them paid over to the Wives and Attornies of sundry Artificers employed in Canada - 278 13 6

To Ditto, to be paid over to Ditto - - 228 13 6

To. Ditto, to be paid over to Ditto - - - ‘ - - 228 13 6

To Philip Deare, in Hill for Cloathing, Arms, and Accoutrements, provided by him for the Corps of Royal Highland Emigrants, pursuant to Contract - - - - ‘ - - 4,606 5 9

To That Harley, Esquire, for Cloathing provided for a Corps of Men, raised by Francis Legge, Esquire, Governor of Nova Scotia ..... 3,405 6 11

To Ditto, for D° provided for the Corps of Royal Highland Emigrants, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Maclean - - - 1,982 16 6

To Thef Hutchins, towards reimbursing him Money advanced for carrying

on Public Works at Pensacola, in West Florida - - 300 — . —

To Ditto, to reimburse D*, for D* Service - - - - 650-----

To Ditto, in full for Money due to him for D° Service - 2,800 1 4J

To the Pay of fundiy General and Staff Officers in North America

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Sir Guy Carleton, for

Public Services - - - - 150----

To Ditto, for Ditto Service - 9,432 19 6

------ 9,582 19 6

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by HeSor Theophilus Cramahe,

Esquire, for Public Services - - - 13,914 15 9

To Ditto, for Ditto Service - - no-----

------- 14,024 15 9

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Guy Johnson, Esquire,

for Public Service ----- 4,430 13 4

To Ditto drawn by Francis Legge, Esquire, for Public Services - -- 2,970 — —

To Ditto Drawn by John Wentworth, Esquire, for Public

Services - -- 1,000 — - —

To Ditto drawn by the Earl of Dunmore, for Public Services ------ 25,000 — - —

2,000 — -

13,204 7 t

11,000 — —

736 — 6

9>994 9 1

3»75o 1 |£ 11,511 o 8

To

i7 Geo. III.

13° Februarii.

Dates of Warrants.

1776.

Nov. 26. To Bills of Exchange drawn by William Tryon, Esquire, for Public Services -

To Ditto drawn by John Thomas, Esquire, for Public Services ——

To Ditto drawn by Philip Calbcck, Esquire, for Public Services - - - - -' - - .

To Ditto drawn by Lord Wm Camp for Public Services -

To Ditto drawn by Hugh Lord, Esquire, for Public Services -

To Ditto drawn by Rob1 Gordon Esquire, for Public

Services - -

To Ditto drawn by Wm Faucitt, Esquire, for Public Services ——

May 2. To ChriJV Baldwin, Esquire, to enable him to pay Bills of Exchange drawn

by Governor Martin, for the- Public Exigencies of the Government of North Carolina - - - ‘ - . - 546 9 4

Nov. 13. To Lancelot Hilton, to satisfy a Bill of Exchange drawn by Captain Hugh Ldrd, Commandant at the Illinois, for contingent Disbursements at Fort Gage --- 94 16 4

*777* ': -

Jan. 17. To M effn. Graham, JolmJkm, and C*, to satisfy^. Bill of

Exchange drawn by Geo. Baillie, Esquire, upon John

Campbell, Esquire, late Agent for the Province of

Georgia..... 467 10 8

1776. ——

Feb. 28. To Bills of Exchange drawn by Major General Boyd,

Lieutenant Governor of Gibraltar, for Public Ser-

4,000 — ——

987 — —

820 2 4

434 14 9

00 16 af

5,600 — —

24,835 1 6

vices -

Aug. 17. To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

Apr. 3. To Ditto drawn by Wm Young, Esquire, for Public Services at T ’

Nov. 26. To Ditto, for Ditto Service

Apr.

M91 3 9

1,187 16 3

for Public Services at Tobago, Sic. - 9,517 15 —

- 9>5°°----

3. To Ditto drawn by Thomas Shirley, Esquire, for Public Services - - - - 350 — —

Nov. 26. To Ditto, for Ditto Service ... 2,100 17 8

Apr. 3. To Ditto drawn by Sir BaJU Keith, for

Public Services - - - - 1,299 9

Nov. 26. To Ditto, for Ditto Service - 1,299 17

3

8

*,379 -

19,017 *5 —

2,5 to 17

2,599 6 11

9

9

Nov. 26. To Bills of Exchange drawn by Valentine Morris, Esquire,

for Public Services - - - - 4,000 — —

To Ditto drawn by Lord Macartney, for Public Services 1,500 — —

1776. ——

Feb. 6. To John Durand, Esquire, for Provisions shipped to the Bland of Saint Vincents, and issued to the Troops in Grenada - - 4,507 4 1

22. To Ditto, for Provisions shipped to the Bland of Saint

Vincent - -- 3,164 2

Apr. 26. To Ditto, for Provisions shipped to the Blands of Tobago

and Dominica - 1,101 18

May 2i. To Ditto, for Provisions shipped to the Blands of Dominica and Saint Vineents, and issued within the Bland of Grenada ---- - 5,329 16 9

July 11. To Ditto, for Provisions issued within the Island of Grenada, between ift January and 31 March 1776, in-

elusive.....--. 1,218 17 ii

Aug. 1. To Ditto, for Provisions shipped at Grenada, for the Use of the Forces at Saint Vincent, Dominica, and Tobago $ and for Provisions condemned in Grenada - 6,221 17 8

Nov. \i. To Ditto, for Provisions shipped from for the Use of the Forces in the Blands of Saint Vincent, Dominica, and Tobago; also for Provisions issued in the said Bland of Grenada to 30 June 1776 - 5,819 1 H

1777*

Jan. 16. To Ditto, for Provisions shipped to the Island of Saint Vincent, issued in the Bland of Grenada, between ift

July

171

94,470 a 4f

1,10816 4

32,006 19 7

VOL. 36.

*7*

Dates of Warrants.

130 Februariu

July and 30 September 1776

5»046 13 9

m

6.

Towards the Expence of Provisions delivered to the Regiments in the Ceded Elands, apply the Sum voted upon Estimate 1776 for that Service -

32,409 13 7

t7»732 14

6. T9 Zachary Philip Fonnereau, Esquire, and Sir Merrick Burrell, Baronet, for victualling the Forces in the Garrison of Gibraltar, between 2d and

*.553 15 7

29th October 1775

'Mar. 11. To Ditto, for victualling D°, in D°, between 30th October 1775 an<l *4 December following - -

Apr. 3. To D4, - for victualling D4, in D°, between 25 December 1775 and 21 January x776 - -

26. To D°, for victualling D°, between 22 January and 18 February 1776, both inclusive -June 20. To D4, for victualling D4, between 19 February iand 17 March 17 76, both inclusive -28. To D*, for victualling D% between 18 March and 14 April 1776, both inclusive -

Aug. 1. To D°, for victualling D4, between 15 April and 12 May

1776, both inclusive - - - < - -

To D4, for victualling D% between 13 May and 9 June

1776, both inclusive -

Sep. 25. To D4, for victualling D4, between 10 June and 7 July

1776, both inclusive - -

Nov. 12. To It, for victualling D4, between 8 and 1 v her 1776, both inclusive -

Dec. 20. To D4, for victualling D4, between 2d and 29 September 1776, both inclusive -

To D4, for victualling D4, between 30th September and 27 October 1776, both inclusive -To D4, for-Infi(rance on Provisions sent to D4, between id October 1775 and 29 September 1776, both inclusive

5,390 14 10 2,615 12 8

2,609 14 it 2,671 13 5 2,613 *4 2,630 17 5 2,653 11 8f

2,639 T5 5 4,8*4 7 3 2,414 5 8

2,422 9 2

5°4 5 5

- - 36,544 17 8

Towards, the Expence of Provisions delivered to the Regiments at Gibraltar, apply the Suin voted upon Elti-mate 1776 for that Service - 14,374 9 4

1776. ——

Mar. 11. To Samnpl Smith, Esquire, for victualling the Forces in the Province of Senagambia, between 1 April 1775 and 30 September following - - - . ... - -

May 22. To D4, for victualling D% between 1 and 31 De*

cembei'*7 75,- inclusive - -

To D4, for victualling D4, between 1 January and 30th March 1776, inclusive - -

To Ditto, for victualling the Forces at Senegal, between ill April and 30 June 1776; for victualling Ditto at

bia, between 22 December 1775 and 27 April 1776; and for the Agent Victualler’s Salary at James Fort Gambia, from 1 July 1775 to 30 June.ij76

Aug.

Nov.

772- 8 6

*,397 J7 5

1,488 15 10

1.

Tdwards the Expence of Provisions delivered to the Corps in Africa, apply the Sum voted upon Estimates 1776 for that Service.....-

2,232 12 5

5,891 14 2

2,328 2 — f

1777-

Jan. 16. To Thtf Harley, Esquire, on Account of Provisions sent by him for the Supply of the Garrison of Minorca -

1776. Apr. 3.

>775- .

Aug. 4.

To AnP Bacon and Laois Chauvet, Esquired, for 40 Negroes fumished and employed by them, in the Eland of from ill Match to ift

July 1775:; for 40 Ditto employed in laid Island, from 30 June to 16 August 1775; for . 51 Negroes in the Eland of Grenada, from 1 July to 10 Augitft 17755 and for 154 Negroes furnished and employed by them in the Eland of Saint Vincent, from ift July to 12 1775,

who have. been supplied and- victualled by them, and for travelling Charges and Duties paid on Negroes -

To Colonel lVm Faucitt, by way of Imprest, and upon

Account - - -.....10,000-----

A.inii-

14,676 19 7

12,170 8 4

3,563 12 11

11,000 T- —

1,051 10 8

To

i7 Geo. III.

13° Fehruariu

Dates of Warrants.

1776. Jan. 20.

Feb. 7. Mar. 15.

To Colonel Wm Fawcilt, by way of Imprest, and upon Account - -

10,000 — —

T9*

June 7. Nov. 29.

1776. July 3-

To John Campbell, Esquire, for a Bill of Exchange drawn by him as Cashier

of the Royal Bank of Scotland -

To Ja‘ Majlerton and Jn° Itiglis, Esquires, for Oatmeal, Firing, Candles, SCc. furnished to the Forces in the

Garrisons of Fort William, in Lochaba I)uart,

and Fort A ugujtus, in the Barracks of Berner a, Itwer-

Jiiaid, CorgajtCajtle, and Brtemar Castle, and in the

Garrison of Fort George, from 1 January, 1775 to 31st December following -

To the Duke of Argyll, for the like Sum expended by him on divers Occasions, for the Good of the Service in North Britain ——

To Humphry Bland Gardiner and Jet Kemp, for Necessaries furnished by them for the Use of the Forces in North Britain, in the Year 1776 -

2,570 n 10

300 — —

3>*35 t6 3

To J'i' Meyrick, Junior (Executor of the late William in full

Satisfaction of the like Sum expended by him in providing and repairing Utensils, and for furnishing Coals and Candles for the Use of the Forces in the Barracks at Por/fmouth -

Feb. 2. To Andrew Clintpn, El'quire, iii full Satisfaction of the like Sum expended by him in providing and repairing divers Utensils, SCc. for the Use of the Barracks in Plymouth Dock, from 25 December 1774 to 24 December

1775 - - . - - - 192 — 5

To Ditto, to enable him to provide Coals and Candles

for the Use of the Forces that are, or may be, in the

Barracks at Plymouth Dock - - - - 500 ---

To Ditto, for providing Coals, Candles, and sundry Utensils, for the Use of the Troops in the Citadel of Plymouth and Saint Nicholas Island, from 25 December 1775 to 24 June

1776 ----- - 252 9 10

To Ditto, for providing Coals, Candles, and sundry Utensils, for the Use of the Troops in Ditto, from 25 June 1776 to 24 December following - - - - 214 7 4

To Ditto, for providing and repairing divers Utensils,

SCc. for the Use of the Barracks at Plymouth Dock, from 25 December 1775 to 25 December 1776, and for his Salary for providing and taking Care of them for the said Period - - 153 11 9

To John Powell, Esquire, for His Majesty’s Proportion of Coals landed and received at Gibraltar, between 3d May 1775 and 22 February 1776, for the Use of the Garrison there, and for the additional Expence of Freight and Insurance* - - 2,003 10 6

May 26. July 20.

1777-Jan. 13.

»o.

1776. Aug. 19.

*777* Jan. 13.

1776.

Jan. 29.

' Dragoous, in the Summer 1775 -

Mar. 29. To Lord Rob‘ Manners, for Ditto, of the 3d Regiment of Dragoon Guards, in the Summer 1775

May 17. To Lord Toicnjhend, for Ditto, for the 2d Regiment of Dragoon Guards, in the Summer 1773 - *

To Ditto, for Ditto, in the Summer 1774 - *

To Ditto, for Ditto, in the Summer 1775 - -

To Lieutenant General Elliot, for extra Feeding, SCc. of the Detachment of his Regiment of Dragoons, in the Year 1775 ——

Nov. 15. To Sir Geo. Howard, for Grass Money, for the 7th Regiment of Dragoons, in the Summer 1776 -

To Major General Johnston, for D*, of the nth Regiment of Dragoons, in the Summer 1776 -

To General Mcjlyn, for D", of the ift Regiment Dragoon Guards, in D° 1776 - -

To Major General Fitzroy, for D°, -of the 3d Regiment Dragoons, in D* 1776 - -

Vol. 36. Yy

To Ditto, for His Majesty's Proportion of Ditto, received at Ditto, between 16 July and 22 November 1776, and for additional Expences, SCc. -

2,466 3 6

126

126

126

5

5

5

300 — —

412

18

266 19 — 237 — 6 163 -

*73

To Lieutenant General Elliott, for Grass Money, for the 15th Regiment of

495 *7 —

369 3

20>000 -

6,297 8 7

*57 8 7

ti3I2 9 4

4,469 14 —

T«

i?4

130 Februarii.

A. i

Dates of Warrants.

*776. 20.

1775-

27.

*776-

/rffl. 29.

31*

-FV6. 17.

Afar. 5.

J5-

20.

Apr. 1.

16.

A/ay 2.

*7-

22.

24.

7aw 7. 10.

18.

20.

To the Earl of Pembroke, for Grass Money, of ill Regiment Dragoons, in the Summer 1776 - - - - 126 5 —

To Major General Carpenter, for D®, of 4th Regiment

Dragoons, in D® 1776.....- - 126 5 —

To Lord R Manners, for D°, of 3d Regiment Dragoon

Guards, in D®1776 - - - - 179 12 7

To Lieutenant General Harvey, for D#, of 6th Regiment

Dragoons, in D° 1776 - - - -126 5 — *

To MelTrs. Cox and Mair, for the Pay of 9 Surgeons Mates to the 50th Regiment of Foot, Rationed at Jamaica, from 25 December 1774 to 24 June 1775 - - - ..... - - - 277 — 8

To Lieutenant General Harvey, for his additional Pay as Adjutant General, from 25 December 1774 to 24 December 1775..... 1,460 -

To Colonel Ch' Grey, for his Pay as Aid de Camp.to the King, to 24 December 1775 - - - - 200 -- —

To Sir Thcf Speficer Wilson, for his Pay as D®, for 280 Days

from 20 March 1775 to 24 December following - - 153 8 6

To Rub‘ Adair, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay as Inspector

General of the Hospitals, to 24 December 1775 - - 547 io —

To Messrs. Poxcell and Cooke, for the Pay of several supernumerary Officers of the Invalids, from 25 December 1774 to 24 December 1175- . - - - 2,167 14 —

To Colonel WmFaucitt, for 92 Days Pay as Commissary in Germany, from 3 November 1775 to 2 February 1776,

both inclusive - x - 460-----

To Lieutenant Colonel Townshend, for superintending the Recruiting of the adittional Companies in Ireland - -- 475 — —

To Wm Bijhdpp, for 365 Days Pay as Surgeon at Senegal,

to 24 December 1774 ----- 182 10 —

To John Fenton, Esquire, for 213 Days Pay as Captain and Commander of William and Mary Castle, in the Province of New Hampshire, from 7 June 1775 to 5th January 1776 - -- -- - 413 — —

To Samuel Holland, Esquire, 183 Days Pay as Surveyor

Genera] of the Province of Quebec, from 31 1775

to 30 April 1776 - - - - - 183----

To Lieutenant Colonel Wrightson ,in Addition to his Salary as Major to Chelsea Hospital - - - - 100 ——

To Messrs. Ross and Gray, for the Pay of 9 Surgeons Mates, belonging to the id Battalion of 60th Regiment Foot, Rationed at Jamaica, from 25 June 1775 to 24 December following - - -. - - - - 278106

To Captain Andrew Frafer, for 178 Days Pay as Commissary at Dunkirk, from 11 October 1775 to 5 April

1776, both inclusive - - - - 267-----

To Lieutenant Colonel Townshend, for Pay for 219 Days, as Superintendant of the Recruiting Service, from 20

May 1775 to 24 December following, both inclusive - 216 11 6

To Messrs. Cox and Mair, for the Pay of 9 Surgeons Mates to the 50th Regiment of Foot, Rationed at Jamaica, from 25 June 1775 to 24 December following - - 278 10 6

To Colonel W"Faucitt, for 90 Days Pay as Commissary in Germany, from 3 February 1776 to 2 May following,

both inclusive - 450-----

To Colonel Wm Roy, for 183 Days Pay for superintending

Stores sent to America - - - . - 366 — —

To Colonel Cht Rainsford, for 39 Days Pay as Commissary for muttering and embarking a Regiment of Hanau Infrantry, from 26 February 1776 to 4

following.....- - - - 117-----

To Rob‘ Gordon, Esquire, for 90 Days Pay as Commissary of of Provisions at Corke, from 21R February 1776 to 21R May following - - 90 — —

To Major General Haviland, for 72 Days Pay as Inspector General of the Forces in The West India Islands, from 14 October 1775 to 24 December following, both inclusive - - - 180-----

16

3>i$i

17 Geo. III. 136 Februarit.

Dates of Warrants.

June 20. To Major General Evelyn, for his extraordinary Trouble and Expence in reviewing His Majesty’s Land Forces in the Year 1776 -

July 4. To John Fenton, Esquire, for 182 Days Pay as Captain and Commander of William and Mary ,in Hampshire, from 6th January 1776 to 5 July following, l>oth inclusive ——

12. To Colonel Cha' Rainsford, for Days Pay as Commissary for mustering and embarking a Corps of Hunan Artillery, from 14 May 1776 to 26 June following, both inclusive ——

Aug. 17. To Colonel 'H/mFaucitt, for 92 Days Pay as Commissary in Germany, from 3d 1776 to 2 August following, both inclusive ——

19. To Lieutenant John Cleve P for his Care and Trouble in assisting to complete a Plan of North,

from ill May 1775 to 30th 1776, both inclusive,

being 366 Days -

Sept. 16. To Lieutenant Colonel Townshend, for 183 Days Pay, as Su-perintendant of the Recruiting Service, to 24 June 1776 To Ditto, for the Pay of Officers employed to affili in carrying on the Recruiting Service in Ireland 03. 3. To John Charlton, for his Pay as Surgeon to the Hospital at Bo/ion, for 260 Days, from nth February 1775 to 28 October following, both inclusive - -

To Messrs. Ross and Gray, for the Pay of 9 Surgeons Mates belonging to the ill Battalion 60th Regiment of Foot Rationed at Jamaicfrom 25 December 1775, to

24 June 1776.....-

8. To Rolf Gordon, Esqtiire, for 92 Days Pay as Commissary of Provisions at from 22d May 1776 to 21

August following -

Not). 13. - To Captain Andrew Frafer, for 188 Days Pay asCommissary at Dunkirk, from 6 April 1776 to 10 fol-

lowing, both inclusive -25. To Colonel Wm Roy, for 183 Days Pay as Superintendant of Stores sent to America, from 14 April 1776 to 13 October following, both inclusive - -

38. To Rolf Gordon, Esquire, for 92 Days Pay as Commis-fary at Corke, from 2 2d August to 21st November 1776, both inclusive -

To Colonel Wm Faucitt, for 92 Days Pay as Commissary in Germany, from 3 August 1776 to 2d November following, both inclusive -

It. To Major Generals Johnston, Parker, and Lord Adam Gordon, for their Trouble and Expence in reviewing His Majesty’s Forces in Anno 1776 17. To John Fenton, Esquire, for 184 Days Pay as Captain and Commander of William and Mary Castle in New Hampjkire, from 6th July 1776 to 5 January 1777 Dec. 19. To Rtc/d Reeve, Esquire, for 141 Days Pay as Deputy Paymaster upon an Expedition under General Clinton, from 8 January 1776 to 28 May following, both inclusive -

To Rolf Duff, Esquire, for 145 Days Pay as Governor of Nexvjoundland, from 22d October to 14 March 1776 To John Campbell, Esquire, for One Year’s Allowance as Superintendant and Inspector of Indian Affairs in the Province o( Quebec, from 2 October 1775 to 2 October

To llajor Hai/man Rooke, as Major to the late 98th Regiment of Foot, for 366 Days Allowance, to 24 December 1776 -

To Geo. Munro, Esquire, for 366 Days Pay as Commit fary of Stores in North Britain to Ditto -

To Lieutenant Colonel Birch, for 366 Days Allowance, in lieu of a Troop of Light Dragoons, to Ditto To Major General Geo. for 366 Days Allowance

in lieu of a Troop of Light Dragoons, to Ditto

100-----

182----:-

132-----

460-----

183-----

183-----

260 10 —

130-----

278 10 6

9 2----

282-----

366-----

92-----

460-----

2,737 ie — . -184-----

211 10 — 21.7 10 —

300-----

274 10 —

183-----

283 13 — 283 13 —

Vox.. 36.

175

16,539 a a

To

13* Februarii.

176

Date* of Warrants.

1776.

Alar. 1;

May 17.

oa.

31-

To Lord John Murray, to enable him to reimburse the Non-comm iffioned

Officers and Private Men of the ^id Regiment of Foot the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymaster’s Allowances, from 25 June 1775 to 24 December following, and for the Allowance of Bread Money to

26.

22.

said Regiment, from 18 October to 14 November 1775 To Edmund Armstrong, Esquire, to enable him to re-

imburse D° of the 8th of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, and for the Allowance of Bread to 32d Regiment of Foot, from 25 June 1775 to the 24th December following -

To Adam Wood, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the 31st Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from 25 June 1775 to 24 December following, and for the Allowance of Bread Money for the said Regiment from 1 ft July to 31 December 1775 To Edit/1 Bi/shopp, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse

D® of the 5th Regiment of Foot, the D® made for D®, from 25 Jime 1775 to 24 December following, and for the Allowance of Bread Money for the 29th Regiment of Foot for the same Time -

To Messrs. Jn° and Geo. Hesse, to enable them to reimburse D* of the 37th Regiment-of Foot the D® made for D°, from 4th Augvjt 1775 to 24 December following To Ja' Aleyrick, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D*

of sundry Regiments of Foot the D° made for D", from 25 June 1775 to 24 December following -To Messrs. Roberts, to enable them to reimburse D® of the 27th and 38th Regiments of Foot the D® made for D®, from D® to D® - - - v -

To Messrs. Adair and Bullock, to enable them to reimburse D° of the 4th, 25th, and 47th Regiments of Foot the D° made for D®, from D® to D® -To Sir Ch’ Montagu, to enable him to reimburse D® of the 2d Regiment of Foot the D® made for D®, from D®

to D®....

To Jo* Fitter, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the 15th and 55th Regiments of Foot the Stoppages made for D®, from 4th Aug 1775 to 24 December following ——

To Messrs. Ross and Gray, to enable them to reimburse D® of sundry Regiments of Foot the D® made for D®, from 25 June 1775 to 24 December following -To Hugh JoJiahHanfard, Esquire, to enable him to re-

inibnrfe D® of the 4 5 th Regiment of Foot the D® made for D®, from D® to Ditto -To Messrs. Cox and Mdir, to enable them to reimburse D* of sundry Regiments of Foot the D® made for D®, from

D® to D® - -....

To JcC Mn/rick, Esquire, for His Majesty’s Allowance of Bread Money to the 28th, 33d, 46th, 64th, and 70th Regiments of Foot stationed in Chatham Barracks, Tin-mouth, and Edinburgh Castle.

To Messrs. Adair and Bullock, to enable them to reimburse the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the 4th, 25th, and 47th Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymaster’s Allowances, from 25 December 1775 to 24 1776

To Edw* Bi/shopp, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the 5th and 29th Regiments of Foot the D®made for D®, from D® to D®

To Messrs. Aleyrick, to enable them to reimburse D® of fundiy Regiments of Foot the D® made for D®, from D® to D® -

To Lieutenant General Armstrong, to enable him to reimburse D® of the 8th Regiment of Foot the D* made for D®, from D® to D®

To Messrs. ito/s and Gray, to enable them to reimburse D® of sundry Regiments of Foot the D® made for D®, from D® to D®

To Adam Wood, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse the

Non-

164 4 84

39° *5 1

336 9 5

478 16 9

71 17 9

787 10

i55' 5 3

223 12 7

57

— 8

142 14 8

*57 *3 8

83 4 9

J>293

18 6

409 5 —

273 11 10

3°4

933

12 6

9 6 6-

1,614 10 9

A. 1777.

t

17 Geo. III. 130 Februarii.

Date* of Warrants.

*776'

Ocl. 31.

Nojf. 15. 25-Dec. 20.

iyj6.

Feb 17.

Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the 31st Regiment of Foot the Stoppages made for the Surgeon’s and Paymaster’s Allowances, from 25 177/5

to 24 June 1776, and for the Allowance of Bread Money to the said Regiment from 1 Jamtary to 23 June 1776 -

To MelTrs. Andersonand Richardfo to enable them to ro-

imburle the Non-commissioned Officers, of the 42d (or Royal Highland) Regiment of Foot the D® made lor D®, from 25 December 1775 to 24th Ju?ie 1776 To II. J. llanj'ard, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse

D® of the 4 5th Regiment of Foot the D® made for D®,

from D® to D®....

To Sir Charles Montagu, to enable him to reimburse D®, of

the 2d Regiment of Foot the D® made lor D®, from D®

to D® -....

To T Fitter, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the 15th and 69th Regiments of Foot the D® made for

D®, from U* to D°....

To MelTrs. Roberts, to enable them to reimburse D® of the 27th, and 38th Regiments of Foot the D° made for D°, from D*toD"

To Sir Eyre Coote, to enable him to reimburse D® of the 37th Regiment of Foot the D® made for D® from D* to D®

122 12

240 13 2

1G6 7 6

96 6 10

80 18 2

177 ' 5 —

192 13 8

109 2 10

To Ja?Meyrkk, Esquire, for Lodes sustained by the Officers of the 28th

Regiment of Foot on Board the Transports in the Storms on the 19th and

20 th October 1775-....

To Anne Bofcawen, Widow of Lieutenant General Bof-cawen, to enable her to replace sundry Accoutrements, t(c. belonging to 23d Regiment of Foot loll in the Actions of the 19 April and 17 June against the Rebels in North America -

To EdirA Armstrong, Esquire, for Lodes sustained by sundry Officers of the 3 2d Regiment of Foot in the Wreck of the Rockingham Transport on the Coall of Ireland on 22d December 1775 -

To Medrs. Ross and Gray in full Satisfaction for the Lodes sustained by the Coldllream Regiment of Foot Guards, in the Fire at the Savoy Barracks on the 3 March 1776 -

To MelTrs. Cox and Mair, to be paid over to the Colonels ' of the 22d and 40th Regiments of Foot in full Compensation for the Lodes they sustained by the Clothing of their respective Regiments for the Year 1775, being taken by the Rebels at Philadelphia -

To Colonel W* Amherst, to replace sundry Accoutrements and Clothing of the 321! Regiment of Foot, loft in the Wreck of the Rocking hamTransport on the Coast of Ireland, the 22d December 1775 -Sepr. 16. To Serjeant Carter of D® Regiment for Lodes sustained by him in the Wreck of D® Transport -

To Capt. Hum. Owen, of the 7 ill Regiment of Foot, fort)® sustained by him on the taking of the Gafpee Schooner by the Rebels in America, in the Year 1775 To Lieutenant Colonel Fletcher, of the 32a Regiment of Foot for D® sustained by him in the Wreck of the Rockingham Transport -

May. 6.

7s 3 9

624 14 —

*37

8 8

*7

oar. 3.

1.277 5 4

5*5 17 i°

50 -

145-----

180

1775-oa. 23.

1776.

Feb. 17.

Apr. 18. May 31.

To Major General Scott, in lieu of 353 Days Offreckonings for the Additional to the 26th Regiment of Foot

To Sir Rolf Hamilton, in lieu of 353 DaysD® for D* of 40th Regiment Foot.....-

To the Earl of Loudoun, in lieu of 49 Days D® for D® of 3d Regiment of Foot Guards -To Earl Cornwallis, in lieu of 384 Days D? for D® of 33d Regiment of Foot - -

To Major General Mack ay, in lieu of 79 Days D® for D* of 21 ft Regiment of Foot.....-

878

878

7 — 7 —

160 7 11

413 13 *i

80 2 8

Vol. 36.

Zz

177

£ d-

9,787 18 10 £

3.231 1 7

To

178

13° Februarii.

Dates of Warrant*.

1776. June 28.

>£/ 3-

Sept. 14.

Z\9.

Apr. 15.

To Major General Fra fir, in lien of 49 Days Offreckonings for the Additional for his Regiment of Foot - 804 i 2 t

To Lord Fred. Cavendish, in lieu of 79 Days D° for D° of

34 th Regiment of Foot.....- ,83 22

To Major General Elphinftone, in lieu of 79 Days D° for

D® of 53d Regiment of Foot ----- 83 2 2

To Major General Frederick, in lieu of 384 Da}rs D® for

D° of 54th Regiment of Foot.....413 13 10

To Sir A. Oughton, in lieu of 79 Days D® for D® of 3 ift

Regiment of Foot - -.....8028

To Major General Taylor, in lieu of 79 Days D° for D° of

24th Regiment of Foot.....8322

To Lieutenant General Evelyn, in lieu of 11 o Days D° for

D® of the 29th Regiment of Foot - - - - 111117

To Lord Ligonier, in lieu of 140 Days D° for D° of 9th

Foot - t - 130 16 6

To Major General Preston, in lieu of 279 Days D° for D®

of 17th Regiment Dragoons.....373 — 4

To Major General Parker, in lieu of 79 Days D° for D° of

20th Regiment Foot..... - 8522

To Sir John Irwine, in lieu of 384 Days D® for D® of 57th

Regiment of Foot - 4131310

To Major General Jones in lieu of 79 Days D® for D® of

62d Regiment of Foot.....8522

To Earl Waldegrave, in lieu of 49 Days D® for D® of the

2d or Coldstream Regiment of root Guards - - 160 18 11

To Major General Burgoyne, in lieu of 172 Days D® for

D® 16th Regiment Dragoons - - - 4312 —

To his Royal Highness the Duke of in lieu

of 49 Days D° for D® of the ill Regiment of Foot Guards.....- 250 3 4

To Lieutenant General Haviland for providing divers Camp Necessaries for the 45th Regiment of Foot ----- 267 13 —

To Lieutenant General Monckion for providing D® for the

17 th Regiment Foot - -- - 85 4 —

To Sir Wm Howe for providing D® for the 23d Regiment

Foot ----- 267 13 —

To Major General Earle for providing D® for the 28th

Regiment Foot -.....- 85 4 —

To Earl Comivallis for D® provided for the 33d Regiment

Foot.....85 4 —

To Colonel Vaughan for D® provided for the 46th Regiment Foot..... 854 — -

To Major General Pomeroy for D® provided the 64th

Regiment Foot ----- 267 13 —

To Major General Taylor for D® provided for the 24th

Regiment Foot ----- 267 13 —

To Earl Percy for D® provided for the 5th Regiment

Foot - - 467 13 —

To Major General Evelyn for D® provided for the 29th

Regiment of Foot ----- 267 13 —

To Sir J. A. Oughton for D® provided for the 31st Regiment Foot - - - - 267 13 —

To Sir Wm Boothby for D® provided for the 6th Regiment Foot - - - 267 13 — '

To Lord Ligonier for D® provided for the 9th Regiment

of Foot - - - . - - - 267 13 —

To Lieutenant General Sand ford for D® provided for the

10th D® - - - 267 13 —

To Major General Gisborne for D® provided for the 16th

D® ---- 267 13 —

To Major General Parker for D® provided for the 20th

D® - - 267 13 —

To Lieutenant General Gage for D® provided for the 22d

Regiment of Foot - - - 267 13 —

To Lord Fr. Cavendish for D° provided for the 34th D® - 267 13 —

To Sir R* Hamilton for D® provided for the 40th D® - 267 13 —

To Lieutenant General Cary for D® provided for the 43d D® - - .- - - - 267 13 —

17 Geo. Ill* 130 Februarii.

Dates of Warrants.

1776. ..

To General Abercrombie for D# provided for the 44th D® 267 13 —

Apr. 15. To Sir J. Claveringfot providing divers Camp Necessaries

for the 52d Regiment of Foot ----- 267 13 —

To Sir J. Indue for D# provided for the 57th D® - 267 13 —

To Colonel Jones for D" provided for the £>2d D" - - 267 13 —

To Major General Grant for D® provided for the 63d D° - 267 13 —

To Lieutenant General Urniflon for D® provided for the

65th I)® - - - - 267 13 —

16. To Lord John Murray for D® provided for the 42d D® 448 13 —

To the Lari of Cavan for D® provided for the 15th D* - 267 13 —

To Ditto for 1)° provided for the 55th D° - - - 186 18 —

To Major General Campbell for D® provided for the 35th

D® - - - - . - > - - - - 267 13 —

To Major General Burgoynefor D® provided for the 16th

Regiment Dragoons - - - 595 9 3

To Major General Cunningham for D® provided for the

14th Regiment of Foot - - - - 85 4 —

To Major General Macknj for D® provided for the 21ft

D®- ----- 267 13 —

To Major General Maitland for D® provided for the 49th

D® ------ 267 13 —

To Major General Elphinstone for D® provided for the 53d

D® - - - 267 13 —

To Major General Frederick for D® provided for the 54th

D°.....85 4 —

18. To Lieutenant General Hodgson for D® provided for the

4th D® - -- -- - - 267 13 —

To Sir G>ty Carlefon for D® provided for the 47th D® - 267 13 —

To Sir Eyre Cootefor D® provided for the 37th D® - - 267 13 —

22. To the Earl of Loudoun for D® provided for the Detachment of Foot Guards - - - - 468 11 —

May 6. To Major General Majfey for D® provided for the 27th

Regiment of Foot - 85 4 —

To Major General Pigoit for D® provided for the 38th

D* - ... . - - - - 267 13 —

17. To Major General Frafer for D®'provided for the 71ft

D® -.....881 9 —

To Lieutenant General Armfrong for D® provided for the 8th D* - -- 267 13 —

1776. ——

Feb. 14. To the Earl of Loudoun for Bas Horses for a Detachment from the Three Regiments of Foot Guards ordered on Service in North

America - - - 210----

Mar. 15. To Lord Jn° Murray for Bas Horses for the 42d Regi- ~

ment of Foot, ordered on Service in North America - no -- —

To Major Generals Cunningham and Gijbome for Bas Horses for the 14th and 16th Regiments of Foot, ordered on Service in North America - - - - 420 — —

To Sir WmBoothby for Bas Horses for the 6th Regiment

of Foot ordered to North America - - - - no----

May 31. To Major General Frafer for Bas Horses for the 71st Regi- 1

ment of Foot ordered to North America - ‘ - 220-----

be b. 14. To the Earl of Loudoun for Baggage Horses for a Detachment from the Three Regiments of Foot Guards ordered' on Service in North

America - - - 175-----

Mar. 15. To Lord Jn° Murray for D® of the 42d Regiment of Foot

ordered on Service in D® - - - 221 .5 —

To Major Generals Cunningham and Gijbome for D® of the 14th and 16th Regiments of Foot ordered on Service in D° ----- - 357 10 —

To Sir Wm Boothby for D® for' the 6th Regiment cf

Foot ordered on Service inD® - - - 17815 —

May $i. To Major General Frafer for D® for the 71st Regiment of

Foot ordered on Service in D* ----- 453 15 —

1776. ——

Feb. 14. To the Earl of Loudoun for xoo Days Forage Money for a Detachment from the Three Regiments of Foot Guards ordered on Service in North America - -- 233 15 —

Mar. 15. To Lord Jn° Murray for 100 Days D® for the 42d Regiment of Foot ordered on Service inD® - 250 ——

Vol. 36.

c

s.

d:

4 3

L386 5 —

To

ftfe.»

13° Februarii.

180 13° Februarii.

Dates of Warrant*.

To Major Generals Cunningham and Gifhorne for ioo Days £. s. d.

Forage Money each for she'i.jth and 16th Regiments ol*

Foot ordered on Service in North America - - - .4 4 3 — —

1776.

Mar. 15. To Sir IF" Boothby for 100 Days D° for the Gill Regiment of Foot ordered on Service in America - 222 10 -

May 31. To Major General Fr after for 100 Days D° for the 7 ill Regiment of Foot ordered on Service in D° - - - 717 10 —

Feb. 5. To Eihc* Lezcis, Esquire, for a Balance due to him for remitting Money to the Troops in West Florida, between 25 August 1772 and 24 August

1775 - *.....-

June 13. To Kender Mason, Esquire, for the Use of himself and M ilter Cuming, deceased, for Balance of their Account for remitting Money to Florida between 25 October 1772 and 24 1775 - -

1776-

Mar. 22. To Bob' Adair, Esquire, to enable him to satisry such Bills as may be drawn upon him for the Pay of divers extra Surgeons and Surgeons Mates

in the ceded Islands, Sic. - - - - - 1,000----

Apr. 22. To Ditto for Ditto Service ---- 2,000-----

1776. __ ——

Jan. 29. To Lieutenant Colonel U,aRoy, Deputy Quarter Mailer General, to reimburse him his Travelling Expences in the Year 1775 -

To Lieutenant General Harvey for his contingent Disbursements as Adjutant General to 24 December 1775 - -

Feb. 5. To Geo. Gamier, Esquire, for Medicines and Materials by him provided for the Forces in England, The Indies, Africa, and North America, in

the Year 1775 -....

To Captain Andrew Frafer, Commissary at Dunkirk, for Pollage of Letters, Expresses, Stic.for the Year 177*3 -

Mar. 12. To Sir Geo. Ojbornefor providing an Equipage as Commissary of the

Musters for the Foreign Troops ....

15. To John Trotter, Esquire, for providing Hospital Bedding, and divers Utensils for the Use of the Forces in Dominica and St. Augustine Apr. 3. To Sir James Efdale, in full Satisfaction for sundry Accoutrements provided for the Light Infantry in the Province of Quebec -29. To Colonel Guy Johnson, Superintendant of Indian Affairs, in Advance and in Part of his Account for the Pay of Officers and incidental Expences in his Department, between 25 J/arcA 1775 and 25 March 1776 May 17. To Lieutenant Colonel Sam1 Toicnjhend for his contingent Disbursements as Superinteudant of the Recruiting Service, from 23 June 1773 to 24 December following - - ... . - -

20. To Whitwell Butler, Esquire, for the Rent of a House at Senegal for the Use of the Chief Justice of the Province of Senegambia, ended 7 February 1776 - > - -

24. To Colonel Guy Johnson for Expences attending some Indian Chiefs during their Residence in London ——

31. To Colonel Wilkins in full Satisfaction and Discharge of the like Sum expended by him in carrying on the Public Works in the Illinois Country June 10. To Rich1 Clarke for the Expenses and Losses of his Son in bringing to this Country from Quebec, by the Directions of the Commander in Chief in Canada, Four Pilots, Two Deserters, and One Prisoner from the Rebel Army - - _ - -

fa. To the Landgrave! of HeJJe for Levy Money of Commissioned

Officers r - -

»o. To John Ellis, Esqpir$, {or the Purchase and keeping up of a Schooner for the Service of the Province of West Florida, from 1 1776 to ift

January 1777 - - - . > - -

28. To Colonel Chet Rainsford for divers Expences incurred by hire in the Passage of the Regiment of Hanau Infantry and Company of Artillery to the Place of their Embarkation for North America -July 3. To Colonel Morrison for his contingent Disbursements as Quarter Matter General, from 25 December 17.75 to 24 June 1776 -

5. To Jeremiah Perry to reimburse him his Expences in bringing over Mif-lionaries from the Morfquito Indians, in the Year 1775 -

8. To Major General Haldimand for his Expences and in lieu of Pay while he afied as Commander in Chief in North America during the Absence of Lieutenant General Gage ——

12. To Isaac Barr*, Thtf Fitzmaurice, and David Roberts, Esquires, for the

Balance of the Account of Ulysses Esquire, deceased, late

Governor of the Islands of Grenada, Dominica, &c.

Aug. 2. To IP* B(£, Esquire, for contingent Disbursements of the Three Hanoverian Battalions at Gibraltar, from 29 November 1775 to 24 December following.....*

1

A. 1777.

£ s. d.

I,(M'S

519 10 4 3r>3 11 4

3.000 -

3*)2 1 —

416 11 —

7>277 16 i 47 17 6

500-----

96 13 8 2,010 4 —

2.000 -

141 8 —

Go — —

5J5 5 9!

112 18 1

212 13 _

3.991 19 4$ .315 — "

516 9 —

303 10 — 953 I® —

3>°33 17 —

15

122 — —

To

i7 Geo. III.

i Februarii.

181

Dtfes of Warrants*

1776. Aug. 2.

*7*

>9-

47.

t6.

O5.3

8.

30-

31*

Nov. 12.

*3-Dec. 4.

5*

19.

31*

*777*

Jan.%.

1776. 7««. 13*

17.

41.

To Ditto for the extraordinary Expences of the Hanoverian Troops in their Passage to Gibraltar and Minorca, in Consequence of Part of them haring been stranded at Dunkirk and the Isle of Rhe -To Patrick Geo. Crau/urd, Esquire, for his Expences and Trouble in carrying /.63,31a. 10. to Hiffe Cajfel- -

To H.J. Hansard for the Freight of the Schooner Tryal hired to bring Dispatches from Senegal -

To David Gordon for his Expences and Trouble in carrying £.5,000 to Portsmouth for the Subsistence of the Second Division of the

Troops.....-

To Th& Harley, Esquire, for the Expences of Packing, Insurance, and

Charges of Clothing sent to Canada for the Service of the Forces

there -....

To John Trotter, Esquire, for providing Hospital Bedding, Sc. for the Use of the Forces at St. Augustine and Dominica -

To Ditto for providing D8 for the Use of the Sick Recruits in Chatham Barracks ——

To R. P. Taylor, Esquire, to be paid over to a Translator of German

Vouchers - -.....-

To Lieutenant Colonel Toton/hend for his contingent Expences in superin-tending the Recruiting Service to 24 June 1776 - -

To Captain Ricfd Baillie, of the 6ad Regiment, for his contingent Expences as Assistant to the Quarter Mailer General in North America, from 18 November 1775 to 10th September 1776 -

To the Hereditary Prince of HeJJe CaJJcl for Levy Money of Commissioned Officers of the "Regiment of Hanau -

To Governor Tonyn for the keeping up a Schooner for the Service of the Province of East Florida for One Year, to 29 August 1777.

To Rolf Adair, Esquire, to reimburse him several Sums paid on Account of the Hospitals, and for his contingent Disbursements to 24 June 1776 To John Blackburn, Merchant, for victualing and maintaining Three Vessels employed on the Lakes Ontario, Erie, and Huron in North America, from 10 May 1775 to 10 May 1776 - - - -

To Tfuf Harley, Esquire, for Packing, Freight, Carriage, Insurance, and Charges, in fending Clothing to the Invalids doing Duty in fundryGarrifons To Jacob Wilkinson, Esquire, on Account of the Works carrying on at the Barracks at St. Augustine in the Province of East Florida -To Geo. Gamier, Esquire, for Medicines, already provided and to be provided by him for the Forces in England, Hie Indies, Africa, and North America ——

To Colonel WmFaucitt for an Equipage as Commissary in Germany -

To John Powell, Esquire, for the Contingencies of his Office as Deputy Paym after at Quebec for Three Years, to 24 June 1776 - -

To Vincent Mathias, Esquire, for Freight and Charges paid on Three

Consignments of Clothing for the Brunswic Troops in America, forwarded from Hamburgh to London -

To Captain Wm Pawlett, being His Majesty’s Royal Bounty for the Lose of his Leg on Service in North America, and the Expences of his Cure

To Colonel Geo. Morrison for his Contingencies as Quarter Master General froma^ y*^ 1776 to 24 December following -

To WR ice, Surveyor of the Horse Guards, to be paid over to several

Artificers, in full Satisfaction for Work done by them in Repairs, Sc. at Whitehall, The Tilt Yard, Saint James's, House,

Hampton Court, Sc. between 25 December 1774 and 25 December

1775 ....

To Abf" Prado, Esquire, in full Satisfaction and Discharge of all Damages and Coils disbursed by him on Account of a Prosecution commenced against him in the Year 1759 for Non-performance of a Contract made between him and Thomas Orby Hunter, Esquire -To Captain Hugh Lord, for the Expence of a Clerk during the Time he commanded in the Illinois Country -

Pay of the 17th, 27th, 28th, 46th, and 55th Regiments of Foot for 143 Days, from August 1775 to 24 December following, both inclusive, at £.29. 19. 6. per Diem each - ....

TOTAL

864 14 2\ 244 l8 3

393 2 ~ 58 17 8

993 *8 9 122 13 3

5* 2

25 —

258 6 7

158 8 2 223 15 7i 417 5 —

756 t 1

2,400 — —

355 10 10 5°o-----

5,000----

306 2 6

173 3 1 95 16 ?

1

218 3 6

299 10 —

1,546 17 2

i,66i 17 6

75 6 — '

21,432 2 6

1,00,602 12 5

War Office, i3thFc*nmty 1777.

Barrington.

Vo* 36.

3 A

1.82 i*3° Februarik A. 1777.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the by One; anti, upon the Question severally put there-Table, to be perufed by the Members of the House. upon, were agreed to by the House.

That the Bill with the Amendments, be Windlefliam A Petition of several. Proprietors of Lands'and ingrolifefl. ' , "'

and Grounds in the Paplh of Windlesham, in the county of ;

In do lure. Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting;, Sir George reported from the Committee, to

forth. That Notice having been given, in the Parish whom the Kill for dividing and inclosing several Com-Church of Windlesham, that the Proprietors of Lands, mons or Waste Grounds, Open Common Fields, Un-Ac. within the said Parish, iutend to apply to the.House, divided Inclosures, and other Commonable Lands, for Ixavcto bring in a Bill for the Purpose of inclosing within the Manor and Parish of in the Welt

Part of the Waste Lands within the said Parish, the Riding of the County of York, was committed; That Petitioners apprehend, that, if such Bill be permitted the Committee had examined, and found that the to J>c.brought into the House, and should afterwards Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April pals into a Law, it will be-very injurious to their Pro- 1774, relative, to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied jierty: And therefore praying. That flic House will with; and that the Committee had examined the AlIe-not permit such Bill to be brought into the House; gations of the J Bill, and found the same to be true; and and if such Bill be brought in, that they may be heard, that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except that the same may not pass into a Law. the Proprietors of Lands of the Annual Value of

Din*. A Petition of several Proprietors of Messuages, £. 67. 1 or. who had.not signed the Bill, but had no Farms, Lands, and Tenements, in the Parish of C/iob- Objection to the Inclosure; and that the Whole of the ham, in the County of Surrey, was also presented to Lands intended, to be inclosed is of the Annual Value the House, and read; Setting forth. That Notice hav- of £. 978. ior.; and that no Person appeared before ing been given, in the Parish Church of Windlesham, the Committee to oppol'e the Bill) and that the Com-in the County of Surrey, that the Proprietors of mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several Lands, Sic.within the said Parish, intend to apply to Amendments thereunto; which they> had directed the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for the Purpose . him to report to the House; and he read the Report of inclosing Part of the Waste Lands within the said in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with Parish the Petitioners beg Leave to inform the House, the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the that the said Parish of Chobham adjoins the said Parish Amendments were. Once read throughout; and then of Windlesham; and that there are no Mounds, or a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Fences, to separate the Waste Lands and Commons of severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment the several Parishes; they therefore, from that and to One of them, agreed to by the House,

many other Reasons, apprehend, that if such Bill be Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

|>ermitted to be brought into the House, and should ingrossed. afterwards pals into a Law, it will be very injurious,

to their Property: And therefore-praying. That the Mr. Grenville reported fi-oni the Committee, to whom House will not permit such Bill to be brought into the the Petition of the Churchwardens, Proprietors of House; and if such Bill be brought in, that- the Pe- Estates, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish of titioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, Buckingham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, ugainst the said Bill, and that the same may not pass on Behalf of themselves, and others, was referred; into a I aw. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to said Petition; arid had directed him to report the fame, lie upon the Table. as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the

Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at Hokot Mr. Knighlley reported from the Committee, to the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is

iMiofcuc. whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, as followeth; viz.

the Open and Common Fields, Common Paiiures, To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Ceiptnon Meadows, and other Commonable Lands Reverend Mr. Butler informed your Committee, that ami Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of the Parish Church of the Town and Parish of Buck-llolcot, in the County of Northampton, was committed; ingham is fallen down,- and that it is necessary to build That the Committee had examined, and found that the a new Church for the Use of the said Inhabitants. Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April That different Plans have been proposed for build-17 74, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied ing a new (3hurch, and were produoed at the last with; and that the Committee had examined the Al- Michaelmas, Quarter Sessions to the Justices for the said legations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; County of Bucks, who thereupon certified to the Lord and that the Parties concerned had given their Con- High Chancellor that the Sum of £. 5,000 would be font to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee wanted to build a Church sufficient to contain the (except Three Persons, who objected to the Inclosure, Inhabitants.

and whose Property in the said Open Fields consists of Then a Member present informed your Committee, Six Yard Lauds and Seven House Pastures; and also That Earl Temple had cauled a Plan to be laid before except Four other Persons, who did not chuse to sign the Inhabitants, called together at a General Meeting, the Bill, but had no Objection to the Inclosure, whose to consider of a Plan, for tbuilding a new Church; that Property in the said Fields consists of One Yard Land the Inhabitants then assembled approved of the said and an Half, or thereabouts; and that the whole Quan- Plan, and are willing, to raise the Sum of £. 2,000 to-tity of I and in the said Fields consists of Forty Yard wards building a new Church upon that Plan; and Lands and an Half, and upwards, and the whole Num- that Earl Temple is willing, upon receiving the said ber of House Pastures in the said Fields is Sixty-four; Sum of £. 2/100, and the Materials of the old Church, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to bind himself, and his Heirs, Executors, Administo oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone strators, and Assigns, to perform the same within a through the Bill, and made several Amendments there- certain Time, to the Satisfaction of Trustees to be ap-unto; which they had directed him to report to the pointed for the Purposes of carrying the proposed House; and he read the Report in his Place; and Plan into Execution,

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were building a new Church, in the Town and Parish of Once read tliroughout; and then a Second Time, One Buckingham: And that Mr. Grenville, Mr Mr.

20 Coke

Thorner

Inclosure.

Buckingham New Church,

17 Geo. III. i 30 Februarii, 185

General T urnpilce Aa; Breadth of Wheels.

HuntfpiU

and

Coffington

laclolure.

t

Coke 6f Norfolk, Lord George Germain, and the Lord Bateman, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House w as moved, That an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce " into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws now u in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that " Part of Great Britain called England, and for other a Purposes," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for suspending, for a limited " Time, so much of an Act made in the Thirteenth " Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of " Parliament, the General Laws now in being, for " regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes, as " is to subjectCarriages havingt he Fellies of the Wheels " thereof of less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, to " the Payment of Double Tolls, and for vacating " Contracts for leafing Tolls," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act " to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great " tain called England, and for other Purposes," as is to subject Carriages having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, to the Payment of Double Tolls, and for vacating Contracts for leafing Tolls: And that Mr. George Mr. Bi/ng, the Lord Midleton, Mr. Thomas Mr. Onjioio, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Morton, Mr. Norton,

Mr. Evelyn, Sir George Savile, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Elves, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Medley. Mr.

Mr. Fielde, Mr. Howard, Mr. , and Mr.

Barrozv, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Mr. Phelips reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of William Saunders, Richard Gould, William Came, James Jeffery, William Body, Silvester Keen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Tyley said, That he knows the several Moors, Commons, and Walk Lands, known by the Names of Eastern Moor, and several other Places described in the Petition; that there are in the Whole One thousand and One hundred Acres, or thereabouts; which, if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed, would be of Advantage to all Parties interested therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, or Wastes, commonly called or know n by the Names of Eastern Moor, Little Moor,-Hackney Common, Pyke's Hill, Slow Way, South Field Common, West Hill, Heath Common, Murry Common otherwise Moor Row, Smurl Common, Cold Worth, Withy Common otherwise Outer Bally, Middle Bally, Withy Wall other wise Inner Bally, Dott's Common, Cote Commons, Salt worth, Primer Hill, Ring Stone's Hill, Long Pound Common, Guard Lane, Parker's Lake Common, Thorn's Common, Stole's Green, and Gall Hill, lying in the Punlh of HuntfpiU, in the County oiSomer-

Vol. 36.

fet\ and also Land Moor otherwise Cote Moor, and . Gold Comer, lying in or near the Parities of HuntfpiU aforesaid and Coffington, in the said County of Somerset: And that Mr. Phelips and Mr. Combe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition is presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing several ltoads leading to and from the Towns of Bala and Dolgelley, in the County of Merioneth, in the said Petition particularly mentioned; and representing to the House, that the Road leading from Towyn, by hrough

Taly Llyn, to join the Road from Dolgelley to Dinas Mowddy, and also the Road from Llandrilb to in the County of Merioneth, are very much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious in many Places for Passengers and Carriages, and cannot be effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the Repair of the said 1 aft-mentioned Roads, in such Manner as the House lha.Il think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Merioneth, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition: and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee* of the whole House, upon the Bill to empower His Majesty to secure and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of High Treason committed in North America, or on the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. - .

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Barrow have Leave to make a Motion, it'being Half an Hour after Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the Htfnfe,

A Petition of the Trustees named in an Act of Parliament, passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to enlarge the Ternj " and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year " of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Gloucester towar&s Hereford, and

other Roads, and for amending feverttl other Roads ". near or adjoining to feme of the said Roads," whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

And the said Petition was brought, up, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners Observe, by the Votes, that Application is making to Parliament (amongst other Purposes) for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Severn, at Maifemin a Part of the Road under the Care of the Petitioners, which Bridge was lately destroyed by a Vessel being driven against it in a Flood; and that, unless a convenient and substantial Bridge be built over the River Severn at Maifemoor aforesaid. Travelling on the said Road will, be flopped; and as no Toll can be collected, the Money

..... borrowed

Bala

and

Dolgelly

Roads.

America;

Bill # to detain / suspected Persons.

Severn

Bridge

and

Gloucester

Streets.

184 13° — 140 Februarii. A. 1777.

borrowed for the Repair of the said Road cannot be repaid, nor the interest due thereupon be discharged, to the great Injury of the Persons intitled to the fame: And therefore praying, That a Bill may pass for the above Purpose, as prayed for by the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Severn, at MaiJ'cmoor, near the City of

for repairing and making commodious Overs leading from the said City, towards afore-

laid; for amending and altering the Bridge over another Branch of the said River near the West

Gate of the said City; and for enforcing the proper paving and cleansing of the several Streets within the said City; and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future, be brought in.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 14* die Februarii;

Mr. Bond presented to the House, according to Order a Bill for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, leading from a Gate in the Town and County of Poole, called Poole Gate; and for repealing Two Acts of Parliament, of the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Years of his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads; and also for applying a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, towards paving, repairing, and widening, a certain Street or Way, within the said Town and County of Poole: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bond presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging several of the Powers contained in an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road from the Turnpike Road between the Town and County of Poole and Winbourn Minster, in the County of Dorset, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Jton, in the said County of Dorset, which leads from Bland ford Forum to Dorchester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Anno 17° Georgii III*1 Regis, 1777.

Prayers.

Westergate A N ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing an Open ladofure. f\_ Waste, or Common, called Westergate,

in the Parish of Aldingbomin the County of , way read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass, and that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing an Open Waste, or Common, called Westergate Common, in the Parish of Aldingbome, in the County of

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Spencer do carry

the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ucltfield, An ingrossed Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Union Point, near the Town of Uc^field, in the County of Sussex, to Bridge, in the Parish of West ham, in the said County, and for more effectually repairing the said Road; and also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from The Side Gate, on the Hor/ebridge Turnpike Road, in the Parish of HeUingly, to the Turnpike Road leading from Cross-in-Hand to in

the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Union Point, near the Town of Uchfield, in the County of Suffer, to Langney Bridge, in die Parish of Westham, in the fiaid County, and for more effectually repairing the said Road; and also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from The Side Gate, on the Hor/ebridge Turnpike Road in the Parish of Hellingly, to the Turnpike Road leading from Crofs4n-Hand to Burwash, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Spencer Wil/on do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

C4t*^d°* ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Horace Cattaneo

Gaudot’t *®d Francis Gaudot, was read the Third Time.

Nat. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Horace Catteneo and Francis Gaudot.

Ordered, That Mr. Henniker do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to amend so much of an Act, made East India in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Company. Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs " of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe," as relates to the Day on which the

Annual Election of Directors of the said Company is to be made, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishingcertain Regulations " for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in Ind as in ," as relates to the Day on which the Annual Election of Directors of the said Company is to be made.

Ordered, That Mr. Rous do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Slrahan be added to the Gentle- Perry’s men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a *at*

Bill, according to the Prayer of the Petition of Maria Perry.

A Bill for continuing the Term of Two Acts, passed But* Lane, in the Fourth and Twenty-fourth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads °* leading from the most Southern Part of Butt in the Parish of Lawton, in the County Palatine of-Chester, to Lawton; and from thence toHen/haWs Smithy, upon

Cranage Green, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Egerton,

Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Scawen reported from the Committee to whom Clapham the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to Church.

?ut in Execution an Act, passed in the Fourteenth ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for vesting a Piece of Waste Ground within,

" and Parcel of, the Manor of Clapham, in the County of Surrey, in Trustees, and for enabling them to build a new Parish Church thereon," whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition j and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared

to

ly Geo. III.

140 Februariu

i85

to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. I!ri llicmFranks-, Clerk to the Trustees, being examined, said. That in pursuance of the said Act, £.6,000 was borrowed, at £. 4 per Cent. — that he filled up the Ronds.'

And he produced to your Committee, an Account of Money raised and expended towards building the said Church; and also, an Account of Bills unpaid, and Work contracted for; whereby it appeared, that the Sum of ,£.7,719. 11 s. 6d. was raised towards building the said Church; that £.7,686. 2 2d. has

been already expended in the Building; and that .£.1,368. i8a\ id. now remains due for Bills unpaid, and Work contracted for, in order to complete the Whole. — Then,

Kenton CovJ'c, Esquire, who w'as employed as Sur*

veyor, being examined, informed your Committee, That a Contract was entered into with John Ilanfcomb, for building the Church at £.5,000. — that he was present when it was agreed upon, but not at the Signing.

And being asked. Whether any other Olfers were made for building the Church besides Mr. he said. Several; that when the Church was agreed to , be built, it w'as advertised for People to deliver in Proposals; and, in Consequence, several were delivered iii; that they were very wide from one another, and M first were delivered in Part; that, upon the Whole, Mr. Ilanfcomb's, tho’ not the lowest, was thought by the Trustees to be the moll eligible.

That there W’ere some Exceptions in the Contract — that in case the Ground should require a deeper Foundation, the extra Work was to be paid for at a certain Price; and also, if Piling or Planking was necessary, it was to be paid for separately; that the Common is all a Flat; and the Consequence was, that when the Spot of Ground was fixed upon exactly, and the Contractor began to dig, it was found to be of all Sorts of Soil — Part of it was a hard Rock of Gravel, some Part of it Clay, and some Part a Sand; the Whole was exceedingly full of Springs; that the Witness informed the Truliees of it, and many of the Gentlemen were there, and had a View; — that they directed the Witness to give such Orders as he thought proper for the Security of the Building^ which he did, by directing the Foundation to be piled and planked; that it was raised higher titan was proposed, in order to get above the Springs; and the Witness said. That was one of the chief Articles for exceeding the Expence; — that there was besides an Exception in the Contract, of the Pulpit, Altar, and Reading Delk; — and in the Church Yard, Drains were to be made, which were not then thought of--that Locks to the Pews were not mentioned in the Contract — that about Two Thirds of the Foundation of the Church was piled, and the Whole of it planked.

The Piling, Planking, and raising the

additional Brick Work to the Foun- £. s. d.

dation, amounted to about - - 820-----

The Altar came to - - - - 310-----

The Pulpit and Delk - - - - no----

Some additional Pews that were made, .

and Alterations in the Galleries, came to 275 ——

The Locks to the Pews came to - - 72 — —

The Bellfounder’s Bill for Four Bells - 238 ——

Clockmaker, for a Clock and Dial , 144 — —

A Time-Piece within the Church - - 8 8 —

Painting the Commandments came to - 20 — - —

Draining the Church Yard came to - 106 — —

Bringing in Ground colt - - - 126 — —

The Smith’s Bill for a Grate came to - 6 14 —

Vol. 36.

Total - £.2,236 a —

ITie Witness said, That he taxed those Bills, and t conceives them to be right. — Then,

Mr. Franks being again examined, said. He never heard that Mr. Ilanfcomb offered to contract for less than £. 5,000.

And being asked. Whether any Objection was made to the Contractor who offered for less, viz. to his being capable or responsible ? he said. He did not know that there was.

And being asked. If Mr. Ilanfcomb acts in any Capacity in the Parish ? he said. He is one of the Assessors of the Land Tax; — that he was, and, at first, aided as a Trullee, but not since the Contract.

And being asked. Whether the other Contractors did not offer proper Security for the Performance of their Contract ? he said. He did not recollect, —

And,

Mr. Couse being again called, was asked. Who gave the Orders for the extra Works ? he said, The Committee.

And being asked, Why Mr. Hanfcomb was preferred to the lower Contractors ? he said, He wras asked by fijme of the Trustees, Whether he thought that Mr. llanfcomb's Proposal of £.5,000 was extravagant? that he told them, Nof upon which they then determined to take Mr. Ilanfcomb.

And being asked, Whether he gave any Reason why they should prefer Mr. Ilanfcomb's Proposal of£. 5,000

to the other of £.4,750? he said, He had no Reason for preferring Mr. Hanfcomb's Proposal.

And being asked, Whether he thought that Carrick and Burton, who offered to contract for £.4,750, could

afford to do it in a proper Manner for that Sum ? he said. He thought not; he thought they would be out 1 of Pocket by it,-but he did not tell the Trustees, so.

And being asked. Whether he ever gave an Estimate of the Expence of Building the new Church previous to the Contract? he said, No; but he had formed one in his own Mind; and when the Drawing was approved of by the Gentlemen, he believes he told them it would come to about £.5,300.

And being asked. Whether the £.5000 contracted for was to complete the Church in such a Manner as that Divine Service might be performed in it? he said. No; the Pulpit, Delk, and Altar, were postponed.

And being asked, Whether painting, glazing, and every other Necessary, were not to be done ? he said.

Yes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to render more effectual an A&., made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for veiling aPiece of Waste Ground within, and Parcel of, the Manor of Clapham, in the County of Surrey, in Trustees, and for enabling them to build a new Parish Church thereon: And that Mr. Sea wen, Sir Joseph Mctwbey, and Mr. Thrale, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Brett presented to the House, according to Or- Clarke* der, a Bill to enable Jovoife Clarke, Esquire, and the Name.

Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Jervoise, pursuant to the Will of Thomas

Jervofe, Esquire, deceased: And the same wras received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, TunftaU Meadows, Pastures, and other uninclosed Grounds, Inclosure. within the Township of Tunfall, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cecil Wray, Sir James Pennyman, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

3 B The

i86 140 Februarii. . 1777.

Bumtifland The Ix>rd Advocate of Scotland reported from the Two I'cnnics Committee, to whom the Petition of the Provoit, Ma-cots* gift rates, ami Town Council, of the Borough of Burnt-ijlatul, in North Britain) was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the same was read; and is as followdth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act of Parliament, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or the Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale vended or sold within the Town of Bumtifland, and Liberties thereof, for increasing the Public Revenue of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and also another Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of his late Majesty, for reviving and continuing the said Act, were read. And,

Captain Alexander Christie, being examined, said. That the Monies collected by virtue of the said Acts have been duly applied; and that the Purposes for winch the said Duties were laid cannot be completed within the Term granted by the said Acts (which Term is now near expiring) unless the said Act is further continued; and that the continuing thereof will be of great Advantage to the Community of the said Borough, and to the Public.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for continuing Two Acts, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for laying u Duty of Two Pennies or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale, vended or sold within the Town of Bumtifland, and Liberties thereof, for increasing the Public Revenue of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland and Mr. Wcmyfs do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Thames Mr. Alderman Oliver presented to the House, ac-N&vigation. cording to Order, a Bill for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, to purchase the present Tolls and Duties payable for navigating upon the River Thames, Weitward of London Bridge, within the Liberties of the City oi London; and for layinga finallToll in lieu thereof, for the Purpose of more effectually completing the said Navigation: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Jte/olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

Letter* of The Lords ltave agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Marque; for enabling the Commissioners for executing the Office Colours" of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, to grant Commissions or Letters of Marque to the Commanders of private Ships and Vessels, employed in Trade, or retained in His Majesty’s Service, to take and make Prize of all such Ships and Vessels, and their Cargoes, as are therein mentioned, for a limited Time; with foine Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords delirc the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Confutation.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as fulloweth; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 1. Leave out "Letter of Marque," and insert " Commission."

Pr. 5.1. 6. Leave out " Letter of Marque," and insert "Commission."

Pr. 5.1. 7. Leave out " Letter of Marque," and insert " Commissioned."

16

In the Title of the Bill, 1. 3, Leave out " or letters " of Marque."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Quell km severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Charles J Chit worth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Alderman Oliver reported from the Committee, Finfl-urv, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common e' Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee . had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as iol-loweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An authenticated Office Copy of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

" An Act to enable the Reverend " Doctor in Divinity, Prebendary of the Cathedral " Church of Saint Paul, London, to make and grant " unto the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, of " the City of London, a Leal’e of the Prebcndal Estate " of Halliicell and FinJbunj, in the Suburbs of the said

" City, for a Term of Ninety-nine Years," was read.

And,

Mr. Joseph Buflmanproduced to your Committee a

Lease from the said Christopher Wilson to the City of London, of the Estate, and for the Term above mentioned, granted in Consequence of the said Act;

Then,

Mr. James Peacock, Assistant Surveyor to the City of London, said. That in pursuance of the said Lease,

Part of the old Buildings on the said Estate have been pulled down, and other Buildings erected thereupon, and that the Petitioners are proceeding to lay out the rest of the Premises into proper Squares and Streets, for the Erection of Buildings for the Merchants and others, according to the intention of the said Act; and he apprehends the improvement of the said Estate will be of great Advantage to the Parties, as well as the Public in general.

And the Witness produced to, Your Committee a PIan, describing such Parts of the said Premises as have been let for the Purpose of building upon, and said.

That it will be necessary to have-proper Drains and Sewers for carrying off the Water from fuel) intended new Buildings, as also for draining other Parts of the said Estate.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, to ntake proper Drains and Sewers, in the Prebendal Estate of Finsbury, and in

the Suburbs of the said City, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; And that Mr. Alderman Oliver,

Mr. Alderman Bull, Mr. Alderman IIay ley, Mr. Alderman Saivbridge, and Mr. Recorder of London, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for building a Bridge across the River Sevsm Bridge

from or near a Place called Preen'sEddy, in the Parish p atF, of Brofeley, to or near a Place called The Sheep Wash, reen in the Parish of Sutton Maddock, in the County of Salop; and for making proper Roads and Avpnues to and from the same, was read a Second Time.

Refulved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. gon, Mr. Baldwyn, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and allotting the several Open Boynton

and

Militia Pay and Ooihin*

America;

Hill 10 detain suspected Per fouj.

.17 Geo. III. 140 Februarii. 187

and Common Fields, Failures, and other uninclosed Grounds, within the Township oi Boynton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Rill be committed to Sir James Pennyman, Sir Cecil I fray, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, At Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill fn* defrayin'? the Charge of the Pay and Clot kin': of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 'Twenty-

fit Lu ilav of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seven tv-seven, was read a Second Time.

R:faired, That the Bill he committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole Ilollle

R fohrd, That this I louse will, upon Mondag Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Poor; they were

called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of Loin Conunon Council

assemblerf.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read: Setting forth, That the Petitioners have seen a Bill depending in the House, to empower His Majesty to secure and detain Persons charged with, or fuipetted of, the Crime of High Treason, committed in North , or on the High

Seas, or the Crime of Piracy; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioners are appre-lienfive it will create the greatest Uneafmefs in the Minds of many of 11 is Majesty’s good Subjects, and tend to excite the most alarming Ditlurbances, all Persons indiscriminately being liable, upon the Ground of Suspiciou alone, without any Oath made, and without convening the Parties, or hearing what, they can alledge in their own Jollification, to be committed to a remote Prison in any Corner of the Realm, there to remain without Bail or Muiuprize; and that the Habeas Corpus, which is the great Security of the Liberties , of the People, will be suspended; and that the Petitioners are deeply affected with what they conceife will be the dangerous Consequence of such a Law, as, from little Motiv es of Kefcntment, and various other Inducements, there may be Persons competent to commit, who may be tempted to exercise that Power in its utmost Latitude and Extent; and that Measures so violent and unconstitutional, so lubverlive of the faored and fundamental Rights of the People, and subjecting them to the most cruel Opprefiion and Bondage, will, in the Judgment of the Petitioners, be introduftive of every Species of Mil’chief and Consulion, and thereby precipitate the impending Ruin of this Country: The Petitioners therefore earnestly beseech the House, That the said Bill may not jKifs into a Law; or at load, to take such Care as in their Wisdom may seem meet, to prevent it from being extended, in its Operation or Construction, to any of His Majesty’s Subjects resident in these Kingdoms.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to empower His Majesty to feourc and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of High Treason, committed in North America, or on the High Seas, or the Crime

of Piracy, was committed.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported

from the Committee of the whole I louse, to whom the said Bill was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read , Yol. 36.

the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, iu at the Clerk’s^Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time; One by One; and, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That nothing therein contained shall be construed to be Piracy, but what is committed on the High Seas.

- The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual suppressing " of Piracy," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put therupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that no Person shall be secured or detained under this Act, for Treason, or Suspicion of Treason, unless such Person shall be expressly charged to have been locally resident in his Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in North America, at the Time he shall be charged with, or suspected of, committing such Treason.

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,| JJj;

14-

Tellers for the Noes,|^r^^rCa^Z/

J49*

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Biff, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Mondag Morning next, if the said Bill Avail be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and Halifax, enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty- &c-

third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for divert- Roads-ing, altering, widening, repairing, and amending, the Roads from the Town of Halifax, and from Bridge, in the County of York, by Todmorden, to Burnley and Littleborough, in the County of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. MeUi/h,

Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for1 enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Eland Acts, passed in the Fourteenth and Twenty-sixth Years to of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road leading from Eland to the Town of Leeds, in the 0 a* West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir George Savile, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Hill presented to the House, according to Whittington Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons Inclosure. or Waste Lands, within the Manor of , in

the County of Salop: And the same was received; and read the first Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Ways

ing *d Meats.

-Supply.

King’s Mciburn Inclosure.

Thorner

Inclosure.

Worlled

Yarn

Spinners*

Ditto;

188 140 — 170 F. 1777.

irtg next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself Into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna,170 die Februarii;

Anno i7# Georgii IIIUi Regis, 1777.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Lordship of King's Meabum, in the Parish of More-

land, in the County of West, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Lordship of King's Meabum, in the Parish of Moreland, in the County of Westmoreland.

Ordered, That General H do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Commons or Waste Grounds, Open Common Fields, undivided Inclosures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Thorner, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons or Waste Grounds, Open Common Fields, undivided Inclosures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Thorner, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir John Goodricke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of Combing Wool, Worlled Yam, and Goods made from Worlled, in the Counties of York, ter, and Chester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Egerton, kc.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

.. A Petition of the Manufacturers of Combing Wool, Worlled Yam, and Goods madC from Worsted, in the Counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and representing to the House, that the Frauds and Abuses committed in the said Manufactures might in a great Measure be prevented, if a Part of the Drawback of the Duties allowed for Soap used in the said Manufactures was applied to the Payment of proper Inspectors, to be appointed to oversee and detest such Frauds: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the above Purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in

the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the' said Petition,

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Syst.m and Common Fields, Meadows, and Failures, in the hiuumrf. Parish of Syflon, in the County of and several

Parcels of uninclosed Land in the Parish of in

the said County of Leicester, lying within the Ring of the said Fields, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Staunton, Mr. Wollaston, kc.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bukec# for veiling the several Rectories, Parlonages, Churches* Manchefl o and Chapels, of Rockbume, Becamorc, Charford, Hale, Whitsbury, and Quidejlcy, with the Glebe Lands,

Tithes, and other Appurtenances, thereto respectively belonging, Part of the settled Estate of the Moll noble George Duke of Manchcfcr, in Trustees, upon certain Trusts therein expressed; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments of the said Duke, in lieu thereof, to the several Uses therein mentioned, wits read a Second Time.

Rcjblved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Byrtg, the Lord Ongley, kc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

Mr. Parker presented to the House, according to Brent Bridge Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging to.

'the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year GGate5 of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road. High Road leading from Brent B, in the County of Devon, to Gajking Gate, in or near the Borough of , Plymouth, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

A Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Halifax, small Debts, within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, &c-Kighlexj, Bingley, Guiseley, Calverl, Bailey, 058 1 Dtbts‘

Mirfield, Hartishead cum Clifton, Almondbury, ton, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York; and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Courts Baron of the Honour of Pontefract, Manor of Wakefield, and Manor of Bingley, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Goodricke, Sir George Savile, kc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for Repairing and widening the Road from the Skiptoa Town of Skipton, to the Turnpike Road leading from R-oad.

Leeds to Ripon, near Okbeck, in the Township of Bilton with Harrogate, in the West Riding of the County of York,’; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Goodricke, Sir George Savile, kc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir John Goodricke reported from the Committee, to Ditto, whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants, of the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the

I Ioulb;

Leeds

to

Hii>on

Roads.

Forward’s

Common,

dee.

Roi«J.

17 Geo. III. 1 f Fehruarit. 189

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- through the Bill* and made several Amendments there-Vvards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the unto; which they had directed him to report to the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at Robert Stockdale, being examined, said. That the Road the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once

from the Turnpike Road, leading from Leeds to Ripon, read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by

through the Town of High Harrogate, to communicate One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon; with tlieTnrnpike Road WornKnaresboroughiolVetiia-by, were agreed to by the House.

Which is about Three Miles, or thereabouts, in Length, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be is in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be amended and ingrossed. kept iu Repair by the ordinary Course of Law; and

that, if the same was properly amended, and kept in An iiigrofled Bill to enable John Eames, a Minor;

Repair for the future, it would be a great Advantage to and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of,

the Country, and of public Convenience and Utility. pursuant to the Will of John , Esquire, deceased,

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Commit- was read the Third Time, tee, to whotn the Bill for repairing and widening the Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Road from the Town of Skipton, to the Turnpike Road be. An Act to enable John ,a Minor; and his leading from Leeds to Ripon, near Okbeck, in the Towm Issue, to take and uft; the Surname of Waight, pur-ship of Billon with Harrogate, in the West Riding of the suant to the Will of John Waight, Esquire, deceased.

County of York, is committed; that they have Power Ordered, That Mr. James Worjley do carry the Bill to make Provision in the said Bill," for repairing and to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, widening the Road from the said Turn pike Road leading from Leeds to Ripon, through the Town of High liar- An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting; and in*

rogate, to communicate with the Turnpike Road from closing the Open and Common Fields, Common Knaresborough to Welherby. Paftnres, Common Meadows, and other Commonable

Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Mr. Lawrence presented to the House, according to Parish of Holcot, in the County of Northampton, was Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term, and Powers, read the Third Time, of Two Acts of Parliament, One passed in the 25th Rejoiced, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title -Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Open and Common Fields, Common Paliures, Com Roads from the Town of Leeds, through Har- mon Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and " wood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosures Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of " of Harrogate, and from thence in Two Branches Holcot, in the County of Northampton.

" (One through Ripley over Burage Green, and the Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

" other through Knaresborough and Boroughbridge)to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Rijion, and from thence to the First Rill of Water or

‘‘ Watercourse on Hutton Moor, in the County of York, A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from' Gfafcney, " and for repairing the Sloughs or Rutts on the said Grateney to Moffat, and thence to the Confines of the &c-

" Moor;" and the other, pafletl in the 29th Year County of Dumfries, with the Counties of Peebles and Rood*,

of his said Majesty’s Reign, to explain and amend Lanark, and the Road from Dumfries to And

the said first-mentioned Act, with respect to those Parts also the Road from Annan to Langholm; and for con-of the said Roads from Harrogate, through Ripley and vesting the Statute Labour within the said County of Ripon, to the North Fail Corner of Hutton Moor, and Dumfries into Money, and for applying the same

from the Tall End of Kirby Hill Moor to the Town of towards repairing the Highways within the same

Ripon aforesaid: and the same was received; and read County, was read a Second Time,

the First Time. Rejoiced, That the Bill be committed to Major

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Laurie, Mr. Pulteney, See.And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Mr. Goddard reported from the Committee, to whom Chamber, the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his A Bill for dividing and inclosing a Common Moot', Langfcr iafe Majesty King George the Second, intituled, " An or Tract of Waste Ground, called Lees Fell, otherwise ludolw*. " Act for widening and repairing the Road from Morralee, and Struther'sCommon, and Hagbank, within " Combe Bridge, in the County of Somerset, to the Barony or Manor of Langley, and in the Parish of " Bradford, in the County of Wilts; and from thence Warden, in the County of Northumberland, was read a " through Hilperton, and lo far over Ashton Common as Second Time.

" to join the Road which leads from Steeple Ashton to Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas " Trowbridge; and also the Road leading from Bradford Clavering, Sir William Middleton, Sec.-. And they are " aforesaid to Cockhill Gale, in the said County of to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Wills;" and for amending and widening the Road Speaker’s Chamber, from the Town of Bradford aforesaid, to Wingfield

Common; and from Pippet Street in the said Town, to Sir Thomas Clavering reported front the Committee, Horndilf The Three Oaks on Bradford Leigh Common;and from to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Inclosure,

thencethrough Woolly, to join the llolt Turnpike Piece of Common, or Waste Ground, lying in the VII*

Road on Fortcards Common; and also the Road from lages of and in the Parish

Staverton Bridge, through llolt, to Ellbridge, in the of Norham, in the County of was committed;

Parish of Bradford aforesaid, was committed; and to That the Committee had examined, and found that whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of are thereunto subscribed. Inhabitants of the Tythings 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied, of Lye, Woolley, and Holt, in the Parish of Bradford, with; and that the Committeehad examined the Alle-and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of Wilts, gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; was referred; That no Counsel appeared in Behalf of and that the Parties concerned had given their Copfent the said Petition; and that the Committee had exa- to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and dime to be true; and that the Committee had gone made several Amendments thereunto; which they had Vql. jtf. 3 C directed

£arties*

Name*

Inclosure.

v

Aguiton’t

Nat.

A ft hall to

Auckland

Road.

hr;>wick

luclusure.

ioo 1st Februarii. A. 1777.

directed him <0 report to the House; and he read the Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, or Waste Ground called , or SI

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where Turf Moor, in the Parish of Shapwick.,in the County the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then of Somerset And the same was received; and read the a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question First lime.

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. RefoThat the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

in "rolled. Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom Rednal

0 the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Com- bidoftire.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act mons, or Waste Grounds, within the Township of for naturalizing William Aguiton, was read a Second Rednal, in the Parish of 11 in the County of

Time. Salop, was re-committed; That the Committee had

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alder- made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they man Wilkes, Mr. Tonmjhend,&c.: And they are to had directed him to report to the House; and he read meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Speaker’s Chamber. Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:'

W here the Amendments were Once read throughout;

Mr. Winchcombe Hartley) reported from the Commit- and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the tee, to whom the Petit ion of several Gentlemen, Free- Question severally put thereupon, several of them w ere holders, and others, of the Counties of Oxford and disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the Berks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Be- House; and several Amendments were made, by the half of themselves and others, was referred; That the House, to the Bill.

Committee had examined, and found that the Handing Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Orders of the House, of the 2.5th of April 1774, re- ingossed. lative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and

that the Committee had examined the Matter of the A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Birmingham laid Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, thereunto subscribed was presented to the House, and Theatre, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the’ read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Votes, That a Petition has been presented, for the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is Leave to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty as followeth; viz. to license a Theatre at and that the

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Petitioners apprehend, that the licensing a Theatre in Marnier, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Road the Town of Birmingham will be disagreeable to the from the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Act hall, in major Part of the Inhabitants, and prejudicial to the the County of Oxford, through Brize Norton, and over Interest and Trade of the said Town: And therefore Ven Bridge, to The Crofts, in Bampton, and from thence praying the House to take the Premises into Considera-to the Turnpike Road near Buckland in the County of tion, and permit them to be heard, by their Counsel,

Berks, is in many Parts narrow, and iu some Places at the Bar, and to grant them such Relief as to the subject to be overflowed; that if the said Road (except House flia.ll seem meet.

that Part from Ven Bridge to The CroJ's, in Bampton, r Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the being One Mile and an Half and Thirteen Chains, Table, until the Bill for enabling His Majesty to license which is directed to be repaired by an Act of Parlia- a Play house in the Town of Birmingham, in the County ment passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His of Warwick, be brought in present Majesty, was properly widened and turned, and

proper Bridges built where necessary, so as to render Mr. Phelips reported from the Committee, to whom Willoughby the same safe and commodious at all Times for Car- the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed in riages and Passengers, it would be of great Benefit to and by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty- all Persons travelling the said Road, and of public ninth/Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Convenience. the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and

And the Witness said. That the Trustees for put- " widening tlje Road leading from the Eighteen-Mile ting the said Act of the Eleventh Year of the Reign " Stone, beyond Willoughby Hedge, through the Town of his present Majesty into Execution, have caused a " of Mere, in the County of and through Gate to be erected at Ven Bridge aforesaid, near the " canton, to Char let on Horefhorne, and from thence to

Side of the present Turnpike Road between Whitney) " Milborn Port, and from Willoughby) Hedge aforesaid, and Clatftield, at which Gate all Persons who travel the " to the West End of Lane, in and

Road proposed to be repaired, will be obliged to pay " from aforesaid, to the Turnpike

the like lolls for passing only One Mile and an Half " CroJ's Gale, on Cattle Hill, and from to

and Thirteen Chains upon the said Turnpike Road, as " Sparkford, in the County of was referred;

Persons who travel the whole Road between Galley)Hill That the Committee had examined, and found that and Clanjidd, which is about Seven Miles. the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of

That, as the Trustees for the Care of the last-men- April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been com-tionrd Road have been at some Expence in repairing plied with; and that the Committee had examined the the Mile and 1 lalf and Thirteen Chains of Road afore- Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to-said, it is proposed to make them a full Compensation report the fame, as it. appeared to them, to the House; for all the Money they have expended upon that Piece and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards of Road, and likewise a reasonable Allowance towards delivered it in at the Clerk’s 'I'able: Where the same keeping the same in Repair for the future. was read; and is as followeth;

Ordered, That I^avc be given to bring in a Bill for 1 o prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road said Act was read: And,

leading from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Mr. Moulton , being examined, said. That

Act hall, in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the to or near Badland, in the County of Berks: And said Act, and have borrowed a qonsiderable Sum of that Mr. Winchcombe Hartley and Mr. Elwes do pre- Money upon the Credit thereof; which, together with pare,‘and bring in, the fame. the Tolls collected, have been duly applied in the

Execution of the said Act.

Mr. Waller presented to the House, according to That the Sum of £.4,000, together with an Arrear

of

Brewton

Roads*

Prints;

Encouragini the Arts of

Dfsigning,

Ike.

17 Geo. III. 17° Februarii. 191

of interest, now remains due; which cannot be paid mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; off, and the said Road kept in Repair, unless the Term and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared and Powers of the said Act are continued and en- to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his larged. Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow-continuing an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of eth;

the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widen- To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An ing the Road from the Eighteen-Mile Stone, beyond Act of Parliament, of the Eighth Year of his late Ma-Willoughby Hedge, through the Town of Mere, in the jesty, and also an Act of the Seventh Year of His pre-County of Wits, and through lVincantonto Charlton sent Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Arts of

J font horn, and from thence to MilbornePort, and from ddigning, engraving, and etching, Historical and other Willoughby Hedge aforesaid, to the West End of Long Prints, by veiling the Properties thereof in the In-Lane, in Kilmington, and from Wincantonaforesaid, to veutors and Engravers, during the Time therein

the Sherborn Turnpike Cross Gate, on Cattle llill, and limited, were read. Then,

from Wincantonto Spar If or d, in the County of Somcr- Vulenli/ie Green, Esquire, and Mr. John Hall,' pro-

set: And that Mr. Phelips and Mr. Core do prepare, duced to Your Committee many spurious and base

and bring in, the fame. Copies of Prints, engraved and vended with a view to;

impose on the Public, and to make them pais for the Mr. Phelips reported from the Committee, to whom original Prints of eminent Artists, which Practice is a the Petition of icvcral of the Trullees appointed in great Discouragement and serious Loss to the said Ar-and by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty- tills: And the Witnesses proved, that it has become a ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George Practice for inferior Artists to engrave ordinary Prints, the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and and to affix thereto the Names of Artists known and " widening several Roads leading from and near the esteemed by the Public, in order to give to the same a " Town of Breu ton, in the County of Somerset," and Credit with the Public, by which fraudulent Practice also of several Persons who have lent Money on the the Reputation of the Painter, and the Fortune and Credit of the said Act, was referred; That the Com- Reputation of the Engraver, suffer essentially, as there mittee had examined, and found that the Standing is no Penalty inflicted by the former Acts on Persons Orders of the lloufe, of the 25th of April 1774, guilty of such Forgeries.

relative to Turnpike Rills, had been complied with , It further appeared, that the Penaltiespreferibed by

and that the Committee had examined the Matter the former Acts, for punishing the Piracies of Prints, of the said Petition; and had directed him to report are so small, that Persons are discouraged from prose-the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and cu-ing such Offenders; and moreover, that the Time he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deliver- allotted for the Commencement of Actions for thg cd it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was Recovery of Penalties is so short, that many Offenders read; and is as followeth; viz. escape Punishment.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition', the 1 Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for-said Act was read. And, amending, and rendering more effectual. Two Acts of

Mr. Morton Meffiter, being examined, said. That Parliament, One made in the Eighth Year of the Reign

pu[suant to the Directions of the said Act, a con- of his late Majesty, and the other in the Seventh Year iiderable Progress has been made in amending the said of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Encourage-Road; in the doing of which, the Tolls authorized by ment of the Arts of designing, engraving, and etching, the Act to be taken, and a Sum of Money bor- Historical and other Prints; and for making further rowed on the Credit thereof, have been duly applied; Provision to secure the Property of Prints to the but that the said Road cannot be completely amended Inventors and Engravers thereof: And that Mr.. ’

sind kept in Repair, and the Money so borrowed be GrevilleSir Charles Whitworth, and Sir Edward Ajlley,

paid off, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, do prepare, and bring in, the fame, and the Powers and Provisions thereof altered, amended,

and extended. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account

And, being further examined, he said. That the Account of the Investmerit of the Sum of Seven hun- Ordered j

Street or Road from the North End of CooPibe Street, dred and Ninety-nine thousand Nine hundred and in the Town of Brewlonafore fair I, through Cocnnbe Seventy-three Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Five

Street and Pattcell Street, to Dymond's River, are out Pence, in the Purchase of and Portugal Coins,

of Repair, and incommodious, and in some Parts too for the Use and Service of His Majesty’s Forces in' narrow: and that it is necessary, for the Accommoda- North America. tion and Safety of Piiffcngers, that the same should be

widened in several Pliices. The House, according to order, resolved itself into a M}j5t;a Piy

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for de- an<i

continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the fraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Clothing,

Powers, of an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty- Militia, in that Part of Great Britain, called England, ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for re- for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of pairing and widening several Roads leading from and A/wrc/i One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven. near the Town of Breuton, in the County of Somerset; Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

and for repairing and widening the Street from the Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Corn-

North End of ( .'01 an be Street, to the South EastSide of mittee.

Dymond's River, in the said Town of Brewton: And Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

that Mr. Phi lips and Mr. Core do prepare, and bring Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

in, - the fame. > That they had gone through the Bill, and made several

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him Mr. Grevillereported from the Committee, to whom to report, when the House will ple&fe to receive the

5 the Petition of William Woollet, Francis Bartolozzi, fame.

Thomas Watson, John Boydcll, Peter Maxell, Thomas Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow *

Major, II illiam IVynne Byland, P. C. Canot, Francis Morning.

Vivarcs.Paul Sandby, and William Byrne, Artists and

Dcligner.% and Engravers, of original Prints, on Behalf OThat Christian Heine ken, Esquirefdo, upon Lumber,

of themselves and others, was referred; That the Com- Wednesday Morning next, attend the Committee of the \ ol. 3b. , whole

Americi;

Bill to dettin Jufpected Period*.

Newctftle upon Tyoe Writ.

170 — 18" Februarii. A. i-j’j 7.

whole House, to whom it is referred to ponfider of allowing Lopiber to be carried in Ships, to the

/IV// India Islands, for a Time to be limited.

Ordered, That Jacob Hagen, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Alexander Douglas, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at tl»e same Time.

Ordered, That Brook Watfo Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That John Roberts Hawkins, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

The Bill, now ingrossed, to empower His Majesty' to secure and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of High Treason committed in North America, or on the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy, wa6, according to Order, read the Third Time.

An ingrotled Clause was offered to be added to the Bill by way of Kyder, That nothing therein contained Hi all extend to the same of any other Prisoners than such as shall have been in some or One of the Colonies, or on the High Seas, at the Time of the Offences wherewith they shall be charged; and is as followeth; viz.

Provided also, and it is hereby Declared, That nothing herein contained is intended, or shall be con-llrued, to extend to the same of any other Prisoner or Prisoners than such as shall have been in some or One of the Colonies before mentioned, or on the High Seas, at the Time or Times of the Offence or Offences wherewith he or they shall be charged.

'I'he said Cianfe being read the Second Time;

Several Amendments were proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Words " in some or

One of the Colonies before mentioned, or on the " High Seas," and inserting inliead thereof, the Words out of the Realm;" and at the End of the Clause to add these Words, " or of which he or they shall be " fufjje&ed."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Queliion Severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Clause, so amended, was read the Third Time; and, upon the Queliion put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder; and is as followeth;

Provided also, and it is hereby Declared, That nothing herein contained is intended, or shall be construed, to extend to the same of any other Prisoner or Prisoners than such as shall have been out of the Realm at the "l'ime or Times of the Offence or Offences wherewith he or they shall be charged, or of which he or they shall be suspected.

A Motion was made, and the Queliion being put, That the Bill do pass;

The I louie divided.

The Yeas went forth,

112.

35*

Tellers for the Yeas, #

Tellors for ,he Xo«, j e }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain Persons charged with, or fuipefted of, the Crime of High Treason, committed m any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament fqr the Town of Ne upon Tyne, in the County of Northumberland, in. the room of Sir Waiter

Blackett, Baronet, deceased.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the an<* Me*"‘ whole House, to confides further of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Supply,

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Marttsy 18° die Februarii;

Anno 17* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1777.

Pr AYERS. I

MR. Ord, from the Select Committee, w'ho were shafteftury appointed to try and determine the Merits of Eleaion. the Petition of the Honourable Bartholomew,

and also the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Shaftesbury, severally complaining of an

undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That George Rous, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Shaftesbury, in the County of DorJ

And the said Determination was ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Homclif Piece of Common, or Waste Ground, lying in the VII- . /uclolure' lages of Horncliff'and Horncliff Lone End, in the Parish

of Norham, in the County of Durham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Piece of Common, or Waste Ground, lying in the Villages of Horncliff’tend Horncliff' Lone End, in the Parish of Norham, in the County of Durham.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clavering do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee, Hitters;

to whom the Petition of the several Hat Makers, and regulating others concerned in the Hat Manufactory of Fur and die Trade. Wool, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, One passed in the Eighth Year of Queen -beth, intituled, "An Act for uttering of Caps, and " for true making of Hats and Caps;" and the other passed in the First Year of James the First, intituled,

" An Act for the better Execution of former Laws touching the making of Hats and Felts, and for the " more Rellraint ofunfkilful and deceivable Workmanship there used, ta the Wrong of all the Sorts of

" People in this Realm," were read: And,

Mr. Philip Coxe,a Hatmaker, resident in

being examined, informed your Committee, That there is at present a great Scarcity of Hands in the Hat Trade, which is occasioned by the Restraints laid thereon, with respect to the taking of Apprentices, by the fakl Acts of Parliament: That he had been in Trade Twenty-five Y'ears, in which Time it was much increased, and he had often wanted Hands: That there have lately been Combinations among the Journeymen*

zz which

18° Februarii.

17 Geo. III.

which they cull Congressks; and that they are at this Time all off, or abl'ent from their Work; by which Means the Trade is at a Hand: That formerly the Journeymen were paid according to previous Agreements between the Masters and them; but that in 1772 and 1775 the Men met in Congress, and made Demands of additional Prices, which the Masters were forced, in order to carry on their Trade, to submit to: That the Men have now met in Congress, and demand (exclu-iive of their former Prices for Labour, which was settled at a certain Rate for every Ounce of Materials worked up) Three Shillings a Week for Walking; which the Witness explained to be a Consideration paid by the Journeyman to another Person, for Permission to work in his Shop, in Cafes where his Employer had not Room for him in his own House, and which was understood to be included in the Price paid for manufacturing the Materials at so much Ounce/ and estimated at Six Pence a Day. — And being asked, How much a Journeyman Hatmaker can earn at the present Price? he said. Good ones got from i8x. to £.t. 5.?. per Week, inferior Workmen from i6x. to That Finhhers used to be paid iqs. a Week, and their Small Beer; they left oft’ working, and demanded £.1. ix. a Week, to work Two Hours less in a Day, but returned to Work again on the Masters paying 20X. a Week, and taking oft One Hour of working in a Day.

That the Journeymen, in their present Congress, had made certain Bye Laws: That they have not giyen to the Masters any written Projjofals, as they did formerly (several of which he produced to the Committee) but signifted to them, that they would adhere to the Demands of Increase of Wages that they had made: That the Congress have lately levied a Subscription from the Body of Journeymen of Two Pence a Week each Man; Five out of near Fifty Men whom he employed at that Time refused to pay it; in consequence ef which a large Body of them came to his Shop, and told him, he mult no longer employ those Five Men, as they had refused to comply with the Orders of the Congress; and all his other Men threatening at the same Time to leave him unless he discharged them, he was forced so to do: That One of these Five came to him last January, complained of his Distrefe for want of Employment, and desired to be fumished with Materials, which he would work up, and make a Bill of Parcels of the Goods, by which Means he thought the Congress could not deem him within their Bye Laws: That the Witness’s Partner gave him some Materials as he desired: That as soon as his Journeymen heard of it, they came in a Body, and said, That unless the Man was sent for, and the Materials so delivered to him to manufacture taken back, they would not work a Moment longer: That he was obliged to comply; and that they attended to see that the Man brought back the whole Quantity erf Materials which had been delivered to him; after which they demanded Three Guineas as a Recomi>enfe for their Loss of Time in attending to fee this Act of Justice, as they termed it; and upon the Witness’s abfoLtely refuling to submit to pay it, all left his Service, some of whom have since returned, at the Risque of incurring the Penalties indicted by the Congrets.

Mr. John Frederick Bernard, a Hat Maker, of Christ Church, in Surrey, being examined, confirmed the foregoing Evidence in general; and informed your Committee, That there are in the Hat Trade, a Sort of Masters, called Little Masters, whose Business is to manufacture Materials delivered to them to be worked up by the Master Hat Makers: That the Persons coming under this Description, are considered by the Journeymen as not entitled to take Apprentices; and tliata 11 his Men left him lately in a Body for employing One of the Persons called Little Masters, who had some Apprentices.

Vou 36.

Your Committee then called Mr one of the said Little Mailer Hatters, who being examined, informed your Committee, That about a Fortnight ago a Body of Journeymen Hat Makers came to his House, and asked, if he had any Materials to manufacture for a Matter whom they named; agd upon his acknowledging that he had, forbad him to finish it, and told him he never should have any more Work if he did: That they told his Apprentice that his Time should Hand good as he was already bound, but that if he took any more they would not work with him.

Mr. Coxe, being again called; produced to your Committee, an Account of the Number of Apprentices bound to the Felt Makers Company for the last fifty Years; by which it appeared, that the Number was lately much' diminished. And being asked

What is the Reason of that Diminution ? he said.

There are but about Fifty Masters in London, and the Environs, who work up their own Materials; each of whom taking Two Apprentices makes but One hundred in Seven Years; which number is. greatly di-mi milled by various Events: That, of the Persons called Little Masters, he believed not more than Twenty take Apprentices: That, since the Ad: of the Eighth of Queen Elizabeth, which limits the Number of Apprentices to Two for each Mailer (at that Time perhaps sufficient) the Hat Trade is much increased:

That the Trade has lately decreased in except

for fine Hats, those of a coarser Sort being made at Matichester, where labour is cheaper, and no such Re>* straints laid upon the Little Masters. And being If he considered the Scarcity of Journeymen Hat Makers in London as occasioned by the small Number of Apprentices to the Trade ? he said. He did.

Mr. William Coates, being examined, said. That the moll industrious of the Journeymen have been compelled by the Congresses to quit the Service of such Masters as would not comply with their Demands, and that it had happened to himself.

Your Committee then examined Mr. Thomas Davis, a Hat Maker; who said, That the Journeymen Hat Makers frequently exchange or embezzle a Part of the Materials delivered to them to manufacture; an Instance of which he related to the Committee. And he added, That the Laws against such Offences are very deficient, both with respect to the Conviction. of the Offender, and the Punilliment of the Receiver.

And he concluded his Evidence by saying. That an Act to regulate the Prices of Labour, the Hours of working, and the taking of Apprentices, is absolutely necessary to the well-being of the Hat Trade; which was confirmed by,

Mr. James Olivant,

Mr. George Jackson,

Mr. George Vaughan, and

Mr. John Collinj'on, all Master Hat Makers.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to regulate the Prices of Labour, the Hours of working, and the taking of Apprentices, in the Hat Manufactory: And that Mr. Alderman Harley, Sir Jofegh.

Maxcbcy, Mr. Polhill, and Mr. Alderman Oliver, dq prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Com- jyyetS) *c; mittee, to whom the Petition of several Master Dyers Regulating and Callico Printers, within the Counties of MiddleJbx, the Essex, Surrey, and Kent, in Behalf of themselves and Trade, all others carrying on the said Businesses in those Counties, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table;

Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An 3 D Act,

London Coni Meter’* Office.

194 18° Februarii. A. 1777.

Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act containing divers Orders " for Artificers, Labourers, and Servants of Husbandry,

" and Apprentices," was read; whereby it appeared, that the Petitioners are prohibited from employing any Persons in their Trades but such as have served an Apprenticeship thereto: And,

John Spiller, Esquire, being examined, said, That

he employs about Forty Men the Year round, out of which there are not above l'ohr that have served regular Apprenticeiliips: That they can’t find Men of the Trade to do their BuGness, for which Reason he is under the Necelftty of employing such labouring Men, or he could not go on with his Trade: That the Trade does not require that all the Men they employ should he brought up to it, common Labourers are sufficient; for there is a Part of the Trade that good Workmen will not do: That, on account of their employing Men not brought up to the Trade, Prosecutions have been carried on: That about Two Years ago the Witness employed a Man for some Time, who was a Journeyman Baker; and from him he went to work with Mr. Ilopkins, a Dyer — Then,

Mr. Joshua Hopkins, a Silk Dyer, being examined, laid. That he employed Thomas Saunders (the Man who left Mr. Spiller) all lall Year: That the Man was prosecuted upon the Statute for working at a Trade he had not served an Apprenticeship to; and that' it was adjudged, that the Penalty lay upon the Masters, and not upon the Journeymen; and the Journeyman was acquitted; in consequence whereof, the Matters are liable and threatened to be indicted, if they employ Persons not regularly bred to the Trade of a Dyer or Callico Printer.

And the Witness added. That they cannot carry on their Business without employing Labouring Men: That they would chuse Journeymen of the Trade if they could get them; and that there are certain Parts of their BuGness that regular Journeymen refuse to do.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to allow the Matter Dyers and Callico Printers, within the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, and

to employ Journeymen, in their respective Trades, who have not served Apprenticeiliips thereto: And that Mr. Alderman Harley, Sir Joseph Mr.

PoUiiU, and Mr. Alderman Oliver, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Evans, Gentleman, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An ‘Aft, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent Frauds " and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals sold by " Wharf Measure within the City of London, and Li ber-

ties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Li me house " Hole, in the County of M," was read; which said Act hath Continuance from the ill Day of June 1767, for the Term of Fourteen Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And,

Mr. William Hurford, being examined, said. That " he believes the Act has been of great Benefit to the Public: Then,

Mr. Marmaduke Thompson said, I Ie was clearly of Opinion that the said Act has been of BeneGt to the Public: That before the said Act passed, frequent Complaints were made of Frauds and Abuses being committed in the Admeasurement of Coals, within the Limits of the said Act; and that Gncc the said Act, he has heard of no Complaints of such Frauds

and Abuses; and that he apprehends if the said Act-was to expire, the like Frauds and Abuses would be again committed by several Persons who deal in Coals within the Limits aforesaid.

And the Witness added, That the said Act has pro--tested the fair Trader, and that the Continuance of it will be of great Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing, for a Time therein to be limited, an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals sold by Wharf Measure, within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex: And that Mr. Alderman Harley, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Folk ill, and Mr. Alderman Olivet’, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing so much of Three Acts, made in the Eleventh, Seventeenth, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, as relates to the Road leading from the North Side of Cavendish Bridge, in the said County of Dei-by, through the said Town of Derby, to Brafinglon, in the said County, and for making more effectual Provision for the Repair of the said Road: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, leading from a Gate in the Town and County o called Poole Gate; and for repealingTwo Acts of Parliament of the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Years of his late Majesty relating to the said Roads; and also for applying a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, towards paving, repairing, and widening, a certain Street or Way, within the said Town and County of Poole, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bond, Mr. Ewer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging several of the Powers, contained in an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road from the Turnpike Road between the Town and County of Poole and Winboum Minster, in the County of Dorset, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of in

the said County of Dorset, which leads from Bland ford Forum to Dorchester, was read a Second. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bond, Mr. Ewer, iic.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Wemyfs presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing Two Acts, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King the First, and

in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies or One

Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale, vended or sold within the Town of Burntisland and Liberties thereof, for increaGng the Public Revenue of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners or Occupiers of Estates, and Inhabitants,

Derby

to

Braflingtoa

Road.

Pool Gate Road.

Pod,

Road,

Bnratifland Two Pennies Scot*.

Halifax,

&c.

Road*.

Clarke’s

Name.

LeetU

thro*

fiaruood

Roads*

17 Geo III. 1 W Februarii. 195

ants, within the TowndiipS of St arts field., Wadsworth, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be and Midgley, in the Parish of Halifax, and County of ingrqfled.

York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting

forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Mr. reported from the Committee, to 9^4 ,

a Petition has been presented for Leave to bring in a whom the Petition of the principal Inhabitants, Ma- §nJu Debt*. Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, paged nufacturers, and Tradesmen, within the Parish of in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Ma- Sic inf or d, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford, jesty, for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and and the several Townships, Hamlets, and Places, within, amending, the Roads from the Town of Half ax, and the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had from Sowerby Bridge, in the County of York, by Tod- examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had morden, to Burnley and Littleborough, in the County directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, of l^ancaster;and for making such Alterations in the to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; said Act, with respect to Statute Duty, setting up Toll and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Bars, and other Matters, as the Petitioners apprehend Where flic same was read; and is as followeth , viz. will be highly injurious to them, and the Public in To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. general: And therefore praying, That, if a Bill be Joseph Robins, being examined, said. That within the brought in for the Purposes specified in the said Peti- laid Parish there are divers Manufactories of Iron, tion, they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, Glass, and Cloth, and other Trades, carried on in a against the fame, or such Parts there-of as may affect very extensive Manner, in which many Thousands of them, and that they may have such Relief in the Pre- Persons are conllantly employed; that Persons trading mises as to the House shall seem meet. within the said Parish contract several Small Debts,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the amounting Annually to a considerable Sum of Money; Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for and that although such Debtors are well able to pay continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the their Debts, refuse so to do, presuming on the Dif-Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of eouragement their Creditors lie under from the great the Reign of his late Majesty, for diverting, altering, Expences and Delays they meet with in suing for the widening, repairing, and amending, the Roads from fame.

the Town of Halifax, and from Sozcerby Bridge, in the And the Witness added. That if a more ealy and County of York, by Todmorden, to Burnley and Little- speedy Method of recovering Small Debts within the ,borough, in the County of Lancaster, is committed; said Parish of and the several Town ships,

and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Hamlets, and Places therein, was provided, the same Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Pe- would greatly contribute to promote Industry, and sup-tition, if they think fit. port and encourage Trade and Credit therein.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for tnittce. That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the within the Parish of Sioinford, in the Counties of laid Petition. Worcester and Stafford: And that Mr

and Mr. Lygon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to enable Jervoise Clarke, Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname Sir Watkin Williams Wynn reported from the Commit- Bala

and Arms of 'Jervoise, pursuant to the Will of Thomas tee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, n Jervoise, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second Time. and Freeholders of the County of Merioneth, whose Road*/ Rejoiced, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brett, Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition Mr. Bond, Sic.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, whose Names at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. are thereunto subscribed, were severally referred; That

the Committee had examined, and found that the Stand- Mr. Lawrence reported from the Committee, to ing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with;

Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the Twenty-fifth and that the Committee had examined the Matters Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report

the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and " Roads from the Town of Leeds, through liar- he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards dewood, to the South-West Corner of the Inclosures of livered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was " Harrogate, and from thence in Two Branches (One read; and is as followeth; viz.

" through Ripley over BurageGreen, and the other To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned

" through Knaresborough and Boroughbridge)to Ripon, Petition,

" and from thence to the First Rill of Water, or Water- Mr. Thomas Ellis, and Mr. David Rees, being exacourse, on Hutton Moor, in the County o (York, and mined, said, That the several Roads described in the

" for repairing the Sloughs or Rutts on the said Moor;" said Petition are in a ruinous Condition, narrow, and and the other, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of his incommodious in many Places for Passengers and Car-said Majesty’s Reign, to explain and amend the said riages, and cannot be amended and kept in Repair by firtl-mentioned Act, with respect to the Road from the ordinary Course of Law.

the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South- Then, to prove the Allegations of the second-West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, was mentioned Petition,

committed; That the Committee had examined the Mr. laid. That the Road leading from

Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be Toicyn, by through Taly Llyn, to join

true; and that the Committee had gone through the the Road from Dolgelly to Dinas Moicddy, and also Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which the Road from Llandrillo to in the County of

they had directed him to report to the House; and he Merioneth, are very much out of Repair, narrow, and read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered incommodious in many Places, and cannot be repaired the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s by the ordinary Methods prescribed by Law.

Table: Where the Amendments were Once read That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

throughout?; and then a Second Time, One by One; repairing and widening several Roads1 leading to and' and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, from the Towns of Bala and Dolgellcy, in the County of with an Amendment to One.of them, agreed to by Merioneth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the the House. Counties of Montgomery, Denbigh, and Salop: And

Vol. 30. that

Wallitiafen

ioriojure.

&c,

Leominster

Roads.

Militia Pay and

Clothing.

i96 18° Februarii. . 1777.

that Sir Walk in Williams Wynn and Mr. Grenville do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Winchcombe lfarlley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons, Owners and Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, a certain Common, or Stinted Paliure, called , in the

East Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774* relative to Bills of Drainage had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Levett, being examined, said. That the said Common, or Stinted Paliure, contains about 5,000 Acres, and in its present State is of little Value, and incapable of Improvement; and that he apprehends, that if the same was divided and inclosed, it would be of great Advantage to the Persons interested therein.

Then an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Commons, Low Grounds, and Carrs, in the Parish of Market Weigh ton, and other adjacent Parities in the East Riding of the County of and for making a navigable Cut or Canal from Market Weighton to the River Humber, was read. — And,

The Witness, being further examined, said. That in order to carry the Improvement of the said Common, or Stinted Paliure, into effectual Execution, it will be necessary to alter and amend forae of the Provisions of the said Act, and to drain the same into the said Cut or Canal — and that there is a sufficient Fall for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving, in

the East Riding of the County of York: And that Mr.

Wincfcombe Hartley, Sir George Savile, and Mr. Hartley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable Thomas Harley, Mortgagee under several Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty-second Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, leading into the Town of Leomiv, in the County of Hereford, was presented to the House, and read Setting forth. That, pursuant to Leave granted by the House upon the 25th Day of November last. Notices were given at the Christmas Quarter Sessions of the Peace held for the County of Hereford, and Advertisements inserted in the public Newspapers within the same County in the Months of December and January last of an Application to Parliament, for a Continuation of the Terms of the said Acts, in such and the like Manner as are required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1.774, of Applications intended to be made relative to Turnpike Bills: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Terms of the said Acts.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Foley, he.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the

l7.

Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clod ring of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, wrere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Herries do, Tomorrow Morning, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of allowing Lumber to be carried, in British Ships to The India Islands, for a Time to be limited.

Ordered, That Mr. ---- Hunter do attend the said

Committee, at the same Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Hett:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from The Maypole, in the Town of Ilenfield, over Poynings Common, to the Town of Brighthelmston, and from Poynings Common.

aforesaid, to High CroJ's, in the Parish of and from thence, for the Distance of Two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards Tu ineham, and from The Marie Pit, near the Bottom of -S Hill, in the Parish of Newtimber, to 7 Marie Pit fronting Nezctimber Broad Lane, in the same Parish, in

the County of Suffer; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, and from thence in Two Branches (one through Ripley, over Burage Green, and the other through Knaresborough and to

Ripon, and from thence to the First Rill of 'Water or Watercourse on Hutton Moor, in the County of York; and for repairing the Sloughs or Rutts on the said Moor; so far as the same relates to the Road leading from the South-Well Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, through Knaresborough, to Boroughbridge, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgefl'es, of the Town of Great Torrington, in the County of Devon, and other Truliees, to graijt Part of the Common, or Waste Lands, called Great Torrington Common, to William Cation, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, uud other the Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing George William Gerhard Berck,

Henry Albrecht Hammelburg, and Gunter Henry Kroger,

without any Amendment: And all'o.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Emejl Bernard Banning, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John CentUvres; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Marcellin Pernoud, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An

Lumber.

HenfieW,

&c.

Road.

Leeds

thro*

Knarefboroojh

Road.

Great T orrington Woollen Manufacture.

Soltau’s (and otheu) Nat.

Banning*!

Nat.

CentlivTes’

Nat.

Pernoud’s

Nat.

17 Geo. III.

8 — 19’ Pebrtmrit.

Kcdnal

Inclosure.

An ihgiroffedl Bill for dividing dtid inClodilg thb Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Township of Rednal, in the Parish of West. Felton, in the County of Salop, was read the Third Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Township of Rednal, in the Parish of Wieft Felton, in the County of Salop.

*97

" Branches (One through Ripley, over Bur age Green, " and the bther through Jtnq and Borough- bridge) to Bipon, and from thence to the First Rill " of Water, or Watercourse, on Hutton Moor, in the " County of York, and for repairing the Sloughs or " Rutts on the said Moor;" and the other, passed in.-the Twenty-ninth Year of ,his said Majesty’s Reign* to explain and amend the said first-mentioned Act, with respect tb the Road from the Town of Leeds,

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do chrty the Bill to the through Harwood, to the South-West Comer of the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

- > t j 0

And then the House1 adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

1

UAU

Tralandt

Iodosure.

Mercurii, 190 die Februarii;

Anno 17’ Georgii IIItf‘ Regis, 1777.

Pft ATETRS.

r\R D ERED, That Sir Thomds Egertoh be added

In'clbmres of liarrogate, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term, and continuing the Powers, of Two Acts of Parliament, One passed in Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for re* " pairing the Roads from the Town of through" " Harwood, to the South-West Comer of the Incfo»i " sures of Harrogate, and from thence inTwo Branches

" (One through Ripley, over Bttrage Green, and the " other through Knaresborough and " to Ripon, add from thence to the First Rill of " Water, or Watercoufe, on Hutton Moor, in the " County of York, and for repairing the Slonghs or " Rutts on the (hid Moorand the other, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of Hie said Majesty’s Reign* to explain and amend the said first-mentteined Act* with respect to the Road from the Town of

to the Gentlemen, who are appointed tb prepare, and bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer bfthe re-, through Harwood, to the South-West Comet of the tition of Sarah Gibson, Spinster, Lady of the Manor of Incfofures of Harrogate.

Yealands, in the Parish of Warton, in the County Ordered, That Mr.

Palatine of Lanoafter, George Toiimlcy, Esquire, George

Grey, Gentleman, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being severally Owners of Houses and Lands within the said Manor.

Lawrence do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

London

Mr. Howard reported from the Committee, to whom LebmihSer the Petition of the Right honourable Thomas Harley, Road*. Mr. Alderman Oliver presented to the House, ac- Mortgagee upder several Acts, passed in the Second C°Ot£c«er'S cor<^‘nff to Order, a Bill- for continuing, for a Time and Twenty-second Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, c*’ therein to be limited, an Act made in the Seventh for repairing the several Roads therein-mentioned.

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent leading into the Town of Leominster, in the County of Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals tiereford, was referred; That the Committee hadexa-sold by Wharf Measure within the City^f London, mined the Matter of the said Petition;, and had di-

~~ rested him to report the (feme, as it appeared to them,

to the House; and he read the Report in his Place? and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as foHaweth, viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Benjamin Treasurer to the said Roads, produced to your Committee, the Journals,

Commons, of the City of London, to ptfrehafe (he published on the 9th, 16th, and 23d Days of January

Thane*

Navigation.

and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and LimehauJ'e Hole,' in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, ancf

Wfcrttl IJgsfcHl Inclosure.

present lolls and Duties payable for navigating upon, the River Thames, Wbftward of Bridge, within

the Liberties of the City of London, and for laying, a finall Toll in lieu thereof, for the Purpose of more effectually completing the said Navigation, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Oliver, Mr. Alderman Harley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons or

1777, containing Notices, pttrfiuutet to the Leave of the House, granted upon the 25 th Day of November last.

And he said. That, pursuant likewise to the said Leave, a Notice was affixed upon the Door of the Shire Hall, in the City of Hereford, where the Sessions for the County of Hereford are held, at the last Epiphany Sessions.

The House was moved. That the Report,- which* upon the 25th Day of November last, was made front the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees to Two Acts, made in the Second and Twenty-

Waste Lands, within the Manor of Whittington, in the second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King‘

County of Salop, was read a Second Time

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. bert, Mr. Owen, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Reeds

thro’

Harwood

Roads.

George the Second, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, leading into the Town oiLeominster, in the County of Hereford, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term, and con- enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in tinuing the Powers, of Two Acts of Parliament, One the Second and Twenty-second Years of his late Ma-passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his jesty’s Reign, for repairing the several Roads thesein-late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, " An mentioned, leading into the Town of Leominster, in " Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds, the County of Hertford; And that Mr. Frederick " through Harwood, to the South-West Corner of the Cornaoall and Mr. Howard do prepare, and bring in, " Inclosures of Harrogate, and from thence, in Two the fame.

Voi.. ,}6. 3 £ Mr»

Agulton’s

Nat.

Winthorpe

Inclosure.

East India Company.

Westergatt

v^nclofuic.

Harris’s

Divorce.

Lumber.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

pqS i 90 — 20° Februariii/ 1777*

Mr. Strahan, re ported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing William Aguiton, Was committed; That the'Committee had examined the Allegations of, the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered, the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

' And this said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. t Ordered, That Mr. Strahan do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed

to the fame, without any Amendment.

7 . > <

Mr.' Chaytor presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; arid read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second'Time.

A Message from the'Lords, by' Mr; arid

Mr. Hett: i>. Mr. Speaker,

.-..the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend fa much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the AfTairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe, as relates to the Day on which the Annual Election of Directors of the said Company is to be made; without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing an Open Waste, or Common, called Westergate Common, in the Pur if h of in the County of Sussex;without any Amendment; And also,; -;

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Esquire,

with Elizabeth Martha Chi his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. '

And then the Messengers withdrew. 1

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the Firil Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a- Second Time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of allowing Lumber to be carried in Ships, to -The

West India Islands, for a Time to be limited;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pennant took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pennant reported from the Committee, That they had examined several Witnesses, and had made a Rrogress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of allowing Lumlier to he carried, in British Ships, to the West India Islands, for a Time to be limited.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; to consider further of Wa vs and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 18

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrow1 Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 20° die Februarii;

Anno 17? Georgii IIP" Regis, 1777* Prayers;

AN ingrossed Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth- D$y of MarchiO^xe thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George tl»e Second, intituled, "An Act for widening and repairing the Road from " Combe Bridge, in the County of SomerJ’et, to " ford, in the County of Wilts; and from thence il through I HI per ton, and so far over Common as

" to join the Road which leads from Steeple Ashton to " Trowbridge; and also the Road leading from " ford aforesaid, to CockhillGate, in the said County " of Witts ;' arid lor amending and widening the Road from the Town of Bradford aforesaid, to Wingfield Common; and from Pippet Street, in the said Town, to The Three Oaks, on Bradford Leigh Common; and from thence through Woolly, to join the Turnpike Road, on Fonoards Common; ami also the Road from Staverlon Bridge, through Ilolt, to Ellbridge, in the Parish of Bradford aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from. Combe Bridge, through Winjley and Bradford, to Staverlon Bridge, and to the Trowbridge Road on Ashton Common, and also the Road from Bradford Bridge to Cockhill Gate, all in the County of Wilts; and for making effectual Provision for maintaining a Bridge over the River Avon at Stokeford, in the same County.

Ordered, That Mr. Goddard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord Broicnloto Bertie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Leadcnham, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Grenville presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for building a new Church within the Town and Parish of Buckingham: And the same was received; anti read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing, aliigning and allotting, the Open and Common Field, and Commonable

ftfilttb Pay and Clothing*

Forward#

Common*

Ire.

Road*

Lcadcnhaor

Inclosure.

Buckingham new Church.

Ludgershall

Inclosure*'

Bag (hot

kwd.

Stretton

Xoclefuro.

Shirland

Inclosure*

Enfield

Chafe

Icciosure.

17 Geo. III. 20 FeiruariL 199

tie Land, lying Within the Field Liberties, Tetri tones, aiul Precincts, of Ludgershall, in the County of Buckingham > was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed to Mr. Grenville, Mr. Drake, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Henry Paulet St. John reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Trustees appointed in and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled*

" An Act for repairing the Road from a Place called .* The Golden Farmer, near Bagshot, in the County of " Surrey, to Hertfordbridge in tire County of

Southampton,", whose Names are thereunto lubscribed, was referred 1 That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the ,0.5th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had sheen complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, toithe House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

:Tb prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Ibid.Act was read: And,

Francis Rujfel, Esquire, being examined, said, That

One thousand Pounds has been borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, which, together with the Tolls collected (after paying the Intftcft) has been laid out in making and repairing the said Roads, and other Pur-.poses of the Act. — Then,

Mr. Richard Ragget, being examined, said. That the Money so borrowed Hill remains due, and cannot be paid oft’, and the said Roads kept in sufficient Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term, and continuing the Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from a Place called The Gulden Farmer, near Bagshot, in the County of Surrey, to Hertfordbridge Hill, in the County of Southampton And that Sir llenty Paulet St. John and Sir Simeon Stuart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Common and Waste Grounds- within the Manor of Stretton, in the Parishes of Nvrthicingfield and Morton, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord George Caiendish presented to the Ilonfe, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Shirland, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Samuel Clay, Esquire, Owner and

Proprietor of E)field Old Pa> in the County of

dlesex, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for dividing the Chafe of ill

the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and setting forth, That* by the said Bill it is proposed, that, in Consideration of the Allotment of Land to be made to the Petitioner, as Owner and Proprietor of Enfield Old Park aforesaid, the several Gates Handing on such Parts of the said Park as lie within the Parish of Enfield, and abut upon, or open into, the AllotoJiit thereby assigned to

VOL. 36.

the Parish 5f Edmonton, and all Right of Passagearid Stray, over or upon the said Edmdnton Allotment, into or out of the said Park (excepting only the Gate leading into Brougham's Farm Yard, and the Right of Pafi sage to and from the said Gate) fliotild be discontinued, removed, and taken away, and the Ways, Gaps, and Passages thereof fenced and Hopped up, by the Owner of the said Park for the Time being; and, until the said Gates should be so taken away, and the said Ways, Gaps,-and Passages, fenced and Hopped up, that the said Allotment should remain open to, and be enjoyed as Part of the Common’appertaining to the said Parish of Edmonton, in Exelufion of die Owners or Occupiers of the said Park; and that the flopping up the said Gates will be a manifest Detriment to the Petitioner’s Estate, as he and his Tenants Will be thereby deprived of a Way to their respective Lands and Grounds! And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by himself or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect his Property as aforesaid, or that he may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill 'is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Sir Charles Whitu orth reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament of the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " several Roads in the Counties of Cornwall and " Devon, leading to the Borough of in the County of Cornwall," was referred; That the Committee had examined and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of Afrril 1774, relative to Turnpike ’ Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; ajid is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read — And,

Mr. George Woodward Mallet, being examined, in-

formed your Committee, That the Trustees have continued to put the said Act in Execution, and have made a Progress in amending the said Road; in doing which, the Tolls by the said Act granted, together with a considerable Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been duly applied; but that the Repairs thereof cannot be completed, the Money so due be repaid, or the Road kept in proper Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, the Tolls thereby granted increased, the same having been found very inadequate to the Expence of the Road, and unless the Powers of the Act, which have proved defective and insufficient, be explained, amended, and rendered more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the Borough of Saltash in the County of Cornwall And that Sir Charles Whitworth and Sir Grey Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according

to

Saltash

Roads.

WalHngffn . iiiclol’ure.

4

.200 20° — 2i 1777.

lo Order, a Bill lor dividing, inclosing, and improv- The Lord by his Majesty’s Gcmmiand, ad-

ing Wallingfen, in the EaA Hiding of the County of quainted the House, that his Majesty, having been York,: And tji? fume was received; and read the Pirft informed of tlut Contents of the said Petition, reoon>* Time. meads-the same to the Consideration of the llovjft.

Resolved, That, the Bill be read a Second Time. Then the said Petition was brought up, and read?;

Setting forth, That in the Second Year of the Reign A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. of His present Majesty, the said TruAecs rcpretented / lef t: to Parliament that the Sunt allowed them for the Eft u-

Mr. Speaker, blishment and Support oft lie said Museum, vra& reduced 1

Uckfield. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to a Capital of ,£.30,000 Reduced Bank Annuitiw,

&c. for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year the Dividend of which, amounting to £ 900, wa4, Roads. of jjs jate Majesty King George. the Second, for amend- notwithstanding their utmost Attention to the forming,

ing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road lead- their Estabhlhment with Frugality, greatly infuffidbtft ing from Union Pointynear the Town of Udtfield, in for that Purpose; upon which Representation, they

the County of Sussex, to Ldngncy Bridge, in the Parish have at sundry Times obtained from the House various

of Wefiham, in the said County, and for more effec- Sums to supply the Deficiencies of their Income,

tually repairing the said Road pand also for amending, which Sums, together with the Salary allotted to thfe widening, a»d keeping in Repair, the Road from The King’s Librarian yearly, amounting to about £.250, Side Gate on the llorfebridge Turnpike Road, in the have proved inefficient to defray the necessary Ex-Parish of Hellingly, to the Turnpike Road leading from peaces of the said Museum; and what now remains

Cross in Hand to Burwash, in the said County, without in the Hands of the Trustees is very little more than

any Amendment: And also, what is requisite to discharge the Expences already

Bedford, tec. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act incurred; and that the Expences of the said TruA and koad, f0y repairing and widening the Road, from Stall EAablishment, one Year with another, from the Year Gate Clo/e, at the South-WcA End of the Town of 1767 to the Year 1775 inclusive, have amounted an-Bedford, to the Town of AmpthiU^. and from the said nually to the Sum of £.2,127. 15J. 3 whereas the Town of Ampthill to Woburn Park, in the County of Yearly Income, including the Salary of the King’s Li-

Bedford;and also the Road brandling out of the same brarian, which the Petitioners have enjoyed for little in Kempfion Field, to the Turnpike Road leading from more than a Year, amounts only to the Sum of £.1,150, Hitch in to the said Town of Bedford; without any so that the Deficiency, one Year with another, during Amendment: And also, that Time, has amounted to £.978. in 31/. a Year;

Shepfhetd The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act which Deficiencies will probably inoreafe, as well as Inclosure. for dividing and inclosing, the Open Fields and fevqral unforeseen Expences ajrife: And therefore pray-Meadows, within the Parish of Shepshead> in the ing the House to grant them such further Support, County of Leicester, and the Common Ground lying towards enabling them to carry on the Execution of the within the Ring Fence of the same Fields, , and adjoin- TruA reposed in them by Parliament, for the general ing thereto, within the same Parish; and, also frvefal Bepefit of Learning and ufefol Knowledge, and for Closes or Parcels of Land and Ground, called The the Improvement of Arts and Manufactures, as to Carrs and Michaelmas Grounds, within the said PariAi; the House shall seem meet.

without any Amendment: And also, 1 , That the said Petition be referred to the

Holcot The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Consideration of a Committee of the whole House. Inclosure. for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and That this House will, upon

Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea- Sevennight, the 6th Day of March-next, resolve itself dows, and other Commonable Lands and Gounds, of into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of and within the Manor and Parish of Holcot, in the the said Petition.

County of Northampton without any Amendment:

And also, The House was moved, That the Petition of William

Hatberae The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Francis and John Wiggington, as well in their own Inclosure. for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Bight, as Executors of the last Will and Teliament Pastures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the of Andrew Barlow, deceased, and of John Yerbury, and Lordship or Liberty and Parish of Hatheme, in the of Ann Jones, Administratrix of the (foods. Chattels, County of Leicester , without any Amendment: And Rights, and Credits, of Humphry Jones, deceased, and also, of John Hardy, William and of Phoebe and

Eame’s The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ann Executrixes of John Savidge, deceased,

Name, to enable John Eames, a Minor, and his Iffite, to take and of William and Henry , oft

and use the Surname of Waight, pursuant to the Will Behalf of themselves, and Robert Porteus, William of John Waight, Esquire, deceased; without any Powell, John Perkins, and Peter Grant, Administrator Amendment. of the Goods, Chattels, Rights and Credits, of Joseph

And then the Messengers withdrew. Ruddock, deceased, which was presented to the House

upon the 12th Day of this Instant February, and then And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Lord North by His Majesty’s Command, acquanted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Consent, as far as his Majesty’s IntereA is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole I louse.

That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Mr. Egerlon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term of Two Acts, passed 14 in

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Voter isy 210 die Februarii;

Anno 17* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1777. Prayers.

British A PETITION of the Trustees of the Museum. il. Museum, being offered to be presented to the House;

Bowen’s Debt to the Crown.

Butt Lane, &c. Roads.

17 Geo. III. $id Februarii. aoi

> in the Fourth and Twenty-fourth Years of his late Ma- and for enabling the Trustees to alter Part of tho jesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads Course of the present Road between and The

leading fronvthe moll Southern Part of-Butt Lnne\in New, Inn Turnpike, was committed} That the Com*

the Parish of Lawton, in the County Paldtineof Cheflelr,v mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and

to Lawton, and from thence to Henshall's Smithy, upon - found the same to be true; and that the Committee Cranage Green, in the said County, was committed; had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend*

That the Committee had examined the;Allegations of^ ments thereunto; which they had directfed him to re-the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that The' port to the House; and he-read the Report in his Committee had gone through the Bill, and made'an'; Place - and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment thereunto; which they had directed'him Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:. Where the to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Amendments tverse Ohce read throughout; and then a Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be put thereupon, agreed to by the* House. ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be} ingrossed. Mr., Alderman Harley presented to the House,

pursuant to their Order,

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, An Account of the Investment of the Sum of Seven Account

Ashborne to w^om the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers hundred antUNinety-nine thousand Nine hundred and presented;

.Ro»ds. of Two Acts, made in the Eleventh and Seventeenth Seventy*three Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Five

Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for re- Pence, in the Purchase of Spanijk and Coins, Gon"

pairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of for the Use and Service of His Majesty’s Forces in Derby, in the County of Derby, so far as the same re- North America.

late to the Road from the said Town of Derby, through And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ashbome, to Hurdloe House, in the said County of Dcr- The. said Account is as followeth; viz.

J

Vol. 36.

3*

Au

An ACCOUNT of the Investment of the Sum of Seven hundred and Ninety-nine thousand Nine hundred* and Seventy-three T*ounds Eighteen Shillings*nd Five Pence, in

the Purchase of Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty’s Forces in North America.

1776. January Bills drawn from £.36,678 13 7 per Cent. a 120

— D° - - D° — 5,590 6 6 123*

— D9 - - - D9 — 1,263 130

February — D9 - - - D9 - at Par -

March D° - - - D9 ---- - D9 -

April - - D9 - - - Halifax ----- - D9 -

May - - D9 - - - D9 . D° -

- - D° - - - Quebec ----- I I.J. under Par.

June - - D9 - - - Halifax - -. -

July 1 August \ - - Staten Island - - - - D9 -

Sep. & 0(3. I September - 1 D9 , - - Quebec ----- - D9 -

October - D° - - - D° - . D9 -

Gas9. c s. d.

Silver - 244^7351 a - 5i - 65^62 *4 8

£. s. d- Gold - - - - 5*042 - - *dwt». grs. a ' 77 i - 1-9,600 6

D9 14,^87 14 18 - a - 77A - 58,000 jbl 10

43>532 ~ 1 D9 *£595 — a - 7*h - 60,950 11 2

260 D9 ----- 23,916 18 - a - 78* - 93.873 11 3

9>479 340,000 — —

384----

39>447 5 3

- 5,600-----

27,566 9 9

- 3°>388 7 2

- 8,600 — —

- 2,886 9 1

637,687 15 jo 168,143.11 4

+A ——

£.805,831 7 2

o

o

o

?r

n-

n

£.168,143 " 4

The Order of the House of Commons of 17th Iostant, was to account for the Investment of £-799,573. i8r. 5 d.which this Account exceeds in the Sum of £.5,857.8r. 9 d.and this Excels could not be avoided, as it arises from the broken Sums of the Bills of Exchange.

Harley and Drummond,

JFeb 2i, 1777.

LLL1 y iutbuftj Jt

felt

and

Dolgdley

Roads*

Bkmt Bridge to

Gate

Rood.

York

Buildings

Company.

17 Geo. III. 210 Februarit. 203

Sir Watkin Williams Wynn prefonted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads, leading to and from the Towns o and Dolgelley, in the County of Merioneth, and other

Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of mery, Denbigh, and Salop: And the same was received; and read the First Time;.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bid for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from Brent , in the County of

Devon, to Gajking Gate, in or near the Borough of Plymouth, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That, the Bill be committed to Mr. Skip-nit h, Mr. Parker, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Adam Ferguson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Waljh, George Francis Lopes Suash, Thomas Neale, Francis Barlow,

James Matthias, and Bibye Lake, Esquires, and the Reverend Philip Duval, on Behalf of themselves, and of all other the Creditors of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, under and by virtue of a certain Deed of Truli, bearing Date the 18th Day of January 1731, under the Seal of the said Company 5 and allb, the Petition of the Persons thereunder subscribing. Creditors of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, on Behalf

of themselves and others the Creditors of the said Company, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the iirft-ment ioned Petition, and had considered the last-mentiofied Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report m his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where therfenie was read; and is as followeth;

In support of the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, was produced, and read; whereby the said Governor and Company were incorporated, and enabled to purchase or enjoy, and alien Lands and Hereditaments, Goods, and Chattels, to and from them, and their Successors, and to give, grant, demise, alien, and dispose of, their I>ands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, and Chattels, and to do and execute all other Things, by their Name of Incorporation, that to them should appertain, and to use a Common Seal to serve in all their Business; and whereby a Governor and Six of the said Company, to be cal lid Afliltants, were appointed to have the Direction of all the Affairs of the said Company.

And an Office Copy of a Decree in the Court of Chancery, dated the Twenty-fourth Day of October One thousand Seven hundred and Forty, made in a Cause wherein John Huggins, Esquire, Sir Andrew Chadxvicke, Knight, Elizabeth Blackwell, Widow, Henry Strachey, the Reverend Samuel Grove, and divers other Creditors, by Judgments, Bonds, and other Securities, of the said Governor and Company, on Behalf of themselves, and of all other Creditors of the said Company, were Plaintiffs, the said Governor and Company, Solomon AJldey, Esquire, George Abell, William Jackson, Gilbert deFlines, Richard Fonder, and Charles Pot tales. Sir William Billers, Knight, John Lazvton, and Nicholas Paxton, Esquires, John Goddard, Cave Wiseman, His Majesty’s Attorney General, James Eftpiire,

William Smith, Esquire, John Edwin, Esquire, Hilliard Hely, Esquire, Aleranda' Bennett, Anthony Steventon, William Duncomb, Sir John Peachy, Baronet, Abraham Vol. 3 b.

Crop, and William Lock, Esqnrres, Stephen Monte age, Peter Shuttleworth, and Robert Read, were Defendants; whereby it appeared. That at a General Court of the said Company, held the Twenty-seventh of October One thousand Seven hundred and Nineteen, several Orders and Bye Laws were made, for better regulating their Affairs, and improving their Undertakings, and for purchasing forfeited Estates in Great Britain: And it u'as, among other Things, ordered. That the Company would open a Subscription at Mercers Hall, London, for raising a Stock of £. 1,200,000 for purchasing forfeited Estates, and other Estates in Great Britain, to be a Fund for granting Annuities for Lives, and for assuring Lives for the Benefit of all the Subscribers to the said Joint Stock; which was immediately put in Execution, and several Persons subscribed tfc the Amount of £.i,zoo, oooo, and paid in Ten pPr Cent, of the Sum subscribed; and the said RefohitioH for raising the said Joint Stock of 1,200,000 watt ordered to be carried, into Execution by purchofing Estates forfeited, and otherwise, in Great Britain.

And an Act made, in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, was produced, and read; whereby it appeared, That the said Governor and Company were enabled to purchase of the Commissioners and Trustees appointed by the said Act, Estates in Scotland and England which became forfeited to the Crown; and it appeared by the said Decree, That under the Authority of the said Act, the said Governor and Company did purchase several Estates in Scotland, and also divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Northumberland, which had bo-come forfeited to the Crown by the Attainder of Lord Widdrington, for all which the said Governor and Company agreed to pay £.308,093. 14s. 7

And another Act of Parliament, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty King George the First, was also produced, and read; whereby it appeared. That the said Governor and Company were empowered to fell or encumber the said Estates so purchased,

<0 be purchased, with any Debts or Encumbrances in Law or Equity, as any others might do who had Estates in Fee Simple 3 and also had Power given to them to grant Rent-Charges or Annuities to the Yearly Valoe of foch Estates, and no further; and, to enable the Company to pay for the Use of the Public tlfe Price or Consideration for the Purchase of the said Estates, they were empowered to raise such Supi as should be necessary for that Purpose, by calling in ot directing the same so be paid by their respective Members, according to their respective Interests in the Stock of the said Governor and Company.

And by an Act of the Seventh of George the First; produced, and read. It was Enacted, That, for thfe better enabling the Company to raise and pay the Government the Price or Consideration for the Purchase of the said Estates, the said Company might grant and fell Rent-Charges and Annuities, to the full Extent of such Estates so purchased, by way of Lottery; and that any Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, in that Method might purchase such Annuities of the said Governor and Company.

And William Ward, Esquire, being examined, said. That, pursuant to the said several Acts, the said Governor and Company granted several Annuities for the Lives of the respective Annuitants in the several Grants named, or their Nominees, to the Amount of Twelve thousand Pounds per Annum, or thereabouts; and for securing the Payment thereof, issued Bonds to the Annuitants, with a Clause of Entry and Distress oh

9 v

the said Company’s Lands in Failure of Payment of the said Annuities.

And it appeared by the Decree above mentioned, that by Indenture, bearing Date the Twenty-sixth Day of August One thousand Sevenhundred and Twenty-five,

between

1

»uf

20A ' 2i ° Februarii.A. 1777,

between'tho Governor and Company of the One Part, and divers Persons therein named, on Behalf of therti-fdves and the other Proprietors of Annuities or Rent Charges payable by the said Company, who should become Parties to the said Indenture, of the other Part, the said Governor and Company covenanted with the Proprietors, that they would, within Twelve Months, procure from the Commissioners and Trustees of the forfeited Estates, One or more Conveyances of all the Honors, Manors, and Lands, in ,*and that

immediately after, they would execute such Conveyances to such Persons as should be appointed by the said Proprietors, or a Majority of them, of all their Manors and Lands in Scotland, to be limited to ,such Trustees, and the Heirs of the Survivor, in Trust, and for the Use of the Company, until Default be made in Payment of any Annuity or Rent-Charge belonging to the said Parties, or who should thereafter become Parties, and wrhofe Annuity or Rent-Charge had been granted by the said Company j, and after any Default in Payment of the said Annuities, then to the Use of fitch Persons who were or should be entitled to such Annuities, till the fame, and all Arrears, with Costs, should be fully paid and satisfied; and after such Payment made, then to the Use of the said Company, and their Assigns, for ever.

And it was, among other Things, agreed. That the said Company might, at any Time, purchase in any of the Annuities or RentGharges, provided, that when any Annuity determined by the Death of the Person for whose Life the same was payable, or otherwise, that then, on Notice to the Persons so to be appointed as Trustees, the said Company might sell and dispose of such Part of the said Estates as they should think fit, leaving so much unfold as should remain of the clear Yearly Value of One hundred and Twenty-five Pounds lor every Annuity of One hundred Pounds per Annum, and in proportion for a greater or less Sum. — Mr. Alexander Mackenzie produced an Office Copy of a Deed of Disposition, dated the Thirteenth of October One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-seven, and granted by the said Governor and Company; which he said he had compared with the Original in the Record, and the same was certified by the Keeper of the Record; whereby the said Governor and Company did eonvey to certain Persons therein named,* Truliees for the said Annuitants, their several Manors ;and Estates in Scotland, and all the Company’s Right thereto; provided, that the said Annuitants or Trustees should not enter into Possession thereof, or sue for the fame, unless on Default of Payment of the said Annuities; and, if they should attain to the Possession of the said Lands on such Default, then the said Trustees, upon Payment of the said Annuities or Arrears, and of the Expences about the fame, should quit pof-.session of the said Lands: And it was agreed. That the said Company might purchase in any of the said Annuities, and fell such Part of the said Lands, as they should think fit; and receive the Money to their own Use, they always leaving so much of the said Lands unfold, free from all Incumbrances, as amounted to One hundred and Twenty-five Pounds per , according to the usual Rents, for every Annuity of One hundred Pounds per Annum, and so in proportion.

And the said William Ward informed your Committee, That the Governor and Company neglecting to pay the said Annuities, the Trustees for the Annuitants entered into Possession of all the Manors and Estates in Scotland about the Year One Thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-three: That he has been Agent for the Trustees for the Annuitants, and as such in the Receipt of the Rents of the Company’s Estates for Eleven Years, or thereabouts.

And it appeared by the Decree above mentioned. That at a General Court of the said Company, held the

id

Twenty-first of September One Thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-four, it was resolved, That each Proprietor of Stock should transfer Half his Stock to the Company, in lieu whereof they agreed to give to the Proprietors Bonds payable Seven Years and an Half after Date, at Four Pounds per Cent, valuing the Stock at Thirteen Pounds per Cent, exclusive of the Two bividqnds then lately had thereon; and that, at another Court held the Second October One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-four, Confirming the fame, the Proprietors transferred Half their Stock to Two of the said Company’s Servants, in Trull for the said Governor and Company; and that thereupon the Governor and Company issued out Bonds, Receipts, or Slips, entitling the Holders to such Bonds, amounting to Seventy-one thousand Two hundred and Six Pounds Orte Shilling and Sixpence.

And it appeared by an Order of the said Governor and Company, annexed to the Indenture of Release of the 18th o f January One Thousand Seven hundred and

Thirty-one, to be afterwards mentioned, that they agreed to open a Subscription for railing One hundred thousand Pounds for discharging the Company’s Bonds.

And by Indentures of Lease and Release, dated the Seventeenth and Eighteenth of January One Thousand Seven-hundred and Thirty-one (which were produced by Mr. Alexander Gerrard, and read) and made between the Governor and Company of the One Part, and Sir William Billers, John , and Nicholas

Paxton, Esquires, of the other Part, it appeared, That they the said Governor and Company did fell and re*-lease to the said Sir William Billers, and the other Trustees, their Heirs and Assigns, the several Honors, Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, lying in Scotland, therein set forth, which were purchased of the Commissioners and Trustees of the forfeited Estates, by the Company; and also all the several Honors, Lands, and Hereditaments, lying in Northumberland, late the Estate of the late Lord Widdrington, also purchased by the said Company, and all other the Estates of the said Company in Great Britain, purchase^ of the said Commissioners and Trustees, subject nevertheless^ as to the said Estates in Scotland, at. all Times to the Payment of the Annuities granted by the said Company, and wherewith the said Company’s Estates in Scotland were then chargeable, upon Trust, that they, or the Survivor, or the Heirs of such Survivor, should, out of the Rents of the said Premises, or by Sale or Mortgage thereof, or otherwise, raise such Sums as should in the first Place be sufficient to pay. Half-yearly, the Interest of all and every the Bonds to be given under the Seal of the Company to the several Subscribers to the Proposals annexed to the said Indenture, till the Principal Money due on such Bonds should become due and payable; and in Default of Payment of the said Principal when due and payable by the Company, that then the said Trustees, and their Heirs, might, by Sale of the said Estates, or any Part thereof, subject to the Demands of the said Annuitants, raise Money, and pay olf the said Principal and Interest due o'n the said Bonds till paid; and after Payment of the said Principal, and Interest, and all Costs, Damages, and Expences whatsoever, which the said Trustees, or the said Subscribers, or any of them, might necessarily be put to on account of the said Trust, then as to all such Parts of the said Honors, Manors, Lands, and Premises as should remain unfold, in Trust, for the said Company and their Succefi* fors for ever; and that the said Company did covenant with the said Trusteesto pay all Interest at Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, due or to become due on the said Company’s Long Bonds, or Receipts called Slips, given for the fame, on the Twenty-fifth of March One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-two, and that immediately, or so soon after the Twenty-fifth of

if Geo. III.

0,1® Februarii.

as could be, would issue cut, in lieu of the said Long Bonds or Slips, new Bonds to the said several Subscribers, which should carry Intereli at Five Pounds Cent, to be paid Half Yearly, till the Twenty-fifth of March One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-five, at which Time the said Principal and Interest due on the said Bonds should be paid off by the Company.

That at a General Court of the said Company, held the Tenth of March One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one, it was agreed, that all the Arrears of Intereli due on such old Bonds or Slips should be added to the Principal due on such Bonds; and that new Bonds should issue for the Whole Principal and Interest: And it appeared by the said Decree, that at a General Court, held the Twenty-fourth of March One thousand Seven, hundred and Thirty-one, it was resolved, That the said Subscription should be thenclosed; but notwithstanding that, the Proprietors of Bonds and Slips should be at Liberty to exchange them for new Bonds, on the Foot of the said Subscription, and on the same Terms and Conditions: And it was also resolved. That the Governor and Court of Assistants should take new Bonds for whit should be feribed, and should exchange them for such old Bonds or Slips as were feribed, when offered, and should raise Money on the Remainder in the best Manner they could, not exceeding in all One hundred thousand Pounds, according to the Power given by the said Deed of Trull.

And it appeared by the said Decree, that in pursuance of the said lall-mentioned Resolutions, several of the Proprietors of the said old Bonds and Slips did exchange and deliver up the same to the said Company, and accepted of new Bonds for the fame, in lieu thereof, dated Twenty-fifth March One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-two, whereby the Company obliged themselves and their Successors to pay to Robert Read, one of the Company’s Servants, his Executors, administrators, or Assigns, by Indorsement thereon, the several principal Sums of such new Bonds, on the Twenty-fifth of March One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-five, and in the moan Time to pay them Interest for the fame, at Five Pounds per Centum, Half-yearly, the Firli Payment to be made on the Twenty-ninth of September next after the Date of the said Bonds; for Payment whereof the said Company bound themselves, and their Successors, in a double Penal Sum.

And the said Alexander Mackenzie produced tun Office Copy of a Deed of Disposition, dated the Twenty-fifth Day of October One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-

two, compared with the Original in the Record, and certified by the Keeper of the Record, whereby the said Governor and Company disponed their Eliates in Scotland to the said Sir William Billers, John Lawton, and Nicholas Paxton, in Trust, for securing One hundred thousand Pounds; and the said Alexander Mackenzie produced a Search of Seilines in the said Eliates, certified by the Keeper of the Records, whereby it appeared, that Seilin or Infeoffment was taken on the said Disposition as the Forms of the Law of Scotland direct. And it appeared, by a Subscription Roll annexed to the said Indenture of the Eighteenth of January One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one, that several other Persons subscribed several Sums, to and for the Use of the said Company, pursuant to the Terms of the said Deed of Trull and Subscription, whereby the several Sums subscribed amounted to One hundred thousand Pounds.

And the said Alexander Gerrard, being examined, said. That subsequent to the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-two, divers Calls were made on the Proprietors of Stock belonging to the Company: and in Consideration of the Sums paid in Corisequence of such Calls, the said Company illhed Bonds to the several Persons who answered such Calls, to a very considerable Amount.

And it appeared by the said Decree, that no Part of , Vox.. 36.

the Principal Money or intereli, due oh the bonds so York issued by the said Company as aforesaid, having been Buildings paid, divers Persons* Creditors of the said Company; Company, on Behalf of themselves, and of all other the Creditors. . of the said Company, exhibited their Bill in the High Court of Chancery, against the said Governor and Company, the Trustees for the said Annuitants, and also the Trullees for the Creditors Under the Deed of Trust of the Eighteenth of January One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-orte, for Payment of their Principal Money and Interest, due from the said Company; and that the Defendants have severally put in their Answers to the said Bill, and the Cause coming on to be heard before the then Lord Chancellor, his Lordship, on the Twenty-fourth t)ay of OBob&r One thousand Seven hundred and Forty, pronounced, his Decree, and declared, that the Creditors of the York Buildings Company, by Bonds, or Sips for Bonds, comprifea within the Trull Deed of the Eighteenth of January One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one, were entitled to the Benefit of the Trulls thereby created; arid, such of the Creditors as were Purchasers of such Bonds, or Slips for Bonds, at a Difcdunt, having offered, by their Counsel at the Bar, to accept the Consideration Money or Price paid for them, for the Purchase of any such Bonds or Slips, with Interest for the fairie, his Lordship decreed, that it should be referred to Mr. Burroughs, a Master of the Court, to inquire which of the Creditors were original Proprietors of such Bonds or Slips for Bonds, comprised within the said Deed of Trull of the Eighteenth January One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty one, or Executors or Administrators of such original Proprietors, and to take an Account of what was due to them for Principal and Interest on such Bond or Slips -, and also to enquire which of the Creditors were Purchasers of such Bonds, or Slips for Bonds, at a Discount, or Representatives of any such Purchasers, and to take an Account of 'the Gonsideration Money or Price paid for the Purchase of such Bonds, or Slips for Bonds, and Interest for the fame, at such'Rate of Interest as such Bonds or Slips should respectively carry; and also to inquire which of the Plaintifls were Creditors of the Company, for Money lent or advanced on the Pledge or Deposite of any such Bonds or Slips; and also to take an Account of what was really due bond side, lent or advanced on such Pledge or Deposite, at such Rate of Interest as such Bonds or Slips carry respectively; and all the Creditors of the Company, who were possessed of any such Bonds or Slips, by any of the Three Rights before- mentioned, were to be at Liberty to come before the said Master, to prove the Sums thereby due to them respectively, according to the Directions before given; and the said Master was to take an Account thereof, and of the Interest for the fame, according to the Rates before mentioned, and to that End to cause an Advertisement to be inserted in the Gazette; and such of the said Creditors as should not come in within the Time to be therein limited were to be excluded the Benefit of the Decree; and, in order to the Satisfaction of what should be found due on the several Accounts before directed, it was ordered that so much of the said Trull Eliates lying in Scotland, as should be ovpr and above the Provisions made for the Annuitants, by the Deed of Trull of the Twenty-sixth August One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-five, or a sufficient Part thereof, should be fold, either entire, or in Parcels, with the Approbation of the Mailer, to the best Purchaser that could be got for the fame, subject to the Demands of the Crown, for what remained due for the Purchase Money of the forfeited Eliates purchased by the Company, and the Interest thereof, if the same carried Intereli; and the Money arising by such Sale of Sales was to be applied in Satisfaction of any Arrears that remained due to the Annuitants,'over and above what had been paid to them by the Company, or anyv 3 G . other

York

BiiHd'ngi

Cocipany.

406 4.1 Februarit. 1777*

other in Tract for them; and the Residue of the said Purcftafe Money was to be applied according to the Directions before mentioned.

And it was further ordered and decreed, That the f&atcs formerly belonging to the late Lord Widdring-tou, should be fold, subject also to the Demand of the Crowp, for what remained due for the Purchase Money of thp forfeited Estates pnrehafed by the said Company, tuid the intercii thereof, if the same carried Interest; and that the Money arising by the Sale of the said Estates should be applied in Satisfaction of what should be found due to the Creditors cm the Account aforesaid, ip like Mapper as the Money arising from the Sale of the Effete^ in Scotland is before directed to be applied, subject as therein is mentioned.

And it appeared, by 'an Office Copy of a Report made in the said Cause, on the Twenty-first Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-five, by Samuel Burroughs, Esquire, fate one of the Mpfters of tl^e Court of Chancery, thpt in pursuance of the said Decree, the said Master certified what was due to t^c federal Creditors of the said Company, under the Deed of Tra il of the Eighteenth of January One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one, according to the Directions of the said Decree, and which, with the Interest computed thereon to the Twenty-fifth March One thousand Seven hundred pud Forty-five, amounted in the AVhofe to the Sum of Eighty-two thou fond Seven hundred and Ninety-five Pounds and Nine Pence, or thereabouts.

Mr. Lloyd informed the Committee* that he under-stopd that pll the Claims of the Crown on the Company’s Estates were satisfied, except a Claim for about Eight thousand Five hundred and Twelve Pounds, which was pt present in Dependance before the Houfo of Lords.

And Mr. Alexander Gerrard, being again examined, fojd. That* in pursuance of the Decree above mentioned* and by virtue of feverpl subsequent Orders of the said Court of Chancery, the Estates of the said Company in the County of which

became forfeited to the Grown by the Attainder of Lord Widdrington, have been fold; and that the Petitioners, or those under whom they claim, and other the Creditors of the York Buildings Company, under the Deed of Trail of the Eighteenth January One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one, received a proportionable Dividend of the Monies arising from the Sale; and that he is Solicitor for the Trustees under the fakl Deed of One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one.

And by an Office Copy of an Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty, produced and read, it appeared, that the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland Were directed, without waiting the Conclusion of the ranking of all or any of the said Governor and Company's Creditors, to proceed to a Sale of certain Parts of the said Company’s Estates, in the said Act of Parliament comprised, by public Roup, or Auction; and the Money arffing by sech Sale is thereby directed to be applied in Payment of die Debts of William Lock and the Duke of Norfolk, and his Partners, and the Creditors under the said Deed of Trull of One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one, according to their fevers! Orders and Priorities therein mentioned, without w aiting the racking or clafting of the other Creditors, or the final Discussion of the Claims then made, or to be made, on the said Estates of the Governor and Company in Scotland, thereby directed to be sold.

And the said Alexander Mackenzie, being again examined, informed your Committee, That, in pursuance of the said last mentioned Act, the Estates therein coro-prised hod. been fold, and the Demands of t£e said William Lock* and the said Duke of Norfolk and his Partners, had been fotisfied and paid; and after Payment thereof, there remained, of the- Money arising

from the said Sale, the Sum of Thirteen thousand Five hundred and Eighty-three Pounds Five Shillings and Sixpence; and that the same had been since paid to the Trustees for the Creditors under the said Deed of Trull of the Eighteenth January One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one, under the Authority of the said last mentioned Act, and of a Decree of the Court of Session, ranking and preferring the said Creditors.

And the said Alexander Mackenzie informed Yopr Committee, That there remains due to the Creditors of the said Company, under the said Deed of Trust of die Eighteenth of January One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one, die Slim of Forty thousand and Forty-two Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Ten Renee, Principal, with Eight thousand Seven hundred and Five Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Nine Pence, Interell, remaining due thereon the Eleventh of August One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four, and, computing Interest on the said Principal from the fold Eleventh of August One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four, to Eleventh of August One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-six, the whole Sums, Principal and Interest, due to £be said Creditors, under the Deed of Trail of the Eighteenth of January One Thousand Seyhn hundred and Thirty-one, amounted to the Sum of Seventy-two thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-four Pounds Four Shillings and Eleven Pence, or thereabouts; and, in Confirmation thereof, produced an Office Copy of a Scheme of Division among the Creditors of the said Company, of the Price of the Estates fold under the Authority of the said last mentioned Act, which Scheme appeared to have been calculated by Francis Farqukarfbn, Accountant in Edinburgh,

and to have been approved of by an Interlocutor of the Court of Seffioiu

And the said William Ward, being again examined, fold, That the subsisting Annuities on the said Company’s Eftatos do amount to Two Thousand and Twenty-eight Pounds Fourteen Shillings, or thereabouts, and produced a particular Account thereof; and the said William Ward produced a Rental of the Estates belonging to the Governor and Company in Scotland, whereby it appeared, that the feme were let at Six thousand Five hundred and Seventy-three Pounds One Shilling and Seven Pence Halfpenny, Yearly, and which Rent he feid is capable of being considerably advanced.

And the said William Ward said. That he believed the Rents of the said Estates had, ever since the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-three, or thereabouts, been received by the Trustees for the said Annuitants, or feme Persons acting for them; and the said William Ward acknowledged, that he, as Agent for the present Trustees for the Annuitants, had now in his Hands, arising from the Rents of the said Company’s Estates, after Payment of all Arrears of the said Annuities, Ten thousand Two hundred and Fifty Pounds, or thereabouts, exclusive of a Bill for One thousand Pounds lately received by him on 'account of sucht Rents.

And the said Alexander Gerrard informed the Committee, That the Governors and other Persons who formerly undertook the Management of the said Company’s Affairs, did abuse the Trail in them reposed, and by Mismanagement contracted, or fuftered to incur, great V ariety of Debts and Demands on the said Company’s Estate and Effects, but to what Amount is at present unknown; and that the said Company long since became Insolvent.

And the said William Ward informed your Committee, That all the Persons who were originally named Trustees for the said Annuitants are dead; that Mr. Jams Peachy, was the taft fttrviving Trustee, who, before his Death, by an Instrumen t in the Scotch Form, assumed Three other ~Tniftees jointly with hiraself, of ^hoDxQecrgcAudroemd George Coiteue still alive, and

in

17 Geo. III. n°

407

in Execution of the Trust: And the said Alexander Gerrard said. That the Trustees named in the Deed of T raft of the Eighteenth of January One thousand Seven hundred and thirty-one, conveyed, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, their Trust to Sir Andrew Chadwick, and Samuel Grave, Clerk; and that the said Samuel Grove survived the other Trustees, and died in February One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine, leaving Martha Grove, Spinster, his only' Child, and Heir at Law, upon whom the Trail of the Deed of One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one devolved, but that /he declined ailing in the Trust.

And the said Alexander Mackenzie said. That Precedes of Ranking- and Sale had been brought before the Court of Session by the Duke of Norfolk and Partners, and also by the Trusteea for the Annuitants, against the Company and their other Creditors, which have been depending fevoral Years; and that, by the Twenty-sixth Article of Regulations of the Court of Session in Scotland, made under tile Authority of Parliament, it appears, that in all Actions for Sale of Bankrupts Estates, the ranking of Creditors shall precede, and first be 00Deluded, by Decreet, before the Lands can be exposed to Roup or Sale: And the said Alexander Mackenzie declared, That such Sale could not be obtained by the ordinary Process in a long Course of Years, especially as many of the Company's Creditors defer the Production of the Ground of their Debts.

And the said Alexander Mackenzie further said, That the expediting the Sale of the Company's Estates will be the Means of the Petitioners in the first-mentioned Petition named, and all other the Creditors under the said Deed of the Eighteenth of Jamary One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one, in a little Time receiving their just Demands, and will be of great Benefit to all the subsequent Creditors of the said Company; and the Lands and Estates of the said Company, which have been long neglected and uncultivated, while remaining in the Hands of an Insolvent Company, will, by being transferred to Purchasers, be improved to the Benefit of the Public.

And a Motion being made. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for expediting the Sale of the Estates in Scotland, belonging to the York Buildings Company, for the Relief of their Creditors;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring is a Bill for expediting the Sale of the Estates in Scotland belonging to the York Buildings Company, for the Relief of their Creditors: And that Sir Adam the Lord Ad-

vocate of Scotland, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Cof/no Gordon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Wmbrer, An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers

of Three several Act of Parliament, for repairing the K.o«d. Roadg therein mentioned, in the County of Bucks, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road from the West End of the Town of Wendover to the End of a Lane called Oak Lane, next the great Road called The Oxford Road; and also Half a Mile of Road next from the River Colne, towards , in the said County,

was read the TTiird Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Bucks, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road from the Well End of the Town of Wendover to the End of a Lane called Oak Lane, jiext the great Road called The Oxford

' VOL. 36.

Road;and also Half a Mile of Road next from the River Colne towards Beconsfield, in the said County.

Ordered, That the Earl Vemey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

A Petition of the Reverend Doctor Henry Owen, Enfletd Vicar of Edmonton, in the County of Middlesex, was _ cthafe presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of c*,ur the Bill for dividing the Chafe of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, and far other Purposet therein mentioned* and Setting forth, That the Petitioner conceives there are certain Provisions and Regulations in the said Bill, as it now Hands, which, if fitifered to pass into a Law, will be very injurious to him, as Viear of the Parish of Edmonton, and his Successors: And therefore praying,

That he may be beard, by himself or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill, or that such other Relief may be given in the Fremjfes, a* to the House shall seem meet,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill against the said Petition.

Sir Henry Paulet St. John presented to the House, Bagfhct

according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term, and took*

continuing the Powers, granted by an A&, paired in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from a Place called The Golden Funner, near ,in the County of Surrey, to Hertfordbridgs Hill, in the County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ewer reported from the Committee, to whom stanriw*

the Bill for enlarging the Term, and altering and ^j11*

enlarging the Powers, ofan A Gt,made in the Twenty*

nihth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repaid ing and widening the Road from the Top of Hill, near the City of New Sarum in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Bland ford Forum and Dorchester, to a certain Intrenchment on AJkerwell Hill, in the County of Dorset; and from The Index on the side of Harnham Hill aforesaid, to a House called

Master Baker’s Farm Hovfe, in the said County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, mid made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Mr. Chaytor presented to the House, according to EreroWon Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing Frcmington Edge and Fremington Moor, and certain Waste Grounds, in

the Township of Frentington, in the Parish of in the North Riding of the County of York: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Grosvenor reported from the Committee, to whom chester the Petition of John Townshend, of the City of Chester, Theatre. Esquire, and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and Trader^ of the City was feve*

rally

208 ax® — 24°

rally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the Aril-mentioned Petition; and had considered the 1 aft-mentioned Petition and lual directed him to report the feme, as it appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations, of the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. John Scarejb, being examined, said, That Chester is a large and populous City, wherein a great Number of Persons.;of considerable Property . jelide; that he has converted with the greatest Number of the Inhabitants oft the said City, who. are desirous of having a, licensed Playhouse therein.,.

Ordered, That Lehve be. given to bring in a Bill to enablelHis Majesty to licehfe a Theatre in she City of Chester: Andtixat %U.Grosvenor and Mr

Bootle, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

' i >

Halifax, Kotice being''taken, that His Majesty’s Iritcr'eft is *c- concerned in the Bill for the more easy and Tpeedv Small Dcbn. Recovery of Small Debts, within the Parishes of

fax, Bradford? Kighley,

Bailer/, Birfial, Mirfield, Hnrlijhead ettm Clifton,

mondbury, Kiikhea)ton, and Huddersfield,

and the Lordshipor Liberty of 'Tow*, in the Wleft Riding of the Cotlnty mYork\ and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Courts Baron ojf the Honour of Pontefract, Manor of Wakefield, and Manor, of Bingley, in the said CoimtV^ whifch Bill was upon Monday last read a Second Tinie, and committed 5 -

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command,' acquainted the Hotffe*, that His Majesty,' haviixg 'been informed-'of the; Purport of the said Bill, gives His Content, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit. ’ '

Promi(Tory The House was trioved, That an Aftl made in the

Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act? to restrain the Negotiation of " Promissory Notes, and Inland Bills of Exchange,

'! under a limited Sam, within that Part of Great Britain called England," might be read.

'And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to -extend the Provisions of the said Act, to the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, for a larger Sum therein to be limited: And that Sir George Savile, Sir Richard Sutton, Mr.

Mr. Burke, and Mr. Ewer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. *

Annuities Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to restrain the Railing of Money by the Sale of Annuities for the Life of the Grantor: And, that Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Graves, and Mr. Popham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Supply. . Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary Services incurred, and paid by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, between the 31st of and the ill of

February 1777, and not pro video ibr by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Distribution of £.970,000, Part of the Sum of £.1,000,000 granted to His Majesty, to defray any extraordinary Expences incurred, or to be incurred, on account of Military Services for the Year 1776, be referred to the said , Committee.

Februarii. A. 1777*

Ordered, That the Account of the Investment of thfe Sum of Seven hundred and Nine-nine thousand Nine hundred and Seventy-three Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Five Pence, in the Purchase. of Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty’s Forces in North America, be referred to the said Committee.-

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir ^Charles Whitworth took , the Chair of the Committee. „ j

Mr. Speaker refuirted the Chair. ’

Sit Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a RefobUion; which they had directedhhn to report, when the House will please to receive the same. . i

Ordered, That the Report be received upon 'Move day Morning next.

- Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House’,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

.. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty*

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common, or Shapwick Waste Ground, called Shapzcick Moor, or Shapwick inclosure. Turf Moor, in the Parish of Shapwick, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Phelips,

Mr. Walter, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,. at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Wap ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mean*. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lutiee, 240 die Februarii;

Anno 17* Georgii III. U Regis, 1777.

Prayers.

/jRDERED, That (here be laid before this House, Bmift " an Account of the Annual Income and Expences Museum. of the Trullees of The British Mfrom the ill of January 1768 to the ill of Ja 1777; distin-gnjthing each Year, and the several Heads of Income and Expence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Derby

of Two Acts, made in the Eleventh and Seventeenth tiro' Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for A^’0^r|ne repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, so far as the same relate to the Road from the said Town of Derby, through Ashborne, to Hurdloe House, in the said County of Derby; and for enabling the Trullees to alter Part of the Course of the present Road between and

The Nezo Inn Turnpike, was read the Third Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill do palsAnd that the Title be, An Act for repealing so much of Two Acts, made in the Eleventh and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, as relates to the Road leading from The Gaol Bridge, in the said Town of Derby, through the Town

i r]Geo. III. 24*

209

of Ashborne, to Hurdloe House, in the said County, for Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to

making more effectual Provision for the Repair of the report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; said Road, and for enabling the Trustees to alter Part and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards of the Course of the present Road between Ashbome delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same and The New Inn Turnpike. was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendijk do carry the To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Bill to the Ix»rds, and defiro their Concurrence. James Horton, being examined, said, That the Town

of Wolverhampton is a large, populous, and trading London A Bill for continuing, for a Term therein to be li- Town, and that there are certain Butchers Shops, and

Co^Mrter* united, an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign other Buildings, in the Market Place of the said Town,

of His present Majesty, to prevent Frauds and Abides which, at present, are a great Nuisance; and the taking

in the Admeasurement of Coals, sold by Wharf Mea- down the same will be a great Convenience to the In-

sure, within the City of London, and the Liberties habitants, and others, resorting to the said Town; that thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hthefe Shops and Buildings are the Joint Property of the

in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Oliver, Mr. Alderman Wilkes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Tempsfonl The Lord Ongley reported from the Committee, to

Iaclosure. whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Parish of in the County of Bedford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 36 Acres and 3 Roods, who refused to sign the Bill; and also the Proprietor of 5 Acres and 3 Roods of Land, who could not be found; and that the Whole of the Fields and Meadows intended to be inclol'ed conhfts of 1,467 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and madefeveral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cleric’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Butt Lane; An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term of Two RohL. Acts, passed in thd Fourth and Twenty-fourth YTears of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from the moll Southern Part of Butt Lane, in the Parish of in the County

Palatine of Chester, to and from thence to

Henshall's Smithy upon Cranage Green, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term of Two Acts,

f>affect in the Fourth and Twenty-fourth Years of his ate Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from the moll Southern Part of Butt Lane, in the Parish of Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Lawton; and from thence to HenthalTs Smithy upon Cranage Green, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Eger ton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Wdwrjump- Sir William Bagot reported from the Committee, to Streets. whom the Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Estates within the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves, and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined the VoL. 36.

Lord of the Manor, and several other Persons; several of whom have been applied to, and are consenting that the same should be taken down.

That the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, "Ways, and other

Jublic Passages, within the said Town, are, in some ’hc?s, narrow, and that it will be necessary to take down some other Buildings, in order to widen the fame; and that the said Streets, and other public Passages, are not at present properly lighted andcleanfed, and are subject to many Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and that by reason of the Increase of the Trade of the said Town, a much greater Number o Carts, and other Carriages, are now used than formerly: And the Witness further said, That he apprehends, that if all such Carts and Carriages, as are used in carrying of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, within the said Town, were put under proper Regulations, and the Fares to be taken for such Carriage ascertained and limited, and also if such Parts of the said Streets and other public Passages as are narrow were widened, and the several Streets, Lanes, Ways,

Alleys, Paflqges, and other public Places within the said Town, were properly cleansed and lighted, and all Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions therein, were removed, and prevented in future, the same would be of great Benefit and Convenience to all the Inhabitants of the said Town, and to all Persons resorting thereto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for widening, cleansing, and lighting, the several Streets,

Lanes, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages, within the Town o (Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford,

and for taking down, altering, or re-building, certain Buildings therein mentioned, and for removing all other Nuisances and Encroachments; and for regulating Carts and other Carriages within the said Town:

And that Sir William Bagot and Mr. Gilbert do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable Earl of

Lijburne, in the Kingdom of Ireland, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for dividing the Chafe of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and Setting forth. That the Petitioner approves of, and has consented to, the Division of the said Chafe; but apprehends that, as the Bill now Hands, his Interelis and Property may be materially injured: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by himself or Counsel, against such Parts of the Bill as affect hi*

Interelis and Property.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee, to whom the said Bill ~ is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit;.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill for continuing Two Acts, made in the Sixth BumtMand 3 H Yc T-;"

Buckingham new Church.

Workington

Harbour.

2 io $4° Februarii;, . 1777.

Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majeliv, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale, vended or sold within the Town of Ikinilijlatid, and Liberties thereof, for increasing the Public Revenue of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wt the Lord Neuihaven, Ike.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for Building a new Church within the Town and Parish of Buckingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. 1 r ille, Sir Joseph Mawbey, &c.: Ami they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Fletcher reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Workington, in the County of Cumberland, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Smith, being examined, said, That the Town of Workington is a Place of considerable Trade, ami conveniently situated for Vessels navigating the Sea; that it would be the Means of saving the Lives of many of His Majesty’s Subjects, if the Harbour was made capable of holding Vessels of more considerable Burthen; and if it was properly deepened, enlarged* and secured, it would be of great Benefit to the Trade of the Petitioners, and be a Means of increasing the Revenue, and the Number of Seamen, and also of great public Utility; that several Sums of Money hwl been borrowed for the Security of the Harbour, which had been duly applied; that the Wduel's was -Pier'Mailer, and had collected the Harbour Dues for 20 Years; that in i7168 there was a Debt of £. 1,400, ami that near £.600 now remains due; that if was borrowed at different Times, and some of it had been Handing near Twenty Years.

That, by the Increase of the Trade, the Harbour 4s become too final], and rendered incommodious by high Tides and Land Floods, and is in Danger of being totally Hopped up by a Breach in The Cloffacks, at a Place where it formerly ran, almost 70 Years ago.

That they had been paying off the Debt ever fine© 1768, and Hill continued paying it off out of Money collected on the South Side onlythat they paid.off

100 lull Year, befufos making some Improvements.

And being asked. How the^#1,too was laid out? be laid. Oil the Walls and Frame Work on the North Side; the Pile-work there, and on the North Side of The Clofiitcki, and in keeping the Harbour in Repair; that they began to borrow Money in 1757, and continued to borrow till 1768.

And being aik' d. Whether the Harbour was ever in a better Condition than it is now? belaid. It was in 1 ~bS.

And being asked. Where were the Advantages in 1768, and the DiladVantagos now ? he said. By the Point of Gravel lying at the North End of the South Quay, the Harbour is in Danger of being choked up, that Bank being daily increasing; and that he had not a Doubt but in Two Winters Time it would join 21

the Merchants Quay; that it is gaining every Winter; that they have lei’s Water in the South Gut; and he believed there is now 13 Feet 6 Inches Water in the South Gut, at an ordinary Spring Tide.

And being asked, Whether there was in the South Gut more Depth of Water at the lower Tier of Ships at this Period, or Nine Years preceding this Time? he said. There is 6 Indies less in the lower Tier notv than before, owing to the Bank of Sand forcing its Way into the South Gut, but no Alteration in the other Part; that before that Bank came there. Ire remembered Ships lay as safe and easy in the South Gut as now, he meant before the Year 1762; that the River changed its Courie at that Time below the North Pile-work, and by that Means opened a Pafr sage for the Sea into the Harbour.

And being asked. Whether there would not be a Sea? in the South.Gut, as the River now runs, if that Baiilc of Gravel was removed? he said. Yes; unless there was something to intercept that Sea that forces the Bank into, the Harbour.

And being asked, If they ever had so much Water in the Channel entering the Harbour as at present? he said, No; he never remembered so much, but that this Water has continued ever since a low Pile-work Was erected in 1767, to secure the Course of the River, by which Means it was kept in a narrow Compass, and run deep.

And being asked. Whether they had made any Improvements upon the Harbour lately by the Money raised? he fuid. They had been deepening the Bed of the South Gut, and made an Addition of go Yards to the Upper End of the South Quay; that in 1774 and 1775 they built a Pier too Yards long, on the South Side, to Ihelter the Ships that came into the Harbour, which makes them lie much safer on the North Side of the River at Sir James LowthcFs Hur: ries.

And being asked, "Whether it had had'any Effefl upon the South Gut ? he said. He could not say that it had.

And being asked, If it had not prevented the Bank of Sand Horn increasing? he said, It had prevented a Supply of that Gravel that came along Shore, by which Means the Sea lies heavier upon the Bank, near the North End of the South Quay.

And being asked. What particular Part of the South Gut had been deepened ? he said. Between the Merchants Quay and the South Quay; that it was made a Foot deeper at the upper End — that the greatest Depth he remembered in the South Gut was 18 Feet, at ex-eeffive high Spring Tides.

And being asked. What was the greatest Depth ho had lately known at excessive high Spring Tides ? he said. At the lower End of the South Gut about 18 Feet; that that End had not been deepened since he remembered, only the End the farthest from the Sea; but that it required Deepening at the lower End.

And being asked, Why they did not deepen it? h6 said, The Derwent generally Hands back into it; that the Bed of the River below wants deepening.

And being asked. How much Water they carried in high Spring Tides coming into the Harbour; he said. About iq or ao Feet, if they kept in the Bed of the River.

And being asked, What was the Depth, if they did not keep in the Bed of the River? he said. About Two Feet Difference; that the Repair along the South Quay is in good Condition, and the upper End of the Merchants Quay is in Ruins; that there had been no Money laid out on the North Side of the River since 1768; from that Time it had been applied in paying pff the Harbour Debt, and necessary Repairs about the Harbour; that £.100 was laid out last Summer in deepening the South Gut, which they deepened close to the Merchants Quay; that no Money had been laid

out

by

17 Geo. III. 240 Februdriu , a 11

out upon the Merchants Quay, or upon The Cloffacks;likewise cotleCUd the Tolls on the South Side in the Worklngwn that they wished to have laid some out in making up same Manner as Sir James Lowther had collected on Harbour* the Breach in The Cloffacks, but were prevented by a the North Side, from 1768, whether they would not Mr. Simpson, an Agent of Sir James Lowther; that an have expected that Person would have-repaired that

Embankment was begun in order to prevent the Side, and not be a Burthen on the Trust, which hud River in high Floods from breaking over The Cloffacks received no Money? he said> Molt certainly it would into the South Gut. have been expected; and if that had been the Cafe,

And being asked, Whether the River had not al- and they had not done so, tho Harbour mult, in a good ways, in high Floods, since he remembered, flowed over measure, have gone to ruin, and Ships gone to other Part of The Cloffacks ?he said, He did not remember Places to seek for Trade.

an Inliance but one, which was in 1762, from the And being asked, Whether they did not offer to flop-Height of the Flood; that it had frequently come down the Breach in the Cbffacks, though they did not receive that Breach, and brought Gravel and Sand into the any Money on the North Side, foreseeing the Danger South Gut; that the Breach was first made in the Year that would arise, and whether they were not prevented'

1762, and was washed much wider and deeper by a by Sir James Loiother's Agents? he said. He was high Flood in 1773; that they were prevented from threatened with a Prosecution by Mr. Simpson, if he repairing it in October 1775; that he never remembered perfified in endeavouring to make the Embankment, any Quantity of Water coming down it before 1762, or flop the Breach; that the Embankment was a necef-but since that Time, in high Floods, it has rundown in fary Work to flop the Breach.

great Quantities. And being asked, Whether the Sand Bank being

And being asked, If he remembered any Pile-work thrown up, or a Pier being put into the Sea, was the before 1762? he said. Yes; the Pile-work that kept best Way of making the Harbour a good Harbour? the River in its Course was walked away in 1762; that he said, The Pier carried into the Seh; that to have the the present Breach is mode where the Pile-work for- Harbour in the greatest Perfection was to make that merly was; that the Pile-work is wafting every Win- Pier, and remove the Sand Bank at the South Key ter, and the Breach enlarging; that in 1762 it did not End; that the Sand Bank chokes up the Harbour, and appear to be of that dangerousConsequence that it did makes it very difficult of Access into the South Gut; in 1773, when frequent Applications were made to for before that Bank gathered, 30 Ships would have Sir James Lowther's Agents to repair it; that they were easier got to Sea than 1 o now; that it had been gather-

promised Application should be made to Sir James, but ing 5 or 6 Years, nothing was done towards the Repair of it; that the And being asked. Whether Ships would not lie in Reason for their not beginning to repair it, was, the Safety where that Sand Bank is now thrown Up, if a Expectations they had of Sir James L/rwther's Agents Work was carried odt into the Sea, and the Bank rerepairing it. moved? he said. It hinders at least the safe lying of

And being asked, Whether he did not apprehend, if 10 Sail of Ships by the Harbour not being made smooth' all the Water was confined in the Course of The Der- at the Entrance; that Ships formerly lay there. went, in high Floods, without permitting any Overflow And being asked, Whether a Work into the Sea in the old Channel through The Cloffacks, that it would would ohoke up the Mouth of the Harbour, and make be more dangerous for the Ships lying at the North it more difficult of Access ? He said, It would not; lie Quay, or Sir James Lowther'sHurries? he said, He did believed it would make it much better of Access, as

not apprehend it would, from an Eddy being made well as make deeper Water, and better lying for more by the upper or high Hurry which Ihelters the Ships' Ships in the Harbour; and that it would be more con-that lie under the Hurries; that there are great Quan- venient for the Trade of the Town, tities of Gravel thrown up Annually opposite Sir James - And being asked. Whether it would be more con-Lomther’s Hurries by the Current of the River. venient for such Courses as was common for the ma-

And being asked. Whether the entire flopping up jority of the Ships that went from the Harbour ? he the Overflow at The Cloffacks would notoccasion more said, Yes; a very great Majority, Twenty for One. to be lodged? he said, Before there was any Overflow And being asked, Whether the Gravel Bank, where -of The Cloffacks, the same fort of Bank used to be cast Ships formerly lay, answered all the good Purposes of

mip Annually, or as often as there was a Fresh in the going into, going out of, and lying in the Harbour,

River. which he expected from a Work to be put into the Sea ?

And being asked, Why they oeased to borrow Money he said. No. since 1768? lie said, A Tonnage on the Ships that And being asked, upon anlnfpection of such a Place loaded Coals on the North Side of the Harbour was as this in any other Coast, if he was asked the Question, taken from the Trustees by the Agents of Sir James Whether he would not fey, That the Sand Bank was a Lowther; that before 1768 the Trustees received Money1 Nuisance where it was brought down and thrown up? of Ships generally before they came into the Harbour, he said, He certainly-should think it a Nuisance, and he and then they repaired the Harbour on both Sides, as thought it would be one of the first Objects that would Occasion required; that after 1768 Sir James Lowther’& strike an Engineer to remove that Bank.

Agents received all the Money collected on Ships And being asked. What was proposed to be done in-loaded on the North Side, and it was expected they the South Gut? he said, To carry up the South Quay would have repaired the North Side with that Money. 240 Yards, and the Merchants Quay about 340 Yards.

And being asked, Whether they had, since 1768, And being asked. What Ground they would have done any considerable Repairs on tho North Side? he Occasion for to make that Improvement? he said. On said. The Works that were then Handing have been the Merchants Quay, or Cloffacks, there would be kept up. about Two Acres of Gravel, Bed, or Ballast, to be taken

Ana being asked, Whether he did not consider the away. %

Breach in The Cloffacks, to be repaired by Sir James And being asked, Whether the Damage done to pri-Lowther, in consequence of the Money he received of vate Property would be difficult to make Compensation -Ships on the North Side? he said. Before 1768 it was for? he said. He believed not; that he judged fofrom always looked on as Part of the Harbour, and was re- the Value of the Land, as every common Tide flowed newed and repaired with thp Money collected front over it.

Ships, and from that Period it was expected to be re- And being asked. What other private Damage would

paired by the Agents of Sir James Lowther with the be done by the Works proposed? he said. In extending Money collected. the South Qiyiy there would be about Two Acres of

And being asked, If any other private Person had Marffi Land and Gravel Bed to be taken away for Voi\ 36. widening.

)gl(

213

24* Februarii. A. 1777.

Workington widening, which was an undivided Property, of which that if there was Accommodation for too Vessels, the Harbour. \ir Curwen, who is Lord of the Manor, had Seventeen Harbour would answer the Purposes of the Trade, but Twentieths; Sir James Lowlher had Two Twentieths, there is not Room for above Half the Ships now; that and Join 1 Falcon One. none can lie at the Hurries in bad Weather; that

And being asked, Whether the Repair of the Breach there is not Room for above 50 Sail in the South Gut, at The Clqffacks was proposed for the Benefit of the which he looked upon to be the only Place of Safety North Side, or the Ships entering and lying in the in the Harbour; that Ships never lie at the North South Gut ? he said. For thfe Benefit of every Ship Hurries when loaded, but as soon as loaded they haul that made her Entrance into the Harbour; that a Ship into the South Gut for Safety and Shelter; that there cannot be said to be in the Harbour till Ihe is at the are sometimes between 70 and 80 Sail of Ships at End of the Pile-work on the North Side. Home at a Time.

And being asked, What Benefit a Ship, lying at And being asked, Whether the Safety of the Ship-Seaton Wharf, and never entering the South Gut, ping at present does not entirely depend on the Sand would receive from repairing the Breach at Th£ Clos- Bank keeping out the Violence of the Sea? he said, sacks? he said, if the River should effect a Passage Not entirely; that a Pier is proposed to be carried through the old River Course or Breach, there is not down on the North Side to cut off the Sea that falls a Doubt but it would effect a Passage through the into the Harbour.

North Works, and make the Harbour more diflcult of And being asked. Whether the Sea in a Gale of Access for every Ship that wanted to come in Wind, would not ealier remove a Pier, or any Work

And being asked. What Repairs they ever made at - they could build, than it would the present Sand Bank? The Clqffacks ? he said, all the Pile-work ever done he said. He- could not pretend to say, it w'as very on those Grounds was done at the general Expence uncertain.

before 1768; that no Money has been laid out on that And being asked. What Money was collc6ted from Part since; that he did not remember the firli making 1757 to 1768 ? he said. From 1757 to this Time, be-of the Pile-work; that in 1763 the Pile-work at The tween 9 and £. 10,000; that he could not answer from Clqffacks coll about £.300, being almost all walked 1757 to 1768; that he did not know how much of away by the Frellies in November 1762. that was collected on the North Side.

And being asked. If the Sand Bank at the North - And being asked. What Proportion of the Money Point of the South Quay was now taken away, whether collected on the North Side was laid out on that Side Ships would lie in Safety without a Pier; he said. Not from 1757 to 1768? he said. He did not know; but in the same Security they do now. he believed a greater Proportion was laid out on the

And being asked. If he considered the Sand Bank North Side than the Money received there, the Works now as adding to the Security of Ships in the Har- there being very expensive.

hour; he said, Unless there was some Pier or Work And being asked. Whether he did not conceive that done below to intercept the Sea that fends the Bank the Bed of Sand and Gravel thrown up on the North, there, Ships could not lie in the Security they do Side, below the High Hurry, is chiefly occasioned by now; that they considered it Hill as agreat Nuisance; the Force of the Water in the Bed of the River? he that a Pier might be built on either the South or North said. It is merely occasioned by an Eddy being formed Side to Hop it. by the Upper or High Hurry.

And being asked. Whether he considered a Pier as And being asked. Whether that Eddy would not be necessary before they removed the Sand Bask? he said, increased by entirely Hopping the Overflowing of The He considered a Pier on the North Side as necessary. Clqffacks? he said. He could not fee that it would.

And being asked. Whether they proposed any Pier And being asked. Whether a greater Quantity of in the Plan of lait Year in their Petition to Parlia- Water would not come down the Bed of the River in ment ? he said. Yes, on the North Side towards the Floods when that Overflowing was Hopped ? he said. Sea; that in Times of great Floods, or Storms, Ships When a Part is taken off in the old River Course, there lying at Seaton Quay, or at the North Hurries, are muff a less Quantity go down the other Way, and a obliged to come into the South Gut for Safety; that greater Quantity when that is flopped; that a greater if there w as no Pier below, the Top of the Sand Bank Quantity will increase the Force of the Water in the would walh over into the Channel of the South Gut; Bed of the River; that he could not tell whether that that he is not an Engineer. Increase would or would not increase the Eddy.

And being asked, What Experience he. had had of And being asked. If the Force of the Eddy was the Effect of changing the Course of Rivers, or altering increased, whether it would not increase the Bank of the Direction of Tides? he said, lie remembered, be- Sand and Gravel thrown up by the Eddy? he said, fore the Change of the River in 1762, when it ran in The higher a Flood is, the greater Chance it has of a diilerent Direction from what it does now, and near lodging a Quantity of Gravel.

that which it is wanted to be turned to, that the Har- And being asked. Whether that Increase of the Sand bour was perfectly smooth; that he had had no other and Gravel would not render the Harbour less commo-Experience but at the Harbour of Workington, which dious for Ships of Burthen lying at the North Hurries? had been his confiant Attention for Twenty Years. be said. No doubt it would.

And being asked. How soon dffer the Change of the And being asked, If all, or a great Part of the Water River, the Sand Bank formed at the North Point of was to pass over The Clqffacks, whether it would not the South Gut ? he said, He supposed it was about 7 risk leaving the North I Iarbour dry, or render it not or 8 Years before it began to form so near; that there useful? he said. He believed it would utterly destroy always was a Sand Bank, but it lay at so great a Dif- the Harbour.

tance frorh the Mouth of the Gut, that it was rather And being asked. If a Part of a River was fullered ul Service to the Harbour, Three Tier of Ships lying to go through a Breach, whether it would not rtlk the with great Safety within it, between that and the North Whole of the Water going through it? he said. He End of the South Quay. believed it would.

And being asked, What Depth of Water is necef- And being asked. Whether he had answered those fury at common Tides lor Ships that frequent the Har- Quessions as an Engineer, or from a Speculation of his bour? he said, About 13 Feet at low Spring Tides; own, not being learned in that Profession ? he said. He that near 30 Years ago he remembered about 50 Sail answered before, that he was not an Engineer, of Ships used the Harbour, and that there is upwards And being asked, Whether he was not able, without of 100 Sail now, which are much increased in Bur- being an Engineer, to fpcuk certainly to the Effect of all then; that the usual Burthen is from 60 to 250 Tons; the Waters leaving the Course, as spoiling that Part of the

Harbqur ?

17 Geo.' III.

24° Febrwrii.

213

Harbour? he said. If the River was to take a Turn ' over The Chffacks, he believed it would spoil all the Harbour.

And being asked. If, suppofing the Works proposed by the Cut from the South Quay to John Sfnith's House, and the Cut upon The Clqffacks from Merchants Quay,

as marked upon the Plan, were completed, whether there would not then be Room enough in the Harbour for all the Ships that belong to Workington, or which probably could be employed from the Collieries there ? he said. He believed there would be -Room for all the Ships they have belonging to the Harbour at present in the South Gut, which he believes would then hold 100 Sail of such Vessels as they have.

And being asked, If the Breach at The was

so secured that the River D could not carry it away at the same Time from the Height of the Piles permitting an Overflow in very high Floods, whether it could, in that Cafe, be of any Detriment to the South Gut ? he said. No, he did not apprehend it could.

And being asked. How the Money was borrowed before 1768 ? he said, By an Agreement between the Owners of Ships and the Trustees; that the Owners engaged to indemnify the Trustees as far as £.2,000, for the Improvement of the Harbour; that they borrowed about £.1,400, which was all laid out on both Sides of the Harbour, as there was Occasion for Additions and Repairs; that the whole Duties collected were meant as a Security for the Money borrowed.

And being asked, Whether, after 1768, when they did not receive Money of Ships on the North Side, they went on with Improvements in the Harbour ? he said. The I Iarbonr was improved, the South Quay was extended, a Pier was built, and the Bed of the South Gut deepened, and that after that Time they only received the Duties on the South Side; that the Interest of the Money was paid from a Tonnage received for Ships loading on the South Side only, that the Quays on the North Side, in 1768, were in good Repair, a great deal of the Work being done in 1767, and was almoftnew; that since 1768, Ships on the North Side have paid the same Tonnage as before to the Agents of Sir James Lorether; that upwards of £.600 of the principal Debt has been paid off.

And being asked. Whether Sir James Lowther, or his Agents, had contributed to discharge any Principal or Interest out of the Duties they received ? he said, Not any Part of that Debt that flood in the Accounts in 1768.

And being asked. What had been the Annua] Amount of the Tonnage on the South Side for the last 2 or 3 Years? he said. From to £.500; that he did not remember an Instance of the Ship-Masters refilling to pay it, he could not tell why they did not refute, that they believe^ the Money to be duly applied.

And being asked. As. the Tonnage amounts to £.500 a Year, and there is only a Debt of £.600, and the proposed Improvements are only estimated at £.5,100, whether that is not a sufficient Fund for these Improvements without coming to Parliament ? he laid. There is nobody invested with Authority to cut through the Ground, to make Improvements, without Application to Parliament.

And being asked, Whether, as all the Owners of Land have expressly assented, but Sir James Lowther, if he should also act'ent there would be any Occasion for an Act ? he laid, lie thought there would, if it was dor nothing but the good Government of an Harbour where there is 100 Sail of Ships belonging.

And being asked, Ifhe recollected any Inconveniences from the bad Government of the Harbour? he said. Many; that Ships that have loaded on the North Side the Harbour, in hauling from that Place, have frequently stopped up the Mouth of the South Gut when there was Room within for a great many Vessels, and

Vol. 36.

many were lying <fut, and could not get in in Safety:. Workington that it was so last September or October, but he did not Harbour* recollect the Names of the Persons; that he frequently . remonstrated with them on the Impropriety of doing so, but they seldom removed upon that Remonstrance, that Ships frequently abused their Cables, and, their Hulls suffer with lying in the River, the Bottom being Gravel; that the Seaflower, Robert Wilson, received corisiderable Damage by being kept out of the South Gut, he believed it was more than Two Years since,' but could not be certain; that moll of the Ships' that so suffer are Homeward bound; the Seaflower was Homeward bound.

And being asked. Whether Vessids that are Out- ward bound could not easier proceed on their Voyage1 from the River than from the South Gut ? he said, it. made very little Difference; that he never measur$I

' the Breadth of the Entrance to the South Gut at the narrowell Point; that Two Ships oan lie there, and., there is Room for a Third to go pall;-‘that that is the;

Cafe, at all Times, when Ships float; that the Sand

Bank began to coipe nearer the Quay End 6 or-7*

Years ago -t that before that Time 'Ships could lie abreast, and give Room for a Seventh to pass at the ’ narrowell Point; that it has been'growing narrower-every Year; that it was taken away Twq Years ago,' and the Year before that by Ballast-Boals and Hop- ‘ pers, and then there was Room for 6 Ships to lie, and One to pass; that the Works on the North Side are* more expensive than on the South Side,< if Merchants *

Quay is included on the North Side; that when he said that the Money laid out on the North Side exceeded the Duties collected there, he meant to include the Merchants Quay, and the Pile-work on The Cloffacks j that he believes the Merchants Quay is upon Sir James Lowther’s Ground* that it was looked on to be Part of the ancient Harbour.

And being asked, Whether he included the Merchants Quay when he spoke of the Duties collected on the North Side, as well as when he spoke of the Money laid out ? he said. No Duties are collected there, but *

' there is an Anchorage collected for the Use of Sir,

James Lowther.

And being asked. Whether the Hurries on the North Side The Derwent did not belong to Sir James Loiother ?

' he said. The Spout or Hurry,-which the Coals run through into the Ships, belongs to Sir James, but Jhc Frame-Work was built at the Experice of the Owners of Ships; that the Land all along the North Side, he believed, belonged to Sir James Lowther, and that the Ships lie there for no other Purpose but loading at Sir ’

James Lozvther’s Hurries.

And being asked. Who he conceived to be moll interested in keeping up the Works on^ the North Side the Derwent ? he said. He looked upon it to be mutual between the Proprietors of Land and the Owners of-Ships; that if the lying of Ships at the North Quays was rendered less commodious, the probable Consequence would be, that fewer Ships would come there.

And being asked. Who would be the principal Sufferer by that ? he said. He could not immediately answer to the Benefit Sir James Loiother might have from his Collieries, but it would be a great Loss to the Owners of Ships trading the re.

And being asked. Whether there would not be a' less Quantity of Coals shipped at Sir Collieries ? he said. If that Part of the Harbour was made less commodious than formerly, it might be the Cafe.

And being asked. If the Ships lie there merely for the Purpose of loading at Sir James s Hurries,

what Injury the Owners would receive by their being ' prevented from coming the re ? he said. If there were fewer Coals shipped there, the Ships must of Course make fewer Voyages.

31 And

2I4

240 Febmarii. >^.1777.1

Workington

Harbour.

And being aiked, If he did not apprehend that a sufficient Quantity of Coals could not be 11 lipped to supply the Trade, except at Sir James Law t her'» Hurries? he laid. He aprelvended it must be a Stoppage to the Trade in Part, if Coals were Hopped Hupping the re.

And being aiked, Who he conceived to be moil interested in the Quantity of Coals shipped there? he laid. He believed the Profits of the Owners of Ships to be as much as that of the Proprietors; but that be did not know Sir James Lowther's Profits.

And being adked. If a speedy and easy Vent lor the Commodity was not an Advantage to the Proprietors of Coal Mines? he said. If there be a Profit, the more tgey fell the better it must be.

And being aiked, Whether the Expences on the North Side of t^e River, taking in Merchants Quay, and the Pile-works on each Side the Derivent, exceeded the Duties collected on the North Side whilst the Duties were in the Hands of the Trustees, or since Sir James Lowther took Possession ? he foid, Wliilft in the

Hands of the Trustees, he believed.

And being aflted. Whether there had been Expences equal to the Collection laid out on that Part since Sir James Lowther took Possession? lie said. No, he be* lieved not; the Works had just been kept in Repair, and no new ones made.

And being aiked. Whether the heaviest Seas does not set in from the North West upon that Part of the Coast? he said. They set from the North West into the Harbour.

And being aiked. Whether he did not think that the strongest Efforts of the Sea to force a Channel into that Harbour through the Flats, mult not be in a South East Direction ? he Slid, The Sea never makes a Channel into the Harbour, it is the River; that he did not understand the Question.

And being aiked. Whether the Sea at the Mouth of this Harbour, let the Wind be which Way it would, did not come from the North West? he said, It did.

And being aiked. Whether the present Entrance of the River did not run in a South East Direction? he said. It runs from South East to North West, and that the Direction of the Channel is nearly io.

And being aiked, Whether the proposed Pier or Pile-work will not change the Course of the Channel to Eall by South, and West by North? he said. Pretty near that Point.

And being aiked. Whether the strongest natural Course of the River did not form a North West and South East Channel through the Fiats? he laid. The River ran before 1762 in a Course farther South than proposed by the present Improvements; but'in a great Flood, when the River ran with the greatest Rapidity, it forced its Way through the present Channel.

And being aiked, Whether turning the natural Course of the River by the proposed Pier in an East and West Direction, will not weaken its Force to make a Channel through the Flats? he said. He did not apprehend it would.

And being aiked. Whether he apprehended, where there is the same Fall, the Force of the Water is the same in a winding Direction as in a straight one? he said, Any Winding proposed in the Plan will not abate ^lie Force of the Water, he believed.

And being aiked, Whether if the Channel ran to the West ward in its former Course there would be the same Distance between that Channel and the Shore as at the Time he Hated? he said. He did not remember any Alteration in that Part of the Shore.

And being aiked, Whether if there were neither Pier or Pile-work the River would not vary in every Flood? he said. It would be in danger of varying; that the Mouth Qf the River has been a Mile and an Half farther \orth than it is at present; that the Ship* at 22

that Period came with great Difficulty into the Har- ( hour, as he heard old Men say; he believed it was Seventy Years since.

And being aiked. What was the Amount of Money received by Sir James Lowther since 1768 on the North Side? he said, He supposed about £.2,000; and that he believed the Amount of the Receipt on the South Side since that Time was £. 3,000, or upwards, but he could not speak to a Certainty.

Apd being aiked, What Proportion of the Sum laid out on the North Side, including Merchants Quay, had been laid out on the North Side of The Derwent? he said. He could not speak to any Certainty; that when the Money was received under one Direction, it was laid out promiscuously for the general Good of the Whole.

And being aiked, What Proportion of the Money collected on the North Side before 1768 was laid out on the North Side The Derwent ? he said, He could not speak with Certainty; the Accounts were kept general; but, from the Extensiveness of the Works on the North Side, and Merchants Quay and the Pile-work on The Cloffacks, lie was inclined to believe that more was laid out than collected; that he believed the Money laid out on the North Side and Merchants Qugy together, exceeded what was laid out on the South Side the South Gut, and that that was the Excess of Expence he meant to allude to before; that he had no reason to believe* that more Money was expended on the North Side The Derwent alone than was receiv- ' ed there; that he considered the Pile-work on the North Side The Derwent running out into the Sea to be equally beneficial for the Ships entering the South Gut, as those loading on the Seaton Side.

And being aiked, Whether he considered the Pile-work on The Cloffacks to be equally necessary for the Preservation of the South Gut, as it is for those loading on the Seaton Side? he said. He considered it to be for the Benefit of the South Gut, and necessary for the Safety of it.

And being aiked, Whether he considered the Pier run out on the South Side to be equally beneficial to the South Gut? he said. It was intended for a Shelter to the whole Harbour. ~ .

And being aiked, Whether deducting the Half of the Expence necessary to those Works he admitted to be equally beneficial to the Whole, he then thought that as-much Money was laid out for the Benefit of the North Side as was collected from the Ships loading the re? he said. Yes, he did; the South Gut being of equal Benefit to both Sides, arfd the common Receptacle fer every Ship that can get into the Harbour.

And being aiked, Sqppofing the South Gut not considered in that light, whether he then thought that a Sum equal to the Money Collected bn the North Side was laid out there? he laid. No; that the Expence of removing and deepening the Sand Bank in 1774 and 1775 was about £.100, but that there is more Gravel now.

And being aiked. If the Sand Bank was lteep too, in the Inside ? he said. It is as ftcep as the Sea lays, and as lleep as Gravel will lay; that it has been increasing since the new projected Pier was built.

And being aiked, What is the Difference of the Lever gt Low Water between the Top of the Gravel under the Parfba’s Ground, and the Level of the Surface of the River just withan the Pier ? he said, It depends upon the Place from which the Level is taken; that it is a floping lhelving Beach.

And being aiked, What is the Difference of the Level from the highest Part? be said. From the Surface of the;River to the upper End at the Inside of the Pier Hoad is, he supposed,. Nine or Ten Feet, but he could jiot1 speak with Certainty. Then,

: Mr; William JeJop, ;an Engineer, being examined, f4id,. That be took the Plan, and made the Estimate

annexed

17 Geo. III. 24" Februarii. 215

annexed to the Petition; that if the Harbour was deepened and enlarged it would be of public Utility.

And being asked, If there was any Danger of the River Derwent breaking out of its present Course; he said. If the Pile-work upon the North Side The CloJ'acks was not repaired, lie thought there was much Danger of it; that he had surveyed the Harbour; was there Five or Six Days, and had an Opportunity of seeing the Sfet of the Sea; that there was a little Flood while he was there, enough to thew him the Tendency of the Current of the River; and that, from the Ob-fcrvations lie made, and the Information he got, he thought he could form a good Judgment of the Ne-ceflity of the Works proposed to be made by the Pian.

And being desired to give his Reasons for forming that Plan, and the Manner he supposed the Works would operate ? he laid. That when he got to Working-ton he inquired what it was they wanted ? that he was told they wanted the Harbour enlarging, aa it was much too {mall for the Shipping belonging to tt, and others that came in accidentally; and that the Entrance was not so safe as they wished it to be; and that certain Seas came into the Harbour, which gave Diliurbance to Shipping that lay there, more than at a certain Period before; that he inquired what Winds gave most Disturbance, and brought in the greatest Seas; that they acquainted him that the Winds that are from South South Welt to Welt North Welt were those that brought the greatest Seas into the Harbour; that, as be was informed the Harbour was more quiet formerly than now, he inquired whether any remarkable Change had happened in the Form of the Coast or Channel of the River; that they told him, before 1762 the Channel ran more to the South than at present, some Way near the Shore where the Lanthorn Perch is; that while the River ran in that Direction no Complaint had been made of Ships lying oneafyin the Harbour; that be was also informed that at that Time at the Point or Mouth of the South Gut, where now a very large Gravel Bed lies. Eight or Ten Sail of Ships could lie very conveniently; but that, in Consequence of this Change of the River’s Direction, heavy Seas rolled into the Harbour, and brought this Gravel Bed to where it now lies; that for Two Days while he was at Work-mgten the Winds were to the South of the West, and blew pretty strong, and he observed that when the W'inds blew in this Diredsoa the Sea set into the Harbour nearly from the North West, which very nearly eorr^fponds with the present Direction of the River; that this, to him, in some Measure, accounted for the Change of it, for he observed, that if the Channel of the River had been more to the North than it is now, the Seas would in some Measure run acrose it in a Direction from West to East; and that, if it had been mare to the South than it was then, it would have crofted it in a contrary Direction from more Northwardly Points, as the Sea farther from the Shore more nearly corresponds with the Direction of the Winds than it does near the Shore: That he confidened, that if the Channel of the River, instead of its present Direction, had ran more to the North, though the Sea might- have come more quietly into the Harbour, yet the Access to the Harbour would have been very difficult and inconvenient, as by for the greatest Quantity of Shipping; he was informed, that used the Harbour, come from and go to the South; so that with the same H ind that brought them to Workington they coilld not get into the Harbour, nor could they conveniently get out of the Harbour with a Wind that would be favourable to their Voyage outward.

That thele were the principal Reasons that induced him to think a more Southwardly Direction to the Channel of the River would be an Improvement to the Entrance of the Harbour; that he also considered that the building aPier in this Direction would intercept 0 Vol. 36.

the Seas that now roll into the Harbour, and that Workington

Ships would lie more quietly: that to enlarge the Harbour.

Harbour the most obvious Means that offered them-

selves to him, were the continuing the Merchants Quay

and the South Quay (as shewnan the Plan) and digging

out that Part of The CloJ'ack and Priestgate Marsh that

would be included between those Quays; to take away

the Gravel Bed at the Mouth of the South Gut, and

Pkrt of the North End of the South Quay; that

as he was informed that the River , when great

Snows lie upon the Mountains in , was apt

to bring down very great Floods from the melting of the

Snow, and as he observed that upon the North Side of

The Clojfack a very large Breach had been made in

some Pile-work that was meant for keeping the River

in its Channel, and as it seemed to him that it was very

Srobable the River might make a Passage through that reach into the South Gut, which would probably be the Destruction not only of the Harbour there, but would render useless the "Wharfs or Quays on the North Side also, he recommended that that Breach should be made up, and the Pile-work put iu good Repair; and, to make the Quays on the North Side more commodious, he proposed the joining the North Quay and Seaton Quay by a new Quay; that to facilitate the digging out the Harbour, he proposed that a small Sluice should be built upon The Mill Race, which would flop the Water for a few Hours at a Time, and the Men that were working would work dry, and when it was full of Water that it might operate, by letting it out suddenly, in scouring away the loose Matter; and that if the Proprietors of the Land had no Objection to it, it might remain, oceafionally to scour the Mud out of the Harbour, which is now taken out by manual Labour.

And being asked. What was the particular Purpose-. proposed by the Work that is to join Seaton Quay and the North Quay ? he said. He meant nothing more but making the Quays more commodious, it being a Work no way material to the Harbour; that he did-not conceive any other material Purpose would be answered by.it.

And being asked. Whether there was any other Purpose intended by the Continuation of the Merchants Quay and the South Quay than that of enlarging the Harbour? he laid. Yes; the Harbour might be enlarged without making Quays, but he considered them as an Accommodation to the Proprietors of Ground on the Side of the Harbour which is to be enlarged, by digging out the Ground between them.

And beiBg asked, Whether the digging out the Ground between them was intended to answer any Other Purpose to the Harbour, but that of enlarging ft; he-laid. He meant nothing more by it than en-. forging and deepening.-

And being asked. Whether the Sluice would answer any Purpose of increasing the Force of the Water for scouring out the Harbour ? he said. He apprehended it would.

And being asked, Whether he conceived that that Effect might be made pretty copsiderable? he said.

He did not apprehend it could be enough to do without the Assistance of Men, but it would greatly assist in cleaning out the Harbour.

And being asked, If the Gravel Bed which lies at the Entrance of the South Gut was cleared away by Labour, whether that would not also assist in preventing the future Accumulation of it ? he said. He did not apprehend it would have much effeCl upon the Gravel Bed, because the Declivity of the Harbour is not very great, and the Quantity of Water that would be. ac->. cumulated not very great either, as it was not meant to raise it so high as to pen it upon the Land.

' And being asked. To what Height he would pro-, pole to raise it by that Sluice, so as not to throw it upon, the Land ? he said. He did not take any Level

2 i6 24° Februarii. A. 1777.

Workington of the Height of the Land above the Bottom of The waihed down by the Sea or Land Floods, which lie Harbour liuce, and could not say what Height it would should not recommend them to do, that would be the

be. Consequence.

And being asked, "Whether the taking-off aPart of And being asked, If the proposed Pile-work from the End of the South Quay, and altering the Direction A to B had been placed in opposition to the great of it in the Manner proposed by the Plan, is intended Flood of the River in 1762, which changed the natural for any other Purpose than that of widening the End Course of its Channel to where it now is, whether of the South Gut ? he said, It is meant to make more he thought such a Pile-work would have proved strong Room as a Wharf in a Part of the Harbour that is enough to refill so violent and heavy a Burthen of the most useful. Water? he said. He meant to recommend the making

And being asked, Whether that Purpose would not if luCli a Pile-work as he apprehended would withstand be answered as well by extending the South Quay in it; but if Part of it should be taken away it was not Hie same Direction it now is, as by taking off a Part very expensive Kind of Work, and might ealily be re-of it, and making the new Work proposed ? he said, paired again.

He apprehended not, because if the Operation of the And being asked. Whether he could take upon him North Pier is what it is expected to be, great Part of to say that any Pier that could be made in the Direction the Space between the South Pier and the Point of the proposed, entirely eroding the present Channel of the South Quay will serve as Part of the Harbour; that River, and at that Distance from High Water Mark, Ships will probably lie there in Quiet. would be able to withstand the Force of the Seas

And being asked. Whether the taking off that coming from the North West, or of the Land Floods Head of the South Quay and changing the Direction, coming down the River? he said. He had not Pre-' would not render the Part of the Harbour that lies fumption enough to say that it certainly would, but he within that Work more exposed to the Action of the had the same degree of Certainty as he should of Sea r he said. Not if the North Pier lhelters it from building a Bridge oyer that or any other River of the the Sea as much as it is expeCled to do. same Kind.

.. And being asked, If it was clear that the Noith And being asked. Whether he conceived that the Pier would Ihelter it sufficiently to prevent any incon- Force of Water acting against a Pier which entirely vcnience arising from that Part of the Work proposed ?. crosses its Channel, is no greater than the Force of the he said. It was impossible, he believed, to say what same Water acting against a Bridge which lets the might exactly be the Effect of it, but he was pretty greatest Part of it through ? he said. If the Pier in well satisfied in his own Mind that it would do it in a Question was referred to, he conceived it would not great degree; and if it should not do it effectually, he have a greater Force.

apprehended it might with greater Certainty be done And being asked. Whether a Bridge without Arches by carrying out a small Pier Halfway between the would refill the Force of a River as long as a Bridge , present South Pier and the End of the South Quay. with ? he said. He had no Idea of a Bridge without And being asked. If he apprehended that Part of Arches; but he apprehended, that Water running the Alterations proposed might possibly make an addi- against a dead Wall would be less liable to throw it tional Work necessary hereafter in case his Expectations down than it would the Pier of an Arch, if they are from the Effect of the North Pier should in any degree equally llrong; for Water generally operated in throw-be disappointed ? he said. No, not in any degree; but ing down any Work that Was built in it by gradually if it was disappointed in any considerable degree it taking away the matter that is underneath; and it might then be necessary, but not absolutely so, it might more liable to do that by glancing - in an oblique Di-be more or less commodious; that without it, it was a reClion against it than by running upon it perpendicu-pretty tolerable Harbour. larly.

And being asked, Whether the intended Direction And being asked. Whether the intended Pier would of the new Wharf (at Letter C in the Plan) was not cross the Channel of the River at right Angles or in an to be nearly North West and South East? he said, oblique Direction ? he said. When the Pier "was made Nearly so. it would not cross the Channel of the River at all.

And being asked. Whether the Entrance of the And being asked. By what Means he intended to Harbour would not then be between the End of the divert the River from its present Channel? he said, By South Pier apd the North Pier at Letter A ? he said, the Pier and the Pile-work at the End of it.

IJe considered that the Entrance of the Harbour would And being asked, if the intended Pier was to be the begin at the West End of the intended North Pier, Means of diverting the River from its present Channel, and that when they are got within the South Pier they whether it would not cross that Channel till it was di-are in the Harbour. . verted? he said, It would not directly cross it, the

... And being asked, Whether the Opening of the Channel would continually fly from it, which he con-llarbour between the North End of the South fidered as a very great Advantage to the Work.

Pier, and that Part of the North Pier which lies And being asked. Whether as he proceeded in ad-directly opposite to it, does not lie nearly North West vancing the intended Pier in an oblique Direction from the Entrance of the South Gut ? he said. It does across the present Channel of the River, the Water of nearly. the River would not glance along the Work in an

And being asked. Whether the Ships that lie at oblique Direction? he said. It would; but by so the new Wharf (at Letter C in the Plan) will not lie doing he conceived it would be a very great Advantage directly in the Range of the Seas rolling from that lall- to the Work; for, though it would occasion some ex-mentioned Opening to the South Gut? he said. He traordinary Trouble to the Workmen in the Execution did not admit that any Seas that could considerably of it, by obliging them to work in deep Water, yet, disturb the Harbour would come in that Direction, for after it was finished, it would be much more perma-lie expected the intended North Pier would prevent nent,. and less liable to be affected by Floods, than if them. it had been built out of the Channel of the River, be-

And being asked, If, either by the Force of the Sea cause the loose Matter would be taken away, and they on one Side, or of the Land Floods on the other, the might throw in inllead of it large and heavy Stones North Pier should be carried away, or very considerably that the Water would not be liable to move, damaged, whether the Harbour would not then lie ex- And being asked, Suppofing the intended Pier to be posed to the whole Weight of the Sea from the North finished, whether the Water would not at the Angle West, and be much less secure than it is at present ? w'hich it would form with the present Pile-work, and for he said, If they build such a Pier as will be liable to be some little Distance below’ it, still continue to glance

along

17 Geo. Ill

24* Februdrii.

217

along it in 'an oblique Direction ? he fai<l. He apprehended it would continue for many Ages, if nothing prevented it.

And being asked. Whether that was not the Direction in which he had before said Water had the greatest Tendency to undermine and destroy a Work ? he said, It was; that he knows the State of the Shore to the Southward of the intended Pier, and got the befl Information he could, with respect to the ancient State of it.

And being asked. Whether, from that Information, and his own Observations, he conceived the Land to have gained upon the Sea, and in what Part ? he said. He believed the Fast was, that all the Land to the Northward of the 1 Iarbour had gained very considerably from the Sea; that the Coast'to the Southward of the Round Point, near The Folley, was losing Ground, and that between that Point and the Harbour the Ground had not fulTered much Alteration one Way or the other.

And being asked, Whether he apprehended that the Land had not gained upon the Sea opposite the Lan-thorn Perch, to the Westward of the Harbour, and the

Southward of the intended Pile-work ? he said, He ap-

Erehended, since the Alteration of the Channel of the ’iver in 1762, it had gained in some Degree.

And being asked. To what Cause he conceived the Increase of the I and to the Northward of The Folley had been chiefly owning? he said, to the great Quantity of Gravel and Beach that travelled on the Coail from the South to the North.

And being asked, Whether that Gravel and Beach which was so carried along the Coall, did not deposit itself partly on the Shore that lay immediately round the Point, and partly to the Northward of the Harbour ? he said. He believed it did.

And being asked. Whether the Projection of the Pier and PHc-work, in the Direction proposed, would not, in some degree, intercept that Sand and Gravel which was carried Coastwise from North to South, and run the Risk of choaking up the River in the new Channel proposed, or of raising a conlklerable Bar at the Mouth ? lie said. It would in some degree intercept that Gravel, but there was not the lealt Danger of choaking the River, or raising a Bar at the Mouth of it, the scouring Power of the River being much more than equal to the removing any Obstruction it would tend to make.

And being asked. By what Means he had been able to estimate the Force with which that SAnd and Gravel was carried Coastwise in the Winter Storms upon that Coall? he said. Partly by Information; partly by Analogy, by comparing it with the Operation of other Streams of Water; and partly by the Appearance of the Coall, anti the Gravel that lays thereon.

And being asked, Wl*ether he conceived that the Force of the River would be as great at the End of the new intended Pile-work as it is at the End of the present Pile-work, which is so much nearer the Month erf the River ? he said. He could not fee any Reason why it should not.

And being asked. Whether the Entrance of the River Denvent is not formed by a Channel leading through extensive Flats? he said, At Low Water when the Tide was out, the River ,from be-

low the End of the Pile-work to Low Water Mark, runs over a shifting Bed of Gravel, arid perhaps is not the same Two Days together, and the greatest Part of the Way is fordable below the Pile-work; that there is no Banks on either Side of it; but at High Water Mark the Entrance to the River , properly

speaking, is above the Harbonr.

' And being asked. What he called the Entrance of the Harbour from the Sea ? he said. The Opening between the End of the South and North Piers.

And being asked. What he called the Mouth of the You. 36

River Derwent from the Sea at Low Water ? he said, Workington That Part of it where the Fresh Water meets the Salt, R®rbour-that there is a great Quantity of Gravel or Beach that is continually travelling from the South to the North along the Coast.

And being asked. If a Bar should be formed at the Mouth of the Derwent, whether it would not prevent Ships from failing into the Harbour? he said. If a Bar should be formed so high, that the Keels of Ships should touch it, it would; but that he apprehended would he impossible.

And being asked. If he did not think that a heavy Sea, rolling m with the Flood Tide, mull not assist to scour the Channel in its present Direction ? he said. He did not think so; for if there was no Sea at all, the Channel would be Hill deeper than it is.

And being asked. Whether the Stream of the Derwent was not the only Means he relied on to prevent a Bar from being thrown up by the Sea ? he said, It was, and he would not wish for any other Means.

And being asked , If there was no Sea, whether there would be any drifting Gravel or Sand travelling along the Coast ? he said. There would not; but if, by any other Means than the Sea there was, it would still be deeper without a Tide than with; that so far from the Flood Tides assisting the River in scouring the Channel, if the Salt Water was never to come above Low Water Mark, the Channel of the River would wear itself deeper than it is now.

And being asked, Whether the Stream of the Derwent would not be considerably weakened by changing it out of its natural Course from a straight to a curved Line? he laid. He believed in the present Cafe, it could make no sensible Difference.

And being asked. Whether the present Harbonr was not prote6fced from the Force of the Sea by the Beach (marked C in the Plan) which he proposed to remove ? he said, It was, and that the Pier is meant to answer that Purpose; but if it gave way, the Harbour would lie open to the Sea.

And being asked. What Direction the new Channel is to run in from the Jun&ton of the new Pier to the old Frame-work ? he said, Nearly from Eall by South to Well by North.

And being asked. If he did not think Ships coming from the Northward, that could shape a Course into the present Channel of the Harbour, might be prevented from getting in by the proposed Alterations of its Entrance to the Eastward ? he said. He did think in some Cafes they might be prevented, but he thought the Jofing of One Advantage to gain Twenty would be no Loss upon the whole; for he had been informed, that Twenty Ships came from the Southward while One came from the Northward.

And being asked. Whether the Alteration of its Entrance to the Eastward would admit one Vessel more into the Harbour that was coming from the Southward than the present Channel ? he said. He apprehended it would admit many more.

And being asked, Whether he did not conceive the Advantage to arise from Winds which blow from between the North and East ? he said. No, he did not, he meant the Winds from between the South and West, that Vessds will come in with Winds a Point or two more to the Southward than they can at present.

And being asked. Whether the new Channel will not ran nearer the Shore than when it took its ancient Course in that Direction ? he said. It will.

And being asked. Whether the Gravel and Sand which drives along the Coall had gained considerably on the South Shore ? he said. Not very considerably.

The Witness having said, that it was impoffibie such a Bar could be thrown up at the Mouth of the,

as to prevent Ships coming in, he was asked. If, at the Month of a River, which runs over shifting Beds of Gravel, where aconsiderable Quantity of Sand and Gravel

3 K are

si8

240 Februarii. 1777.

Workington arc carried Coastwise (if that Sand and Gravel should Harbour. be ;n Part intercepted by a new Work, and the Channel of the River changed} whether it was possible for any Engineer to eilimate, with Certainty, the Effect which the Force of the Sea on one Side, and of the Stream of the River on the other, might produce towards throwing up a Bar ? he answered. In the present same it is possible to estimate, with all moral Certainty, what it will not do, for at the Mouth of the River Derwent, as above described, there is 33 Feet Depth of Water, when there is only 13 in the Harbour.

And being asked, When a Quantity of Sand, Gravel, or Mud, was carried down by Land Floods in a River into the Sea to High Water Mark, whether that which continued to drive it farther is not the Excess of the Force of the Water of the River in one Direction above that of the Sea in the other? he said. It is.

And being asked, If it is not deposited at or near the Place where those Forces became equal? he said. Yes, but in the present same it did not remain there.

And being asked. By what Cause it is carried from thence ? he mid, By the same Action of the Sea driving it from the South to the North that brings the Gravel and Beach.

And being asked. Whether the Force of the Sea in Storms setting in to the Mouth of the Harbour will not be greater than the Force of the Sea in the Direction from South to North, by which the Gravel and Beach was carried Coastwise ? he said. So long as the Storm remains perhaps it may, but as soon as it is over it loses the Ground it gained while it lalied.

And being asked, Whether that might not produce a temporary Bar during, and for some Time after, great Storms, so as to render it more difficult and dangerous for Ships to take Shelter in the Harbour at the Time when they have moll Occasion ? he said, He believed it was probable that would never be the Cafe.

And being asked, Whether very considerable Quantities of Sand, Gravel, and Mud were not carried down by the River Derwent in Land Floods? he said. He believed there were, but what is carried down by that Means apparently adds no more to the Coail than the River does to the Sea.

And being asked. Whether he had estimated the Place where the Force of the River Derwent loses itself so far as not to exceed that of the Sea ? he said. He had, and believed it to be at or below Low Water Mark.

And being asked. If he spoke of the Force of it in Floods, or of the ordinary Course of the River ? he said. He spoke of the Average, considering both together.

And being asked, Whether the Water, in the present Channel of the Derwent, below High Water Mark, is not deeper than when it ran in its former Channel more to the Southward ? he said. He could not answer, having had no Information.

The Witness having said, that the Water would run obliquely against the Beginning or Eall End of the new rier, at the Point of its Junction to the old, he was asked. Whether that would not lay a Stress upon > that End of the new Pier, tending to undermine, and so carry it away? he answered, It would tend do it, in the same Manner as the River Thames tends to undermine the Foundation of Westminster Bridge.

And being asked. Whether he conceived that it would be possible to fortify the Pier in that Place sufficient to withstand it ? he said, He did not conceive any Difficulty in making a Pier Itrong enough to withstand it.

And being asked. Whether he conceived that the remaining Part of the Pier would be in any Degree saved, by that End of it having received the first Force or Brunt of the Water, and so having diverted the Stream to run nearly in the Direction of the Remainder

of the Pier ?v he said, he did conceive it would be rather an Advantage to the rest, of the Pier.

And being asked. Whether, when he said there would be no Difficulty in fortifying that first Corner, he spoke with that Degree of Certainty which is reasonably to be expected in Works of this Kind ? he said. He did.

And being asked, When it is necessary to run out Piers in any Situation, whether it was not proper that they should cross or thwart some outward Force, from which he expected Danger ? he said. Certainly, otherwise Piers would be useless.

And being asked. If it is not often the moll necessary to interpose Piers and Defences of this Kind, where that Force was the strongell and the Danger the greatest ? he said. It is.

And being asked. If the Stress that laid upon such Pier or Work mull not be proportioned to the Force which it was intended to keep oft ? he said. It mull.

And being asked, "Whether he apprehended that in this particular Situation this Pier could be made sufficiently strong, so as to keep off that outward Force? he said. He apprehended it might be made more than sufficiently strong.

And being asked. Whether it was not often prudent and safe, when he had interposed new Defences against a Danger, to take away old and less effectual ones; although, if the new ones were then to be carried away, he would be in a worse same than before; meaning, when he had a solid Ground of Certainty of the Stability of the new Work, according to the Rules of this Art ? he said. It was.

And being asked. If he had that solid Ground of Certainty here ? he said, He had.

And being asked. If he knew how many Hours before and after High Water there was Water in the Harbour? He said, He never made that Inquiry.

And being asked. Whether the Channel of the River would be narrowed, or more spread, over against The Lantliorn Perch, by the making of the new Work ? he faitk It would most probably be narrowed.

And being asked. Whether the new Work would tend to make the Lantliorn Perch Shore grow more to the Northward ? he said. He believed it would have the contrary Effect.

And being asked. Whether it would tend to make the Shore between The Lantliorn Perch and the South Pier grow more to the Northward? he said. He believed it would have the contrary Effect, because when it came within the Reach of the River it could never after that increase, as the Land Water would carry it off as fail as it came.

And being asked. Whether it would not foonercome to the River Side for the new Work being made ? he said. It was probable it might to the new River Side.

And being asked. Whether the Pier, mentioned by him before, and proposed to run from the Timber Yard Northwards, about Middle-way, between the present South Pier, and the Entrance of the South Gut, would not have the Effect to prevent a further Accumulation of Gravel at the Entrance of the South Gut, which had lately happened, especially if the South Pier was advanced a little nearer to the present Course of the River? he said. It would in some degree' have that Effect.

And being asked. Whether it would not, though the South Pier was not advanced Northwards ? he said, It would still have that Effect, but in a less degree.

And being asked. If the present Harbour was enlarged in the Manner proposed in the Plan, and the Accumulation of Gravel at the Entrance of the South Gut so far prevented, as that it could be easily removed annually, whether the present Harbour would not be in very good Condition ? he said, It would be in a better Condition than at present, but it would still be liable

to

17 Geo. III.

2 40 Februarii.

219

to be disturbed by the Sea that rolls in from the North West; and that it would want the proposed Advantage of Ships coming in better with a Southerly Wind, and going out with a Northwardly one.

And being aiked, Whether the Experiment of changing the Course of the River ought to be hazarded, till the Effect of the proposed Alteration by a Pier from the Timber Yard had been tried? he said, He did think it ought, and would certainly recommend it as one of the moll necessary Works that could be done.

And being aflcc’d, If the South Gut was enlarged, as proposed in the Plan, and the Entrance into it secured against becoming narrower, and the Breach in The Clojfacks perfectly secured against Land Floods, whether the Inhabitants of Workington, in that Cafe, would not have a safe and commodious Harbour? he said. They would have a better Harbour than now, but not so good as if all the Works were executed as proposed by the Plan.

And being asked, Whether he expected, by those Works, that Ships at The North Hurries would lie quieter and safer than now'? he said. Yes, much quieter and safer.

And being asked, Supposing the Sea to come in from the West South West, whether it would, by meeting the Pier proposed to be erected, or expending itself upon the Beech, suppoiing no Pier, in which Cafe, the Sea coming in that Direction, would the Ships lie quieteli at The North Hurries? he said. Without a Pier, but he believed the Seas never came in that Direction.

And being asked. Whether the (topping up the old Channel of the River on the South Side The as proposed in the Plan, would not be a Means of keeping back the Water in High Land Floods? he said. He believed not, iu any sensible Degree.

And being aiked, Whether the great Body of Water that comes down The Dencent in High Land Floods would not be retarded in its Progress between the Pile-Works and the new projected Pier on the Seaton Side ? he said. He believed not, in any sensible degree.

And being asked. If the Water in its Progress should be retarded by any or all of the before-mentioned Barriers, and should be thrown back in High Land Floods, whether it might not cause the River Derwent to force a Passage through the old Channel at Cloddy or Long Syke?he said. It certainly, in the present Cafe,

could not have any such Effect.

And being aiked. If the River Derwent should, by the before-mentioned Stoppages, force its way through Cloddy Hole or Long Syke, whether what he had described to be the Mouth of the intended Harbour would not be blocked up by Gravel or Sand forced from the Sea, and the South Gut be rendered useless. Ships then not being able to come in or go out? lie said, Those would most certainly be the Conl’equences.

And being asked. It the River Derwent in High Land Floods should be forced into a narrow Channel, by the intended and projected Works, whether it might not be the Means of carrying away the South End of The Hurries on the Seaton Side ? he said, if the River

Deiicent was forced into a Channel much narrower than is intended, it might have that Tendency.

And being aiked. If the South End of The Hurries on the Seaton Side should be carried away by the Force of the River Dencent, whether the Ships lying at Seaton Quay would not be expo fed to the Torrent of the River Derwent, and consequently rendered unl’afe in their Situation? he said. They would be more exposed than at present, and this would lie the Cafe, whether the new Works were done or not.

And being aiked, If they could then load there with Safety? he laid, He apprehended not with so much Safety as at present.

And being aiked. If he meant to underlet the pre-Vol. 36.

sent Quays when he deepened the Harbour? he said, Workington He did, on both Sides the Gut, as much as the Har- u. our* bour was deepened.

And being aiked, If the projected Work should break down, what would be the Consequence to the Shipping in the whole of the Harbour, both on the North Side and South Gut ? he said. He believed it would give some Obstruction to the Entrance of Ships, and the Harbour would be less quiet than it would b» with it.

And being aiked. What Height he meant the Pile-work to be ? he said. About the same Height that the present Pile-work is.

And being aiked. What Height the North Pier is to be? he said, The main Body of it is to be carried to the Height of the Spring Tides, and upon the Top of that a parapet Wall Four Feet higher.

And being aiked. Whether the Two Piers and the Gravel Bank were rrot likely to force the Ships into the Channel of the River? he laid. He apprehended they would always come into or near the Channel of the River, as they did at present.

And being aiked. Whether there were no other Works necessary than those in the-Estimate? he said.

He apprehended not.

And being aiked. Whether the South and South West Winds would not bring Gravel and Sand, which he proposed would be washed away, back into the Harbour? he said, They would cause the Sea to bring it as at present.

And being aiked. What is to become of the Gravel, washed into the Mouth of the Harbour, that is out of the Course of the River? he said, If so much should lay there as to become an Obstruction, as is not likely to be so, it must be removed by manual Labour.

And being aiked. When the Water was Hopped by the Sluice in the Mill Race, how or where he would turn it? he said. No where, for he meant, as soon as the Sluice was fall, to let it run agaio.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring m a Bill for amending, enlarging, deepening, preserving, and improving, the Harbour of Workington, in the County of Cumberland, and for discharging certain Debts already contracted, on account of tire said Harbour: And that Mr. Fletcher and Mr. Anthony Bacon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr, Vyner presented to the House, according to Kinaington Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Indofiu*. Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Parish of Kir-ninglon, otherwise Kirmington, in the County of And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, WInthorpe Meadows, and Grounds, in the Parish of Winlhorpe, Inclosure. in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

RcHdied, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chay-for, Mr. Townshend, Sec.: And they are to meet;

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Purling reported from the Committee, to whom Crook hill, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, &c. and others, residing in or itear the Boroughs of Wey* Road* mouth and Melcombe Regis, and Bridport, an< I the several Towns or Parishes of Chickrell, Fleet, Langton Herring,

Por tesham. Abbot, (bury, Punckntmle, Swyrc, Burton, -

Jtock, and Bothenhampton, in the County of Dorset, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report

220 240 Februarii. A. 1777.

port the fame, ad it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Jvfcjik Hardy, being examined, said. That the Roads leading from CrookhiU, in the Parish of Chickrell (being

the Place where the Western Part of the present Turnpike Road from Weymouth ends) through the Towns or Parishes of Chickrell, Flee

Abbotsbury, Pune know le, Burton, and

Bothenhampton, to Bridport, contain about Fifteen Miles in Length, and are in a very ruinous Condition, inconvenient for Wheel Carriages, and in many Places narrow and dangerous to Travellers, and cannot be effectually repaired, widened, and rendered commodious, by the ordinary Methods provided by Law.

Francis Steward, Esquire, and William Miccard, confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring m a Bill ' Tor amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from CrookhiU, in the Parish in the County of Dorset, to the Borough of Bridport, in the said County: And that Mr. Purling and Mr. Pitt do prepare, and bring in, the- fame.

Lincoln, A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act niade in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from the City of Lincoln, and for repairing and widening the Roads from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road at the Foot of Brace* bridge Bridge^ over the said Bridge Westward, to the Extremity of the County of Lincoln, near a Place called Potter HiU, and from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road, at the Foot of Cam&icke HiU, Southward^ to a Windmill at the Top of the said Hill, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Townshend, fice.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossbd Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Divorce, fcodifiblve the Marriage of John Potter Harris, Esquire, with Elizabeth Martha Plowden, his now Wife,

and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

.Resolved, That this House frill, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 4th Day of March next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

Chesttr Mr. Wilbraham Bootle presented to the House, ac-Theauc. cording to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to license a Theatre in the City of Chester: And the Rime was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

Willoughby Mr. Phelips presented to the House, according to Hed« Order, a Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Eighteen Mile Stone, beyond Willoughby Hedge, through the Town of Mere, in the County of Wilts, and through Wincanton to Charlton Houthom, and from thence to MilbomePort, and from Willoughby

Hedge aforesaid, to the West End of Long Lane, in Kttmington, and from Wincanton aforesaid, to The Sher-born Turnpike Cross Gate, on Cattle HiU, and from Wincanton. to Sparkford, in the County of Somerset:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Thomas Eger ton presented to the House, accord- Yealand* ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- Inclosure. mon and Waste Grounds, and certain Common Fields, and also Two Modes, called WaithMofs, and Hil-derjtone Moss, within the Manor of Yealands, in the Parish of Warton, and County Palatine of:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Com- Stre-mm rnons and W afte Grounds, within the Manor of Inclosure.

in the Parishes of Northwingfield and Morton, in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Com- Shireland mons and Waste Grounds, w ithin the Manor of Shir- Incfofure. land, in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Montagu, kc.:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repealing so much of Three Acts, made Derby-in the Eleventh, Seventeenth, and Thirty-third Years to of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of oa ’

in the County of Derby, as delates to the Road leading from the North Side of Cavendish Bridge, in the said:

County of Derby, through the said Town of Derby, to Braffington, in the said County; and for making more effectual Provision for the Repair of the said Road, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Gavendish, Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Edward AJtley presented to the House, according Carltoa to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Old Whole Year f ndofures. Common Fields, Com- *ncio*ure' mons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Carlton Rode, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read: a Second Time.

Mr. Coke of Norfolk presented to the House, accord- Little ing to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Creffingiiam the Open and Common Fields, Heaths, Half Year ^nclo<ttre* Lands, and other Commonable Meadows, Pastures, and Grounds, within the Parish of Little in the County of Norfolk: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Tw o Leed* Acts of Parliament, One passed in the Twenty-fifth Year to

of the Reign of his late Majesty Kinthe Second, Ri|»n

intituled, "An Act for repairing the Roads from the oadl’'

" Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South " West Comer of the Inclosures of Harrowgate, and,

,f from thence, m Two Branches (One through Ripley " over Burage Green, and the other through " borough and Boroughbridge) to Ripon, and from

17 " thence

i^-

A

i7 Geo. III.

24° Februarii.

221

" thence to the First Riil of Water or Watercourse on itself signed by aboht Sixty Persons, and transmittedto " Hutton Moot, in the County, of York, and for re* London with so much Secrecy, that none of the Petitionpairing the Sloughs or Rutts on the said Moor;" and ers received Intimation thereof till after the same was the other, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of his said presented to the Hottfe, which clandestine Procedure Majesty’s lleign, to explain and amend the said first* hath given the Petitioners Reason to apprehend, that mentioned Act, with respect to those Parts of the said the Promoters of the said Petition have formed Designs

Thafncs

Navigation*

Strera

Bridge

and

GlouceQcr

Streets.

detrimental to the Petitioners and the Public; and that it is of the utmost Concern to the Public in general, and to the Trade of the said City, and to the Owners and Occupiers of Estates and Farms on the Side

of the River Severn in particular, under what Powers and Regulations the Bridge at Maifemore shall be erect-the Speaker’s ed and afterwards kept in Repair; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that a Drawbridge at the said West Gate will be very inconvenient and prejudical to the Inhabitants of the said City, and to all Persons resorting to and from the same, and not of any public Utility sufficient to counterbalance the inconvenience it will necessarily occasion; but that it will be veiy much for

Duke of

Mauchester's

Roads from Harrow gate, through Ripley and Ripon, to

the North -Fall Corner of Hutton Moor, and from the

East End of Kirby Hill Moor to the Town of Ripon

aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Rrjulvcd, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lalo-

rence, Mr. Lafcelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in Clamber.

The House was moved. That the Petition of several of the Barge Masters, and other Persons concerned in

the Navigation of the River Themes; whose Names are

thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others concerned in the said Navigation, which was presented the Advantage and Ornament of the said City, to have to the House upon the 22ft Day of January last, and the present Bridge entirely taken down and rebuilt; and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the Petitioners apprehend, that the repairing and widen-enabting the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the ing the Causeway and Arches leading towards , City of London, to purchase the present Tolls and Du- mentioned in the said Petition, is a Work of absolute ties payable for navigating upon' the River Thames, Necessity, for that the same are much out of Repair Westward of London Bridge, within the Liberties of and too narrow and dangerous; and representing to the the City of London; and for laying a small Toll, in House, that' the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common lieu thereof, for the Purpose of more effectually com- Council, of the said City of Gloucester, in their Corpo-pleating the said Navigation, should be brought in, rate Capacity, and in Right of, and jnTruftfor, them-might be again read. selves, and the rest of the Burgesses of the said City, are

And the same being being read accordingly; seised of divers Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the and Hereditaments, of a very considerableannual Valud; Committee to whom the said Bill is committed. and the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council,

have for Time immemorial repaired, and (till ought to repair, the said Causeway and Arches, and The West Gate Bridge, out of the public Stock of the said City; and that therefore the Petitioners apprehend, it would be a Grievance to the Public, if any Toll or Tax should be granted for the repairing or re-building the

Sir George Yonge reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the several Rectories, Parsonages, Churches, and Chapels, of Rockburne, Beeamore, South Charford, Hale, Whitsbury, and with the

Glebe Lands, Tithes, and other Appurtenances, thereto said Wft Gate Bridge, or repairing or widening the said respectively belonging. Part of the settled Estate of the Causeway and Arches, unless it shall satisfactorily appear most Noble George Duke of Manchester, in Trustees, to the House, that all the Funds and Estates charged upon certain Trust therein expressed; and for settling with, or liable to pay for, or contribute towards, the other Lands and Hereditaments of the said Duke, in Repairs of the said Bridge, Causeway; and Arches, re-lieu thereof, to the several Uses therein mentioned, was spectively, are inadequate for that Purpose, and then committed; That the Committee had examined the only in Aid of such Funds and Estates, and not in Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be Exoneration of the said Body Corporate, now bound to true; and that the Parties concerned had given their repair; and that the removing and preventing Nuisances Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com- and Annoyances, and enforcing the more effectually ruittee; and that the Committee had directed him to repairing and cleansing the Streets and Ways in the

report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. ReJ'alved, That the Bill do pass.

said City, will be of great‘Advantage to the said City and its Inhabitants, and of public Convenience; but that very considerable Parts and Places in the said City do now belong to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Com-

Ordered, That Sir George Yonge do carry the BUI to mon CouncU, in their Corporate Capacity, to repair *the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath and cleanse out of the Revenues of their said public agreed to the fame, without any Amendment. Estates, which the Petitioners apprehend they ought to

continue charged with, as their Estates are amply suffi-A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Mer- cient for every public Purpose to which they ought to chants, Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants, of the be applied: And therefore praying the House to take City of Gloucester, whose Names are thereunto fob- the Premises into Consideration, and that no larger Toll feribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting or Tax may be granted for the erecting, and afterwards-forth. That the Petitioners are informed, that a Petition repairing, the said Bridge at Maifemore, nor for any hath been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for longer Time, than shall be shewn to the House to be erecting a Bridge at Maifemore, in the County of Glou- absolutely necessary for that Purpose, and that Provision cefier, for repairing and widening the Causeway and may be made for an Account and Application of such

Arches, called Over's Causeway, for making a Drawbridge at the West Gate of the said City, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances, and enforcing the more effectually repairing and

Funds and Revenues as are particularly appropriated to the Repairs of the said West Gate Bridge, Causeway, and Arches; and that the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, in their Corporate Capacity as afore-

cleansing the Streets and Ways of the said City, in such said, may Hand charged in like Manner, and as far as Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House they now are, or at any Time heretofore have been, shall seem meet; and that the Matter of the said Pe- charged or liable with, or unto the Repairs of the said tition, although of the highest Concern to the Public in West Gate Bridge, Causeway, and Arches, and the regeneral, and to the Inhabitants of the said City in pairing and cleansing such Parts and Places of thefaia particular, was so privately settled, and the Petition City as belong to them to cleanse and repair in such Vox.. 3G. a L ' Manner,-

ill

m.

Y v v

Boynton

inclosure*

Supply.

TunJbll

Inclosure.

222 240 Februaru. A. 1777.

Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the iloufe shall ieetn meet; and that the several Matters to be provided for by the said intended Bill may be put under the Direction and Management of Commissioners, to be especially named therein; and that the Petitioners may be at Liberty to be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said intended Bill as the Petitioners Audi conceive to be injurious or detrimental to themselves or the Public; and that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for re-building the Bridge over lie River Severn, at Ma'femnear the City of

Gloueester;for repairing and making commodious Over's Causeway, leading from the said City towards

Ma ife more aforesaid; for amending and altering the Bridge over another Branch of the said River Severn, near The West Gate of the said City; and for enlbrcing ♦lie proper paving and cleansing of the several Streets within the said City; and for removing Nuisancesand Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future, be brought in.

Sir James Pcton/man reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and allotting the several Open and Common Fields, Pastures, and other uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of Boynton, in the East Riding of the County of York, wras committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April, *774, relating to Bills of Inclefure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments wereOuce read throughout; and then . a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quell iou severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the , 1 Ioufe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he. read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio weth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Two hundred thousand Six hundred and Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Five Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services incurred, between the Thirty-first Day of One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six, and the First Day of February One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, and not provided for by Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Sir James Pennyman reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Paliures, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of Tunstall, in llolder-ness, in the East Riding of the County of York, was

committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of I'ncloftire, bad been complied with; and that the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee .(except Two Proprietors of Thirty-five Acres of Land, who refitfed to lign the Bill; and also One Proprietor of Thirty-six Acres Two Roods and Twenty Perches of Land, who has been applied to, but has not given any Answer; and also One Proprietor of One Acre One Rood and Twenty Perches of Land, who could not be found; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed amount to One thousand and Fourteen Acres, of thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving, lingfen, in the East Riding of tire County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Winch-combe Hartley, Sir George &c.: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the Borough of in the County of Cornwall: -And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Half or d and Mr. Broztming:

Mr. Speaker.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of High Treason, committed in any of His Majesty’s Colonies Or Plantations in America, or on the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Hill reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge across the River Severn, from or near a Place called Preen's Eddy, in the Parish of Brofeley, to or near a Place called The Sheep Wash, in the Parish of Sutton Maddock, in the County of Salop;

and for making proper Roads and Avenues to and from the same, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

Wallinefta

Inclosure,

Saltash

Roads.'

America; Bill to detain suspected PerfoHs.

Severn

Bridge

at

Pr«ea’§ EiKly.

17 Geo. III.

24° — £5° .

Hay and Straw; Regulating Saldmcn.

the Clerk’s Table: Where the same tvhs read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr, John Smith, an Engineer, being examined, said. That

it is practicable to make a Canal as delineated upon

Supply.

Way* and Meins*

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons residing in and near the Cities of London and Wrjlmin- the Plan annexed.to the Petition, from the Place wtierh fier, who buy large Quantities of Hay and Straw for the River Trent joins or communicates with the their own Consumption, on Behalf of themselves and Lordships of and Long Eaton, in the County

others, is referred. of Derby, through Part of the fkme Lordships, and

also through Part of the Lordships of The other Orders of the -Day being read; Stanton, Little Hadafn, Shipley, dnd

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday to or near Langley Bridge, in the Counties of Derby Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the and Nottingham, for the Navigation of Barges, Boats, whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted Lighters, and other Vessels witfc^heavy Burthens, and

Temptford

laclosure.

to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means, for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mortis, 2 50 die Februarii;

Anno i7* Georgii III*" Regis, 1777. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-

c

that by Means thereof the Carriage of Coals, Lime, Lime Stone, Timber, Lead, and all Sorts of Merchandize,'will be rendered cheaper and easier than at present, to several Parts of the Counties of Derby and Leicester; and that the making of the said Canal will be of general Benefit.

And the Witness further said. That the said Canal may be made for the Sum mentioned in the Estimate annexed to the Petition, and that he would undertake it for that Sum; and added, that if double the Money was wanted it could eaiily be had.

Mr. Luke Jackson and Mr. William Craddock confirmed the above Evidence, with respect to the Utility of the said Navigation. And,

Mr. Craddock further said. That upwards of 14,000 has been already subscribed towards carrying on the said Undertaking; and that £.5 per Cent, of the greatest Part of it has been received by him and Mr. Jackson.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or CanaJ, from the River Trent, in the Lordships of Sawley and

ley Bridge, in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham: And that Lord George Cavendish, Sir Rdger,

Mr. Curzon, Mr. Cake of Derby, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Darker, and Mr. Charles MelLish, do prepare, and in, the fame.

Imm Bridf at

j Prom's Eddy.

closing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Long in the County of Derby, to or near Lang-

Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Parish " — ‘ ‘

of Tempsford, in the County of Bedford, was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable

Lands, and Commons, within the Parish of Tempsford, . , ., , .

in the County of Bedford. A Bl11 for repairing and widening several Roads

Ordered, that the Lord Ongley do carry the Bill to leading to and from the Towns of Bala and Dolgelley, the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. *n County of Merioneth, and othe Roads therein

mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery, Denbigh, and Salop, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, Mr. Grenville, c.: And they are ter meet this Afternoon, at Five of the' Clock, in the

Sawley

Navigation.

Sheep Wash, in the Parish of Sutton Maddock, in the County of Salop; and for making proper Roads and Avenues to and from the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Hill do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee,

if ala and

DatgtQcj

Road*.

An ingrafted Bill for building a Bridge across the River Severn, from or near a Place called Preen's Eddy, in the Parish of Brofeley, to or near a Place called The Sheep Wash, in the Parish of Sutton Mad- _ ,

dock, in the County of Salop; and for making proper Speaker s Chamber.

Roads and Avenues to and from the same, was read the Third Time, Mr. Page presented to the House, according to Or-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title der, a Bill to enable the President and Scholars of the be. An Act for building a Bridge across the River College of Saint Mary Magdalen, in the University of Severn, from or near a Place called Preen's Eddy, in Oxford, to grant Building Leases of certain Ground, the Parish of Brojdey, to or near a Place called The Messuages, Houses, and Buildings, in the Parish of

Counties of Nottingham, Derby, and Leicester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said

l^agdrfeii

College

(Oxford.)

Leafing.

Saint John, Southxoark, in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing Fremitigton Edge and Fremington Moor, and certain Waste Grounds, in

the Township of Fremington, in the Parish of Grinton,

fkmingWa

Inelolurt.

to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Mer- in the North Riding of the County of York, Was read chants. Traders, Manufacturers, and others, of the a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chaytor, Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common

Moakbrettoq

inclosure.

Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as Fields, Mesne Inclosures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the within the Township of Monkbretton, otherwise Burton, Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in a in the Parish of Royfone in the West Riding of the

V01. 36.

County

k

Worded

Tam

Syinncn.

WaUingfcn

Inckmue.

324

County of York: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses committed by Peffons employed in the Manufactures of combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the Counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Manufacturers of combing Wool, Worsted Yam, and Goods made from Worsted, in the Counties of York,. J+ancafier, and >whose Names are thereunto fubibr&ed, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that die Committeehad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments Were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That it appears by the Votes, that Application is made for Leave to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving, a Stinted Pasture, called WaUingfcn, in the East Riding of the County of

York, and for altering and amending some of the Provisions of and in an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for draining and preserving certain Commons, Low Grounds, and Carrs, in the Parish of Market Weigh and other adjacent P.irishes, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a navigable Cut or Canal, from Market Weighton to the River Humber;and that the Petitioners, in virtue of certain Messuages and Cottages, are entitled to departure upon the said Stinted Pasture a

A. 1777.

certain Number of Conlmonable Cattle, and are otherwise greatly interested in the fame, and in the Event of the said Bill; and are apprehensive, that, if such Bill should pals into a Law, their Estates and Property will be greatly prejudiced: And therefore praying the House, That their Petition may be taken into Consideration; and that they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are WaUingfm thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves and ln"ofuK* other interested Persons, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the Application mentioned in the preceding Petition; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners, in virtue of certain Messuages and Cottages, are entitled to a Right upon the said Stinted Pasture for a certain Number of Moveable Chattels, and are otherwise greatly interested in the fame, and in the Event of the said Bill; and are apprehensive that, if such a Bill should pass into a Law, the Estates and Properties of the Petitioners and others will be greatly prejudiced: And therefore praying the House, That their Petition may be taken into Consideration, and that they may be heard by themselves.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving, Wallingfen, in the East Riding of the County of York, is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instrufction to the said Committee, that they do admit Connfel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Mr. Buller, from the Commissioners for executing Estimate the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, pre- Rrefented; fented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Navy.

An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it flood on the 31st December 1776.

And the Title of the said Estimate was rea

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

25* Februarii.

Navy

17 Geo. III.

25* Februarit.

Navy Office, 28th January 1777

7 An ESTIMATE of the Debt of His Majesty’st Navy, on th^ Heads hereafter .,) mentioned, as it stood on the oifi December, 1776.

Heads of the Naval Eftiroatea.

Particijlars.

’ TOTAL.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, Extra Repairs, and Transports.

Due to pay oft and discharge all the Bills registered on the Courfie of the Navy, for Stores, Freight of Transports, sup-

plied for the Service thereof....

To pay off and discharge Bills registered on the said Course, for Premium allowed by Act of Parliament on Naval

Stores ....

For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into His Majesty’s several Yards, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31$ December 1776, as also to several Bitts of Exchange - -To His Majesty’s. several Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary For Hall-pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by nis late Majesty in Council, on that Behalf

Seamens Wages.

Due to pay the Men, Sic. unpaid on the Book? of Ships paid oft To Ships in Sea Pay on the aforesaid 31st December 1776 -To discharge and pay oft all the Bills entered in Course, for Slop Clothes, Bedding for Seamen, Surgeons Necessaries, Free Gifts, &c. -

£. s.

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for Short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and whjoh have been paid off - - .

For paying oft all the Bills entered on their Course -For rrovisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 3 ill 17 76

For Necessary Money, Extra D% Bills of Exchange, and Contingences - - - - # ,

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports -

Sick and Hurt, the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; vh Due for the Quarters and Cure of Sick and Hurt Seamen, set on Shore from His Majesty’s Ships at the several Ports, and for Contingencies relating to that Office -

The Total amounts to the’Sum of Four Million One hundred Forty-eight thousand Twenty-five Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Six Pence -From whence deducting the Money in C

the Treasurer’s Hands - - - las on the other!

And also the Money that remained to 1 Side. come in of the Supplies - - - J '

The Debt will then be Three Million Six hundred Twenty-four thousand Four hundred Twenty Pounds Five Shillings and Four Pence Halfpenny -

N. B. In this Debt is included for Charge of Transports between

the ill January 1776 and 31st December following t And it appears, by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling, that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers between ill January 1776 and 31st December following amounts to - - - .

For which Sum of £.1,084,713. its. 2d. no Provision has been made by Parliament; but if thought fit to be granted, as the like Service was provided form former Years,

The net Debt of the Navy will then be Two Million Five hundred Thirty-nine thousand Seven hundred and Six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Two Pence Halfpenny

,424.036 17 9 1

28,216 17 2

\ 1 508,890 |l2 V / 9

91,569 i —

71.845 2 5

103,204 18 563.411 15. n

89,589 12 7 J

17.661 3 .^.JS20 6 71 1

14.543 4 6

6,578 3 1

11,892 2 4 6 J

j 1

171,189 13

352»4X5 19

\ 3~1 V f

30l;p6l I4 4 II J

- £

£ d. s.

4,124,558 10 t *

756,208 - 6 4

246,194 19 g

21,064 2 4

4^148,025 18 6

523,605 13 1.|

3,624,420 5 4$

1,084,713 12 2

2>539>7°6 *3

M* Suckling. J. Williams. Geo. Marsh. T. Brett. W. Palmer. R. Temple.

Vol. 36. 3 M Memorandum

Memorandum:

There was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 31st December 1776, in Money, as under mentioned, and may be reckoned

towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy.

Os

o

cq'

H-

n'

CD

Q_

cr

CD

o

eg

FT

ON THE HEADS OF

la what Treasurer’a Hand*. IN MONET. r ~ Wear and Tear, Ordinary and Transports. Siambns Wats*. T >* VICTUAL*. TOTAL.

Right honourable fin Money - - - . 1 s- 7*645 2 7 i £> s. d. 2,107 16 8i £- s. d. £ s- 12,330 8 10

George Grenville, Esquire ID* towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - 1 *1/ f 107 9 7I 2»379 *9 11 j

Right honourable -W* Lord Vifcouat Barrington f In Money ..... i D* towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - 7»5i 19 5i 3,720 3 ui 35 10 10i 1*640 7: J 12,448 1 io£

Right honourable Rich* Lord Viscount Right honourable Sir Gilbert El, Baronet T In Money - - - - 16,152 *9 5 57,898 I IOf 14,420 14 1} - 33*332 4 — & 113,078 18 10

ID* towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen -fin Money - 1D* towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - 1 " 19 12 44»558 *4 — 1,924 4 2\ 2,738 17 io|j 8,697 18 8|| -

88,748 3 44 66,984 6 — J *5*457 4 2 171,189 13 7*

There remained on the 31st December 1776, to come in from the Exchequer, of the Supplies of the Year 1776

£ 35M*5 *9 6i

Ln

3:

k

i7 Geo. III.

25" Februdrii.

227

African

Forts.

Aldboroueh

Writ.

Erfetd

Chafe

lackfarc.

King’s

Measurn f Inclosure.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Buller also, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

N° 1. State and Condition of Appolonia Fort, January 1776: And also,

N° 2. State and Condition of Dixcove Fort, January 1776: And also,

N° 3. State and Condition of Bance Island Fort, January 1776: And also,

N° 4. State and Condition of James Fort, Accra And also,

N° 5. State and Condition of CapeCoaJl 10th

February 1776: And also,

N° 6. State and Condition of Succondee Fort, 14th February 1776: And also,

N° 7. State and Condition of Commenda Fort, 16th February 1776: And also,

N° 8. State and Condition of Fort, 25th

February 1776: And also,

N" o. State and Condition of Fort,

28th February 1776: And also,

N° 10. State and Condition of Williams Fort, -dah, 8th March 1776: And also,

N° 11. State and Condition Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleCling a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Aldborough, in the County of York, in the room of Charles Wilkinf, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Deftorough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

A Petition of John Windham Bawyerx Esquire, was presented to the House and read; taking Notice of the Bill for dividing the Chafe of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and setting forth. That the Petitioner has seen and approves of the said Bill; and that, if certain Lands adjoining to his Farm called Farm, and

abutting upon the same Farm towards the North, upon the Road leading from Gaitnock Comer to the Green Dragon Lane towards the South, and upon the Road leading from the same Farm to the said Road leading from Gannock Corner to the said Green Dragon Lane

towards the West, and containing 15 Acres, or thereabouts, were allotted to the Petitioner, towards his Share of the said Chafe, it would be of great Convenience and Advantage to hi&Estate, and, he conceives, will be of no Prejudice to any of the Parties concerned in the said Bill: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ho ford and Mr.

Brazening:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Vox,. 36.

for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Lordship of King’s Measurn, in the Parish of Moreland, in the County of Westmoreland;without any Amendment: And also.

The Ixtrds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons or Waste Grounds, Open Common Fields, undivided Inclosures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Thorner, in the West Riding of the County of York;without any Amendment: And also,

lire Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Piece of Common or Waste Ground, lying in the Villages of Horncliff and Horncliff feme End, in the Parish of Nor ham, in the County of Durham; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Township of Redual, in the Parish of West Felton, in the County of Salop; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Willem Vlught; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Horace Cattaneo and Francis Gaudot; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir John Goodricke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fourteenth and Twenty-sixth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road leading from Eland to the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time. One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and continuing the Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from a Place called The Golden Farmer, near Bagshot, in the County of Surrey, to Hertfordbridge Hill, in the County of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry, Paulet St. John, Mr. LafcelLes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Thorner

Inclosure.

Horncliff

Inclosure.

Rednal

inciofure.

Vlught's

Nat.

Cattan^o’s

and

GaudoGs

Nat.

Eland

to

Leeds

Road.

BagihoC

Road.

Mr. Lygon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Parish of Old Sxvinford, in the Counties of Worcester and StaffordAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Brett reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Jervoise Clarke, Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his. Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Jervoise, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Jervoise, Esquire, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill^ and found the Came to be true; and that the Committee

Old

Swinford Small Debts.

Clarke!*

Name.

r

Salley

Navi^rttiou.

Srvcfn

lifticry.

228 250 — 26° Februariu 1777.

inittec had directed him to report the Bill to the A Petition of Captain Blair, being offered to be Blair's House, without any Amendment: And he delivered presented to the House; rwf011*

the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. And a Motion being made, and the Question being fowiieuz

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed. put, That the said Petition be brought up; it up.

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

26* die Februarii;

Anno 17* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1777I Prayers.

Lordships, and also through Port of the Lordships of Ti yTR. Combe presented to the House, according to HuntfpiU Sandyacfe, Stanton, Little Hallam, Ilkestone, Shipley, Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the

and Eastwood, to or near Langley Bridge, in the said Commons, or Wastes, commonly called or known by Coffingtoa

Counties of Derby and Nottingham, for the Navigation the Names of Eafiern , Little Moor, Hackney of Barges, Boats, Lighters, and other Vessels, with Commo Slow Way, South Field Common, heavy Burthens: And therefore praying the House, West Hill, Heath Common, Murry Common, otherwise That such Bill may pass into a Law, as the same will Moor Row, Smurl Common, Cold Worth, Withy Combe greatly beneficial to the Petitioners, and to all others . mon, otherwise Outer Bally, Middle Bally, Withy refuting at Newark aforesaid and the Neighbourhood otherwise Inner Bally, Dott’s Common, Cote Commons, thereof, in the several Counties of Nottingham and Saltworth, Primer HiU, Ring Stones Hill, Long Pound Lincoln, not only by reducing the Price of Carriage of Common, Guard Lane, Parker's Lake Common, Thorn's all Sorts of Merchandise, but also by enabling the Common, Stole's Green, and Gall Hill, lying in the Petitioners to got Coals cheaper, and of much better Parish of in the County and also

Quality in general, than they can be enabled to get. Land Moor, otherwise Cote Moor, and Gold Corner, without the Assistance of such navigable Cut, or Canal, lying in or near the Parishes of aforesaid and

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Coffington in the said County of Somerset: And the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a same was received; and read the First Time, navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Trent, in the Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lordships of Sawley and Long Eaton, ju the County of Derby, to or near Langley Bridge, in the Counties An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Tun!aB of Derby and Nottingham, be brought in Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other uninclosed ,nclofufet

Grounds, within the Township of TunftaU, in Holder-A Petition of several Fishermen near the River ness, in the East Riding of the County of York, was Severn, in the County of Salop, whose Names are there- read the Third Time.

unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Resolved, That the Bill do pass, and that the Title Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Votes, that a Petition has been presented, for Leave Meadows, Pastures, and other uninclosed Grounds, to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act of the within the Township of Tunstall, in Holderness, in the Thirtieth of Charles the Second, for the Preservation East Riding of the County of York. of Pithing in the River Severn; and alledging, that. Ordered, That Sir James Pemyman do carry the Bill by the said Act, no Net is permitted to be used, for to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, taking any Salmon, Salmon Mort, Salmon Peal, Pike,

Trout, Barbel, Chub, or Grayling, in the River An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term, and al- Hamhaa Severn, the Meihcs of which shall be under Two tering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made'in Inches and an Half square by the Standard, and not the Twenty-ninth Yea* of the Reign of his late Majesty, extended (that is tp say) Tvo Inches and an Half from for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of Knot to Knot, allowing Four Knots to a Melh; and Hartih HiU, near the City of New Sarum, in the that the Dimensions of the Meflies directed to be used County of Wilts, through the Towns of by the said Art being so great as Ten Inches round, Forum and to a certain rntrenchment on

admits of Pilh of a considerable Size, and very fit for AJkerw HiU, in the County of and from The Use, to go through the same and escape; and that, if Index Post, on the Side of Harnham Hill aforesaid, to a Nets with a finaller Meih were allowed in the said House called Master Baker's Farm House, in the said River, it would, not only be of great Benefit to the Pe- County of WiUs, was read the Third Time, titioners, but probably of public Utility, by bringing a Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title larger Supply of Fish to Market, and consequently re- be. An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made tlucing the Price thereof: And therefore praying, in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Thai, if such Bill should pass into a Law, Provision Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the may be made therein for allowing the Use of Nets Top of Harnham Hill, near the City of New Sanem, in with smaller Meihcs, in the River Severn, than by the the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Bland ford present I>aws are permitted, under such Restrictions as Forum and Dorchester, to a certain Intrenchment on to the House shall seem meet. ft/kerwell HiU, in the County of Dorset; and from The

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Index Post, On the Side of Harnham Hill aforesaid, to a Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition House called Master Baker's Farm House, in the said of several Gentlemen and ot hers, of the Counties of County of

Salop, Stafford, Worcester, Gloucester, and Montgomery, Ordered, That Mr. Ewer do carry the Bill to tire

' refuting near the RivcrYmrn, is referred: And that they Lords, and desire their Concurrence, do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report

the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House. A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are p^ g,u

22 thereunto Road.

APetition oflhe Mayorand Aldermen of the Borough of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and others, of the said Borough mid the Neighbourhood thereof, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Place where the River joins or communicates with the Lordships of Sazcley and Long Eaton, in the County of Derby, through Part of the fame

17 Geo. III.

thereunto subscribed, being Trustees named in the fevered Turnpike Acts herein after mentioned, and being Landholders and Inhabitants residing against and near to the Turnpike Roads herein after likewise mentioned, and being considerable Payers to the Tolls thereof, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, leading from a Gate in the Town and County of Poole, called Foote Gate; and for repealing Two Acts of Parliament of the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Years of his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads; and also for applying a certain Sum of Money therein to be mentioned, towards paving, repairing, and widening, a certain Street or Way, within the said Town and County of Poole; and letting forth, That, if the same should pass into a Law, the Petitioners are appre-hensive that the Money necessary to be raised for defraying the Expences thereof, and for paving, repairing, and widening, the Street or Way therein mentioned, would amount to much more Money than the Credit of the Tolls (unless very considerably raised) would bear; and that, if the Acts intended by the said Bill to be repealed were to be continued with very few Additions, the Tolls thereby allowed would answer every Purpose intended by those Acts, and a very considerable Sum of Money be laved in the Expences attending the pading it; and that the Petitioners apprehend, the said Bill is calculated chiefly for railing Money for paving, widening, and repairing the Street or Way, in the Town of Poo, at the public Expence, without the Inhabitants being liable to contribute more thereunto than others, or any additional Toll to be collected on Sundays, or otherwise, at or near Poole, to be

appropriated for that particular Purpose; which will be a cruel Burthen on the Petitioners, and all others living at a Distance from Poole, and travelling on the other Parts of the said Roads, especially as by the said Bill die Petitioners, and the Public in general, who may never fee that Town, will be chargeable towards paving, widening, and re pairing/WcStreets, equally at leaftwith the Inhabitants of Poole, which Hardship is greatly increased by the Situation of that Town, which admits of no travelling through it, and from its being a considerable trading Town, and supplied with different Kinds of Merchandises from foreign Parts by Sea, and very few Articles in Trade carried thither by Land Carriage, except Com, so that the Tolls collected at the Turnpike Gates do not very materially affect the Inhabitants of Poole, but the Burthen falls much more heavy on those who live Inland, and are supplied with Coals, Deals, Iron, and other Merchandises, from Poole; and that the said Bill is now prosecuting in a very different Form from one agreed to by the unanimous Resolution of Thirty Trustees, at a Meeting held at Winboum Minster, in November last, where it was agreed, that if Poole Street was to be included in the Bill, a double Toll should be collected at Poole Gate on Sundays, One Half of which should be appropriated for the Purpose of extending the Road through the Town of Poole, and paving the fame, and that Fifty Pounds only, out of the General Stock, should be allowed for the same Purpose; and the Petitioners also conceive, that the said Bill, so far as respects the widening, paving, amending, and repairing Poole Street, appears to be very partial and unreasonable in other Respects, particularly as no Trustees to be therein named, but such as shall reside in Poole, will be empowered to act or intermeddle with the improving, widening, paving, and repairing the fame, notwithstanding the Sum for that Purpose will be raised on the Credit of the Tolls in general, nor will any Persong but such as inhabit and reside in Poole, and assessed to the parochial Rates or Assessments there, have Power to inspect the Account, which is intended to be kept separate from the other Accounts: and that the Petitioners apprehend, the Vot-. 36.

419

confining the Meetings of the Trustees and the Residence of the Treal’urers to IVinbourn Minster and Poole is unreasonable, for that Hortoti and are equal-

ly or rather more proper Places for the Meeting of the Trustees, as being more centrical, and there are many Places equally as proper for the Residence of the Treasurers as either Winboum or Poole; and the Petitioners likewise apprehend, that the making a separate Division of the Roads Seven Miles North of the Sixteen-Mile Stone at Cranborn, from the other Part of the Roads, will be attended with considerable additional Expences, and not answer any good Purpose, the Toll taken at the Gate not amounting annually to more than Nine or Ten Pounds: And therefore beseechin^ the House, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, or at least to take such Care as in their Wisdom may seem meet, that the said Bill may be altered or amend- ed, so as to bring the Purport of it as near as may be to the former Acts, and by striking out such Parts of the said Bill as relate to the widening, paving, repairing, and cleansing, the Street or Way through the Town of Poole, or by laying on a separate additional Toll at Poole Gate oh Sundays, to be appropriated for that Purpose only, or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Marsham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waites, within the Manor of Egremont, in the County of Cumberland: And the same was received; and read the Firfi Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Marsham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of in

the County of Cumberland: And the same was received; and read the Firfi Time.

Bejolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner be added to the -

men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Richard Welby, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of and

of several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Lands, and otherwise interested, in the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Swinjlead, in the County of Lincoln.

Mr. Solicitor General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to restrain the railing of Money by the Sale of Annuities for the Lite of the Grantor: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr, Hclford and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain, called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Jerwife Clarke, Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Jervoise, pursuant to the Will of

3 N Thomas

26° Febfu

Egremont

inclosure.

Bolron

Inclosure.

Swinstead

Inclosure.

Annuities

Militia Pat* and, Clothing.

Clarke’s

Name.

Lower

Compton

to

Axminftor

Hoads.

330

26a Feiruarii. ’ A. 1777.

Thomas Jervoise, Esquire, deceased, was read the Third

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable Jervoise Clarke, Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Jervoise, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Jervoise, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Brett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Phelips reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, living jn, near, and usually travelling, the greatWeftern Road, from an House called The Half Way in the Pa-

rifli of Lower Compton, in the County of Dorset, through the Towns of Yeovill, Crewkern, and Chard, to the Eali End of the Town of Axin the County of Devonsand several other Roads round the said Town of Yeovill, in the County of Somerset, and more particularly of the several Trustees appointed and acting under, and by virtue of, an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the same Roads; and also the Petition of the Trustees appointed by virtue of, and acting under, an Act, made and passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for repairing and widening the Road from " The Half Way House, in the Parish of Loioer ton, in the County of Dorset, through the Towns of " Yeovill, Crewkerne, and Chard, to the East End of " the Town of Axminster, in the County of Devon, and " several other Roads round the said Town of Yeovill,

" in the County of Somerset;" and also of the several Creditors on the Tolls arising from the District of the said Road between Hajleborough Bridge and the East End of the Town of Axminster aforesaid; and likewise of the several other Persons whose Names are thereto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the several Towns of Yeovill, Crewkerne, Chard, and Ilmijler, in the said County of Somerset, and of the several Parities and Places in the Neighbourhood thereof; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Farmers, and others, residing in and near the several Towns and Parishes of Sherborne, Yeovill, Crewkerne, Cricket Saint Thomas, Winsham, and Chard, in the County of Somerset, and Thorncombe, Axminster, Mufbury, Axmouth, Colyton, Kilmington, WiUmington, Widworthy, Honiton,

Colley, Monckton, and , Mentburyin the County of Devon, and Dalwood, Stockland, Wambrook, and fiock, in the County of Dorset, were severally referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, the said Act of the Twenty-sixth of his late Majesty was read: And,

Mr. John Core, Clerk and Treasurer under tfte said Act, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and made a considerable Progress in repairing the Roads therein described: And the said Mr. and Mr. George Worry, said, That the Tolls authorized by the said Act to be collected, together with the Sum of £.5,200, borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been duly applied in amending the said Roads; that the Interest of the said Debt has been regularly paid; that the Mortgages cannot be paid oft, and the Roads kept in sufficieyt Repair for the future, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be enlarged.

Mr. Cere being further examined, said. That the

Roads from Vagg Hollow to the Direction Poll at the Bottom of the said Hollow, in the Parish of Yeovil, leading towrards IIchefer, and from the said,

through the said Hollow called Thorn, to the Cross Road at the Bottom thereof, in the said Parish of Yeovil, leading from Thorn to Cliclthorn and TintenhuU, in the said County of Somerset, are out of Repair, and in some Parts too narrow'; and that it would be for the Benefit of the County, and, of public Utility, if the Trustees under the said Act were enabled to widen, amend, and keep in Repair, the fame, as it cannot be done effectually by the ordinary Course of Law.

To prove the Allegations of the said second-mentioned Petition, Mr . George Worry, being examined,

said. That the Road from the Weil End of the Town of Chard, through the Parish of Chard, Wambrook,

Chardjlock, and Stockland, in the County of Dorset, and Membuiy, Cotley, and Monckton, in the County of Devon, to the East End of the Honiton Turnpike Road at Cheeseway Ash, in the Parish of Honiton, in the County of Devon, is much out of Repair, and liable to be overflowed, and cannot be properly amended and kept in Repair by the Laws in being; that the said Road is Four Miles the nearest Way from the said Town of Chard to Honiton and Exeter, and that if the same was properly amended and kept in Repair, it would be advantageous to the Neighbourhood and the Public in general.

To prove the Allegations of the said third-mentioned Petition, a Member present informed your Committee, That the Roads from White Down, in the Parish of Cricket St. Thomas, across Chard CQinnton, to Perry Street, to join the present Turnpike Road from Chard to Axminster, at the Turning nearest to Tytherley Inn,

in the County of Dorset, where a Direction Poll, called The Red Pojt, lately stood, are narrow and founderous; that it would be for the Advantage of the Neighbourhood, and all Persons resorting to the Town of Chard, or travelling that Way, to have the same properly widened and repaired; but that the same cannot b* done without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring iu a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from The Halfway House, in the Parish of Lower Compton, in the County of Dorset, through the Towns of Yeovil, Crewkerne, and Chard, to the East End of the Town of Axminster, Vi the County of Devon, and several other Roads round the Town of Yeovil, in the County of Somerset; and for amending Two Roads leading from Yagin the Parish of Yeovil, and the Road from Chard to Cheeseioay Ash, and from White Down to Perry-Street in Chard, and from thence to the Turnpike Road near in

the said County of Dorset: And that Mr. Phelips and Mr. Coxe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Housej to consider of the Petition of William: Francis and John Wigginton, as well in their own Right, as Executors' of the last Will and Testament of Andrew , de-

ceased, and of John Yerbury, and of Ann Jones, Adtni-niftratrix of the Goods, Chattels, Rights, and Credits;, of Humphry Jones, deceased, and of John Hardy, William Stonehewer, and of Phoebe and Ann Savidge,

Executrixes of John Savidge, deceased, and of William Richardson and Henry Holland., on Behalf of them-fel ves, and Robert Porteus, William Powell, and Peter Grant, Administrator of the Goods, Chattels, Rights, and Credits, of Joseph Ruddock, deceased, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committees. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr,

BPown*» Debt to the Crown.

Lumber.

Supply.

17 Geo. III.

Mr. Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will pi case to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House tb resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of allowing Lumlter to be carried, in BritiskShips, to the West InIllands, fora Time

to be limited;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Whitivorthtook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutiops; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Island of St. John, in America, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, ih>in the ill of January 1777 to the ift of January 1778, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Eliimate of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1777, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1776 to the 24th of June 1777, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establrlh-ment of His Majesty’s Province of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1776 to the 24th of June 1777, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1776 to the 24th of June 1777, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence attending general Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Year 1777, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishment of the Government of Senegambia, on that Part of the Coast of Africa situate between the Port of Sallee, in South Barbary, and Cape Rouge, for the Year 1777, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Grey Coopet took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Grey Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Refohitions; which they had directed him to report, when the House w ill please to receive the lame.

» Ordered, Tlwxt the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Sir Grey Cooper also, acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Vov 36.

531

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Petition of several Hatmakers, and others con- Hattehj cerned in the Business of Hatmaking, within or near the r*8u'*t,"g Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lan- 1 e " e’ caster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act passed in the Eighth Year of Queen Elizabeth, for uttering of Caps, and for true making of Hats and Caps, declaring that none shall work Hats with foreign Wool or Stuff, unless they shall have served Seven Years Apprenticeship to the Mystery of Felt or Hatmaking, nor shall any Maker or Worker of Hats take or receive above Two Apprentices at One Time, nor them for less than Seven Years at the least; and that an Act was passed in the First Year of King James the First, for the better executing of former Laws touching the making of- Hats or Felts, and for other Purposes, whereby it is declared, that no Person shall make Hats with any Wool or' Stuff whatsoever, unless he shall have served Seven Years to the Trade, nor employ any Foreigner, nor any Journeyman but who shall tu.ve lawfully served Seven Years (except his Apprentices), nor above Two of those at a Time, who shall be bound for a Term not less than Seven Years; and that Two Acts passed in the Twelfth '

Year of King George the First, and in the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty, to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen; and alledging, that the Prohibitions laid by the said Two lirft-mentioned Acts are found to be very detrimental to the Petitioners.

Trade, by preventing the procuring of a sufficient Number of Journeymen; and the said other Acts have proved insufficient to answer the good Purposes thereby intended; and that the Petitioners observe. Application is making to the House, by the Hatmakers in and near the City of London, for some further Regulations relating to the Trade of Hatmaking: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief therein as shall appear just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it.

shall appear to them, to the House:'

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Egerton, Sir Henry

Hoghton,&c.: And they are to meetTo-morrow, Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit. Committees, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Ways ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mean*-House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, jfen of the Clock.

6* Febru

V

232 28 "Februarii.A. 1777-

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Comnion-

Venerisy 2 8° Februarii;

Anno 170 Georgii III,a Regis, 1777.

Prayers.

.. \ N ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Terms and

Le«l$nRo«d. P°w^rs of Two Acts, passed in the Fourteenth and Twenty-sixth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road leading from Eland to the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of J York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fourteenth and Twenty-sixth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road leading from Eland to the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Spencer Stanhope do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ltominster Mr. Howard presented to the House, according to

Road*. Order, a Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty-second Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, leading into the Town of Leominster, in the County of HerefordAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Teatands A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Inclosure, Waste Grounds, and certain Common Fields, and also "Two Mosses called Waltham Moss arid Moss, within the Manor of Yealands, in the Parish of Warton, and County Palatine of , was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Egerton, Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Syflon Mr. Staunton reported from the Committee, to whom

Inclosure. the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, in the Parish of Syfion, in the County of Leice/er, and several Parcels of uninclosed Land, in the Parish of Barkby, in the said County of lying within

the Ring of the said Fields, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of xoo Acres, who with others are entitled to 12 Horse Commons, 23 Cow Commons, and 95 Sheep Commons, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed amounts to 1,454 Acres, and there are 202 Horse Commons, 340 Cow Commons, and 1,970 Sheep Commons; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment^ be ingrossed.

20

alty, of the Town and Borough of in the County of Suffolk, in Great Court assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by virtue of a Charter granted in the Third Year of King Edward, the Fourth, the Petitioners have an Admiralty Jurisdiction within the Liberties and Precincts of the said Town, which was afterwards confirmed to them by another Charter, granted in the Tenth of King Hairy the Eighth; and they have* from Time immemorial, been accustomed to receive certain Dues of Anchorage and Groundage of every Ship or Vessel coming into the Port or River within the Liberties and Precincts of the said Town and Borough, which extend close up to the Quays of the Town of Harwich, in the County of Essex, and beyond, unto a certain Place called PoUeshed> and that, by reason of its so adjoining to the said Town of Harwich, that Part of the said Ris er has been most commonly called IJarivich Harbour, although the same is, and from Time immemorial hath been, within the Liberties of the said Town and Borough of Ipswich; and that, by the said Charter of King Henry the Eighth, the Ground and Soil of the laid River is granted to the Petitioners as their absolute Right and Property; and they have from Time immemorial been in the quiet Possession of theiF said Rights and Privileges, until of very late Years the Mayor, Aldermen, and capital Burgesses, of the said Borough of Harwich, have attempted to deprive them thereof; in consequence of which the Petitioners, last Hilary Term, brought an Action in the Court of King’s Bench, against the said Mayor, Aldermen, and capital Burgesses (which Action is now depending) in order that the same may receive a Determination by due Course of Law; and that the Petitioners have seen a Petition, presented to the House, from the Mayor, Aldermen and capital Burgesses of the said Borough of Harwich, on Behalf of themselves and of several Owners and Mailers of Ships, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed for I^ave to bring in a Bill for repairing and cleansing the said Harbour, and erecting proper Works for the Security and Preservation thereof, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; and the Petitioners are appre-hensive, should the same pass into a Law, it may prejudice or affect their Rights and Privileges in the said Harbour: And therefore praying, That the House will take the same into their Consideration, and that Leave may not be given to bring in a Bill prayed for in the said Petition, or that such Provisions and Restrictions, ’ saving the Rights of the Petitioners, may be added thereto, as to the House lha.ll seem fit and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and capital Burgesses, of the Borough of Harwich, in the County of Essex, on Behalf of themselves and of several Owners and Mailers of Ships, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

An ingossed Bill for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of combing Wool, Worsted, Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the Counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the Counties of York, Lanca/-ter, and Chester.

Ordered, That Sir George do carry the Bill*

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing. several Open Fields,

Harwich

Harbour.

Worsted

Yarn

Spinner*

Bugthorpt

Iadofure*

17 Gteo. III. a8° Februarii. 233

Fields and Stinted Pastures, within the Township of Bngthorpe, in the County of and for exempting the Lands, Tenements, and Frontsteads, within the Parish of Bngthorpe, from the Payment of Tythes and other Ecclesiastical Dues, and for other Purposes therein contained: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Kmington A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open lndofure. Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Parish of Kirnington, otherwise K, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Broxvnlw Bertie, Mr. Pelham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Chester A Bill to enable His Majesty to license a Theatre Theajrc. in the City of Chester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Grof venor, Mr. Wtlbraham Bootle, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Punti(borne Mr. Bouvcrie presented to the House, according to

Abbotts Order, n Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Com-nc" ore* mon Fields, Common 1‘allures, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of

Abbot/.r, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was receive*!; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Market Mr. Bouverie presented to the House, according to La* i art on Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Se-Inclosure. Vc*ralty, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Downs, 'Waste Lands, and Commonable - Places, within the Parish of Market Lavington, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Well on Mr. Skipicith presented to the House, according to

under Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and lu-iofare Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Wcjton under in the County of

Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Swinstead "Mr. Pelham presented to the House, according to

Iuciofure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Szciv/ead, and County of Lincoln: And the same i was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Carlton A Bill for dividing, allott ing, and inclosing, the Old RoJe "Wholn Year inclosures. Common Fields, Commons, Dcloture. antj y/afie within the Parish of Carlton Rode,

in the County of Norf, was read a Second Time. I Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward

.All ley, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, iac.: And they are to meet, this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

L;ttle A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Crefiingham C pen and Common Fields, Heaths, Half-year Lands, Wloiurc. other Commonable Meadows, Pastures, and

Grounds, within the Parish of Little Crefj'mgham, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Afley, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, &c.: And they are to Yol. 36.

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Edward AJlley presented to the House, according Wreningham to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, cc o ure* the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Wreninglkim, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wenman presented to the House, according to Bourton Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inclosure* Common Field and Commonable Lands, lying within the Townlliips and Liberties of Great Bourton and Little Bourton, in the Parish of Cropredy, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read Second Time.

A Petition of Ann Wofford {l'ole Owner of the Great WalGngfen Tythes, and of the Tythes of Wool and Lamb, within lndofure. the Parish of South Cave, in the East Riding of the County of York)was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving, Wallingfcn, in the East Riding of the County of York; and setting forth, That tlterc are, within the said Parish of South Cave, several Thousand Acres of Arable, Meadow, Pasture, and Old-melofed.

Lands, and about 1,400 Acres, Part of the said Feu (which belong to the Owners of Lands and Estates within the said Parish) which are now liable to the Payment to the Petitioner of Great Tythes in Kind, and also of the Tythes of Wool and Lamb; and that, by the said Bill, a certain Proportion of the said Fen is to be allotted in lieu of all Tythes both Great and Small arising therefrom, and that from thenceforth the said Fen is to be freed and exonerated from all Tythes whatsoever; and representing to the House, that, by the said Bill, the Nature of Part of the Petitioner’s Estate within the said Parish will be changed against her Consent, and the compelled to accept of a certain Proportion of Land in lieu of her Great Tythes, and her Tythes of Wool and Lamb, arising out of the said Fen; and it will then be in the Power of the Several Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Estates within the said Parish to change the Mode of Cultivation of such Lands as are now Arable and pay Tythe in Kind, and to stock the same with Hori'es and neat Cattle, and to plough up, and put into a course of Tillage, such of their Lands as by the present Bill are exempted from the Payment of Tythe, which the Petitioner conceives will be a.manifest Lois and Detriment to her Estate:

And therefore praying the House to take her same into their Consideration, and that either a proper Compensation shall be made to her for all the Great Tythes within the whole Parish of South Cave, or that such Part of the said Fen as shall be allotted to the Chvners of Lands and Estates within the same Parish shall still continue subject to pay Tythes in Kind;- and that the Petitioner may be heard, by her CounfeJ, before the Committee to whom the said Bill iscommilted, and may have such Relief.as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by her Counl’el, before the said Committee, upon her Petition, if she thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Coimfel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petiton.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Saliafh 3 O Powers, 'Road*.

Leeds

thro’

Harwood

Roads.

Butt Lane, &c. Reads.

Combe

Bridge

Road.

T empsford Inclosure.

Derby

thro*

Ashborae

Roads.

Ladbroke's

Estatei.

234 28 Februarii. . A. 1777.

Powers, of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of and

Devon, leading to the Borough of Saltafi, in the County of Cornwall, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. worth, Sir Charles Whitworth,&e.: Aiid they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Ix>rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term, and continuing the Powers, of Two Acts of Parliament, One passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the " Roads from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, " to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of rogate, and from thence in Two Branches (One " through Ripley, over Burage Green, and the other " through Knarejborovghand BoroughbridgeJto

" and frgm thence to the First Rill of Water, or Wa-f tercourse, on Hutton Moor, in the County of York, *(and for repairing the Sloughs or Rutts on the said " Moorand the other, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, to explain and amend the said first-mentioned Act, with respect to the Road from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South-West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term of Two Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty-fourth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads lead-

ing from the most Southern Part of Butt Lane, in the Parish of Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Lawton; and from thence to Henshall'sSmithy, upon Cranage Green, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

'Ilie Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Combe Bridge, through Winjleyand to Stavertoh

Bridge, and to the Trowbridge Road on Common; and also the Road from Bradford Bridge to Cockhill Gate, all in the County of Wilts; and for making effectual Provision for maintaining a Bridge

over the River Avon, at Stokesfoi'd, in the same County;

without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ' for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Parish of Tempsford, in the County of Bedford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regaling so much of Two Acts, made- in the Eleventh- and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, as relates to the Road leading from The Gaol Bridge, in the said Town of Derby, through the Town of Ashborne, to Hurdloe House, in the said County;

for making more effectual Pro.vision for the Repair of the said Road; and for enabling the Trustees to alter Part of the Course of the present Road between Ashborne anA the-Very Inn Turnpike; without any Amendment: And also.

The l-ords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates of Robert Ladbroke, Esquire, in the City of London, and Counties of Middlesex, North- , drnpton, Berks, and Warwick, in Trustees, to be sold;

and for laying out the Monies to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same U les as the said settled Estates

l7

now stand limited; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Terilt and altering the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned as relates to the Road from the Town

ofWarminster, in the County of to a Place where

the Roads to Bath and Bristol divide, and from the Town of Frome to the d ow n of Beckington, in the County of Somerset, and for repairing the Road from the Red Lion, in the Parish of to Rode

Bridge, and from the said Bridge to the Turnpike Road leading from Trowbridge, by Trough, to

Beckington aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2,7 To leave out the Trustees Names, and in-

and 3. j fert others instead thereof.

Pr.io,?To leave out from "Roads" to " provided" I.34.3 in line 39.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the Town of Warin the County of

Wilts, to a Place where the Roads to Bath and Bristol divide, and from the Town of Frome to the Town of Beckington, in the County of Somerset; and for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads; and for Repairing the Road from or near the Red Lion, in the Parish of Woolverton, in the said County of Somerset, to Rode Bridge, and from the said Bridge to the Turnpike Road leading from Trozobridge, by White Trough, to Beckington aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Pheiipsdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Winclicombe Hartley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of in the County of

Oxford, to the Turnpike Road at or near Buckland, in the County of Berks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time

Mr. Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of William FrdnCis and John as well in their own Right,. as Executors of the last Will and Testament of Andrexo Barlozc, deceased, and of John . Ycrbury, and of Ann Jones, Administratrix of the Goods, Chattels, Rights, and Credits, of Humphry Jones, deceased, and of John Hardy, William hewer, and of Phtrbe and Ann Executrixes of

John Savidge, deceased, and of William and Henry Holland, on Behalf of themselves, and Robert Porteus, William Pozvell, John and Peter Grunt,

Administrator of the Goods, Chattels, Rights, and Credits, of Joseph Ruddock, deceased, was referred; That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of . His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to make an Agreement, or Composition, with the several Sureties of William Brown, and the Representatives of such of the said Sureties as are dead, for A Debt remaining due from them to the

Crown,

Warminster,

&c.

Road*.

Afcalt

Co

Buckland

Road.

Brown’r £>ehr to the Crown*

17 Geo. III. 28° '. — 3* Martii.

235

Supply.

Crown, on several Tobacco Bonds entered into and executed by such Sureties respectively; and that they and their Estates ami Effects may be acquitted and ddebarred therefrom.

And Mr. Whitworth moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Commissioners, for executing the Office of Treasurer of 11 is Majesty's Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the d ime being, to make an Agreement, or Composition, with the several Sureties of William Drown, and the Representatives of such of the said Sureties as are dead, for a Debt remaining due from them to the Crown, on severalTobacco Bonds entered into and executed by such Sureties respectively; and that they and their Eliatcs and Effects may be acquitted and discharged therefrom: And that Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Comptroller of the Houshold, and Sir Charles Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for continuing the derm and Powers of an Act, marie in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for retiring and widening the Road from the Eight«"cn-Mile Stone, beyond /

Hedge, through the Town of Mere, in the County of Wills, and through Wincanton to Charlton Hoiilliorn, and from thence to Milborne Port, and from Willoughbi/ Hedge aforesaid, to the West End of Long Lane, in Kilmington, and from Wincanton aforesaid, to The Sherborn Turnpike Cross Gate, on Cattle hill, and from Wincanton to Sparlford, in the County of Somerset, was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elzves, Mr. Pi,clips, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at I n e of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider furlhey of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be reel iv l upon Monday Morning next.

Re/bleed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Rejoiced, dliat this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve ittclf into a Committee of the whole

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted io His Majesty.

And then the House adj'ourned' till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lunee, 30 die Martii;

Anno 17° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1777. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in.-closing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, in the Parish of Syston, in the County of Leicester, and several Parcels of uninclosed Land, in the Parish of Barkby, in the said County of Leicester, lying within the Ring of the said Fields, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, dliat the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, iir the Parish of Syston, in the County of Leicester, and" several Parcels of uninclosed Land in the Parish of Barkby, in the said County of lying within

the Ring of the said Fields.

Ordered, That Mr. Staunton do carry the- Bill to the ' Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Doctor Solandef, from the Trustees of The British Museum, attended at ', the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to die House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " General State of Accounts of " The British Museum, to the 31st December 1776;’* And also, ♦

Account of Annual Expence And' Income of The British Museum, from the ill January 1768 to 31st' December 1776. __ J

And then lie withdrew. - ' "

And thle Titles of the said Paper and Account were., read. . I:

The said Paper and Account are as folfoweth; viz.

Vol. jf'.

GENERAL

Syfton

Inclosure.'

Britishi

Museum.

GENERAL STATE

g

(a

r — +

n'

CD

CL

O'

o

o

o

Folio. 6 To Calli raised by Lottery 1758, Tickets forfeited, and Prizes unclaimed - - - - -Lottery Expences deducted -

a To D° received by Grant of Parliament 176%, £. 2,000, Fees deducted To D°, Profit on £.1,000 Exchequer Bills bought therewith -

2 To D° received by Grant of Parliament 1764, £.2,000, Fees deduced To D°, Profit on £.1,300 4 par Cent Bank Annuities, bought therewith -

2 9 To D° received by Grant of Parliament 1766, £.2,000, Fees deduced To D°, Profit on £.1,700 3 per Cent. Bank Ann. Consol. bought therewith

2 9 To D# received by Grant of Parliament 1768, £.2,000, Fees deduced Deducting also Loss on £.1,500 3 per Cent. Bank. Ann. Consol.

166 9 To D° received by Grant of Parliament 1770, £.2,000, Fees deducted ToD°, Profit on £.1,785 3 per Cent. Bank. Ann. Consol. bought therewith

166 *7 To D° received by Grant of Parliament 1772, £.2,000, Fees deduced To D°, Profit on £. 1,700 Bank Ann. bought therewith

166 *7 To D° received by Grant of Parliament 1774, £*2,000, Fees deduced To D°, Profit on £ 500 3 per Cent. Bank Ann. Consol* bought therewith

166 To Da received by Grant of Parliament 1775, £*3,ooOj Fees deduced Deducing also Purchase of £.2,coo Bank,) t 762 10 — Ann Conf. - - - - 3 And from this Sum the Sale of £.900 Part 1 thereof, with the Dividends received be- > 817 10 — fore Jan. I - - - -J

7 To D° received by Sale of £.22,500 Bank Ann. now called 3 per Cent. reduced ----- And by Dividends thereon -

120 *9 170 223 To D° received by Dividends on £.30,000 3 per Cent. Bank Annuities reserved as a Fund to loth October 1776 -To D° received SaWv of King’s Librarian for 15 Months and Days# to 5th July 177;. at £.300/>cr Ann. Fees deduced To D° received on Major Edward* Fund - - Deducting sundry Purchases charged to the fame

23 - To D° received on Sir William Hamilton's Fund - - ‘ -

of ACCOUNTS of the British Mtifeunt, to the 3 jit fyccmber, 1776.

T=r

By Cash paid for Sir Hans Sloane's Collection -By D° for the Harleian Collection of Manuscripts By D* for the Common Seal of the Corporation

By D° for removing the Sloanian and Cotton Libraries

By D° Expences at Chelsea on the Sloanian Collectjpn By D* Mr. Widmorc for Care of the Cotton Library By D* for the Purchase of Montagu House

By D° for Act of Parliament and Law Charges -

By D* for Repairs - -

By D° for Cabinets and other Furniture peculiar to the Museum By D° for Furniture for the Meeting Room, Officers, tfr.

By D° for Insurance -

By D# for Fire-Engines -

By D0 for Printing Expences -

By D* for Bookbinding - -

By D° for Stationery Ware -

By D* for Rent, Taxes, &V. -

By Da for Salaries, Wages, &c, -

By D° for Board Wages -

By D* for Firing - " -

By D° for Candles - -

By D* for Incidents -

By D° for Garden Expences -

By D° for £. 52,500 per Cent Bank Annuities now reduced -

By D# expended on the King’s Donation Fund By D° in the Hands of Meflfc. Jewfon and Newland -By Dp in the Hands of Dr. Morton -

£ / d.

29,000 — ' — r

10,000 — —

64 l6 6

163 —

91! 5 11

160 —

10,250 —

4X»S49 2 ri

435 11 11

18,048 7 S

4*076 x4

704 1 H

204 10 6

4° i —

1,061 l9 9

2,673 5 ?i

337 x4 10

3^36; 10

18,296 B 7

2,113 5 10

i»598 x9 —

24S 7 4'

2.S73 7

2,362 8 6

54.930 x3 6

61 16 2

219 6 10

*6 x7

>55.0*5 18 4

£ d

101,952 7 6 6.757 *9! 4

1,892 2 6

18 18 9

1,^2 2 6

P19 12 6

1,892 2 6

5* 8 6

1,892 6

-34 *7 6

1,892 2 6

98 ia^ 3

1,892 2 6

23 >5

1,892 2 6

2 10 —

2,843 1 2 6

? 945 — —

19,607 4 6

2,890 12 6

>.393 >3 6

1,123 9 2

£ s. d 95?,94 8 »

*,9ft 3

*,021 15 — *.943 " — *>857 5 *.99® *4 S( 1,915 17 6 1,894 12 6

Ledger.

1,897 2 6

22A97 *7 — *x»3°4 5. — 307 7 6

*70 4 4 19 16 10

,55,°25 18 4.

Folio. 6 6.

S* 69

67

46

5°

208

68

74

16

62

*77

181

165

X9X

210

219

52

228

188

120

200

227

229

In the Cashier and Expenditor’s Hands Jan. 1, 1777 £ 4

£. 1,100 Bank Annuities Consol. bought out of the last Parliamentary Grant, which remained unfold Jan. 1,

1777, and will fell for about - 880 —

1,126 4

Balance due to Major Edwards*, and the

other Funds - £*28 5 — 1 ,

Expences of the last Year, paid since 1 9°S 0 9

Jan. 1, or remaining unpaid about 677

Clear Balance applicable to the current Service, of 1777 £.220 17 91

3° Martii.

ANNUAL EXPENCE of The Bi'itish Mttfeum in the following Years.

o

tr*

CO

CTi

Folio. Heads. 1768. 1769. 1770. *77*- *772. *773- *774- *775- 1776.

50. Act of Parliament, and Law Charges - - — — ’ ——

53 to 108. Repairs - - - - 5*9 8 6 463 11 — 545 >0 — 289 2 8 483 10 — 9S4 9 1 192 2 9 103 9 — 362 7 9?

68. Furniture peculiar to The Museum - — — . — —

74- Furniture 3 18 —; - - i y — + — 6 5 *9 6 — —

l6. Iufurance 61 6 4 47 3 —

80 and 177. Printing Expence* 11 2 — *3 — 5 — — - 22 10 — *5 *5 — IO 12 — . 16 18 — —

84 and 181. Bookbinding *4 10 11 64 4 — 54 *4 6 77 *7 6 95 *4 6 *34 11 3'* *5 6 262. 10 6 22413 —

54 and 165. Stationery Ware - 6 S 1 12 5 — 18 19 6 n 2 — 16 14 6 *5 *7 7 *7 3 — 20 11. 4 21 18 6

l6a to 191. Rent, Taxes, Cic. - 130 9 4 ns 4 4 118 16 — 162 11 — 176 18 4 *73 *S — *4» 3 8 156 19 8 168 13 —

*44 and 210. Salaries and Wages - 897 8 — *97 8 — 903 — — 897 8 — *43 - 871 1$ — 898 13 — 891 14 — 00 00 . 01 00 —

5a to 219. Board Wage* - - 86 8 — 101 8 — 101 8 — IOI 8 — 101 9 — 102 8 < — 101 8 96 17 — 101 8 —

57 and 67. Firing - 7* 6 6 66 6 6 83 19 2 79 *7 6 107 13 — 99 4 11 89 8 5 98- — 40 10 —

59- Candles - - 11 10 — 11 10 — 11 10 — *5 3 — 16 6 6 12 3 4 *5. 6 3 *5 6 8 15 6 6

160 to 228. Incidents - 95 5 5 *57 10 "1 160 11 3 *33 — 9 194 19 3* 145 l7 4» 98 5 9l 139 *8 — 176 — 11

63 and 188. Garden Expences - 9 6 18 — 102 3 7 113 I — 4 107 7 6 97 7 — r 102 5 6 100 13 — ICO 2 — -99 14 6

c 2,221 IX 9 £.2,108 17 *1 £.2,130 7 5 £.1,876 17 11 £.2,157 *i £.2,661 5 £. 1,990 10 io| £. 1,902 6 2 £.2,14* 5

o

tn

O

o

I:

D

(Q

t — h

n'

CD

Q_

CT

O

o

<8

03

0

1

.A-

ANNUAL INCOME.

Dividends on £30,000 Bank Annuities

Salary of King’s Librarian, from 5 y^n'/ 1774. Fees deduced

& sd.

900 — —

249 4 —

.1,149 4 —

tO

uo

Edinburgh

Writ.

Lanelcy

lndoiure.

Glmicester

Election.

238

3° Martii.

J. 1777.

Ordered, That the said Paper and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for I he electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present 1 arliament for the Shire of Edinburgh, in the room of the Right honourable Henry Dtcndas, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of one of the Keepers of the Signet of Scotland.

Sir Charles Hardy reported from the Committee, to whom the Rill for dividing and inclosing a Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called Lees Fell, otherwise MoiTalee, and Stru and Hag-

bank, within the Barony or Manor of Langley, and in the Parish of War den, in the County of Northumberland, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure,

A Message by Mr, Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. \ Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr, Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty V Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers; where a Commission under the Great Seal was read; giving,-declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several public and private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and

Royal Assent

to

Bills.

had been complied with; and that the Committee had notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the

examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except^ the Proprietors of Lands of the Annual Value of £.25. 10 who had not signed the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed is of the Annual Value of ^.678. ior.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and alterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Cecil Wray reported from the Select Committee, appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of the Honourable George Crartfield and also the

Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Freeholders and Electors of the County of Gloucester, for and on Behalf of themselves and all other Freeholders of the same County, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County; That the said Committee having met on Saturday Morning lall, at Ten of the Clock, pursuant to their Adjoumment on Friday laH; and Thomas Brand, Esquire, one of the Members of the said Select Committee, not having attended, the Committee then adjourned till Ten of the Clock this Morning.

And Sir Cecil Wray further acquainted the House, That the said Committee having met this Morning at Ten of the Clock, pursuant to the said Adjournment; and the said Thomas Brand, Esquire, not being then present, the said Committee further adjourned till Ten of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

And the House being informed, that a Person attended at the Door, who could give some Information touching the State of Mr. Brand's Health;

Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord Privy Seal, and the Earl of HillJborougU, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth;

An Act for enabling the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain to grant Commissions to the Commanders of private Ships and Vessels, employed in Trade, or retained in His Majesty’s Service, to take and make Prize of all such Ships and Vessels, and their Cargoes, as are therein mentioned, for a limited Time:

An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of High Treason, committed in any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the Hjght Sehs, or the Crime of Piracy:

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven:

An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ft An Act for establishing certain " Regulations for the better Management of the " Affairs of the East India Company, as well in Indio " as in Europe," as relates to the Day on which the Annual Election of Directors of the said Company is to be made:

An Act for vesting in David Hartley, Esquire, hia Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a certain Method, by him invented, of securing Buildings against the Calamities of Fire, throughout His Majesty’s Dominions, for a limited Time:’

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish Of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County o and for building a Work-

house for the said t’arish:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called Crouch Hill, in the Parish of to the Turnpike Road leading from Brighthdm/lone to Mr. Farquhar; Surgeon, was called in; and, being CucJf/ield, and from the East Side of the said Turnpike examined at the Bar upon Oath, informed the House, Road to the Town of in the County of

that he had attended Mr. Brand every Day since Thurs- SuJJ'ex:

day lull; that he was so ill on Saturday that it would An Act to repeal an Act of the Thirty-third of his have been extremely dangerous for him to have come late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in out on that Day; and that Mr. Brand continued much Repair, several Roads leading from The Market House,

out of order Today, and, in his Opinion, would not be able to attend his Duty on the said Committee for several Days, with Safety to his Health.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

19

in the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester; and also to repeal so much of Two Acts, of the Tenth of his late Majesty, and the Seventh of His present Majesty, as relate to the Road from Mitre

Oak-

..t'7 Gfib. III. 3° Martii. 239

OaJfc to a Farm House called Goodness; and from Titian " for repairing the Sloughs or Rutts on the said MoorRoya! Assent Brook to the Hamlet of Wribbenhall, in the said County; and the other, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of his V?

and to discontinue the Powers of an Act of the Eighth said Majesty’s Reign; to explain and amend the said 1

of His present Majesty, so far as relate to the Road first-mentioned Act, With respect to the Road from from The Grass of the Hands near GoodneJ's Farm, to a the Town of , through , to the South-

Place called The Sfwut; and for more effectually amende West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate: ing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads An Act for repealing so much of Two Acts, hiade described in the first-mentioned Act; and also several in the Eleventh and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of other Roads therein mentioned: King George the Second, for repairing several-Roads

An Act for repairing and widening the Road lead- leading to and from the Town of , in the County ing from The Maypole, in the Town of Hepfield, over of Derby, as relates to the Road leading from The Gaol Poynings Common, to the Town of Brighthelmstone, and Bridge, in the said Town of Derby, through the Town

from Poynings Common aforesaid, to High Cross, in the of Ashborne, to Hurdloe in the said County;

Parish of AUwurne; and from thence for the Distance for making more effectual Provision for the Repair, of of Two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading to- the said Road; and for enabling the Trustees to alter wards Twineham, and from The Marie Pit, near the Part of the Course of the present Road between Ash-Bottom of Saddlefcombe Hill, in the Parish of Newtim- borne and The Inn Turnpike:

her, to The Marie Pit fronting Newtimber Broad Lane, An Act for vesting the several Rectories, Parforiages; in the same Parish, in the County of Suffer: Churches, and Chape Is, of Bockburne, Beeamore, South An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Charford, Hale, Whitsbury, and 2 with the

Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of Glebe Lands, Tythes, and other Appurtenances thereto his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the respectively belonging. Part of the settled Estate of the Town of Ixeds, through Ilanooood, to the South West Most noble George Dake of dfancAr/fer,mTrustees, upon Corner of the inclosuresof Harrogate, and from thence certain Trulls therein expressed; and for settling other in Two Brandies (One through Ripley over Burage Lands and Hereditaments of the said Duke, in lieu Grern, and the other through Knareftoroughax\d Borough-thereof, to the several Uses therein mentioned t

brige) to Ripon, and from thence to the First Rill of An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Water, or Watercourse, on Hutton Moor, in the County Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pafi of York, and for repairing the Sloughs or Rutts on the tures, within the Manor and Parish of Thorpe Malfor, said Moor; so far as the same relates to the Road lead- in the County of Northampton ing from the South West Comer of the Indofures of An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Harrogate (through Knarejborottgh)to Boroug/tbridge: Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Tanfor, in the County Stall Gate Close, at the South West End of the Town of of Northampton

Bedford, to the Town of AmpthiU, and from the said An Act to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Bur-Town of AmpthiU to Woburn Park, in the County of gestes, of the Town of Great Torringtbn, in the County Bedford; and also the Road branching out of the same of Devon, and other Trustees, to grant Part of the in Kempfton Field, to the Turnpike Road leading from Common or Waste Lands called Great Torrington Hitching, to the said Town of Bedford: mon, to William Ca/Zora/pursuant to an Agreement for

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty- that Purpose, and other the Purposes thereinmentioned: seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the Se- An Act for dividing and inclosing an Open Waste or cond, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, Common called Westergate Common, in the Parish of she Road leading from Union Point near the Town of Aldingbome, in the County of Suffer:

Uc!\field, in the County of Suffer, to Langney Bridge, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, in the Parish of Weflham, in the said County, and for Meadows, Pallures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, more effectually repairing the said Road; and also for within the Lordship or Liberty and Parish of amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road in the County of Leicester:

from The Side Gate on The Horsebridge Turnpike Road An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields

in the Parish of HeUingly, to the Turnpike Road lead- and Meadows, within the Parish of Shepshead, in the ing from Cross in Hand to Bunoash, in the said County of Leicester, and the Common Ground lying County: within the Ring Fence of the same Fields, and adjoin-

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from ing. thereto, within the same Parish; and also several Combe Bridge, through Win/ley and Bradford, to Sta- Closesor Parcels of Land and Ground, called The Carrs, verton Bridge, and to the Trowbridge Road on Ashton and Michaelmas Grounds, within the said Parish:

Common; and also the Road from Bradford Bridge to An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the CockhiU Gate, all in the County of Wilts; and for Open and Common Fields, Common Pallures, Corn-making effectual Provision for maintaining a Bridge mon Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and over the River Avon at Stokeford, in the same County: Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of An Act for continuing the Term of Two Acts, cot, in the County of Northampton: passed in the Fourth and Twenty-fourth Years of his An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Waste Grounds within the Manor or Lordshipof King's Roads leading from the most Southern Part of Butt Meabum, in the Parish of, in the County of

Lane, in the Parish of Lawton, in the County Palatine Westmoreland:

of Chester to Lawton, and from thence to HenfhalTs An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Piece of Smithy, upon Cranage Green, in the said County: Common or Waste Ground, lying in the Villages of

An Act for enlarging the Term, and continuing the Horncliff and Homcliff Lone End, in the Parish of Powers, of Two Acts of Parliament, One passed in the Norham, in the County of Durham:

Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King An Act for dividing and inclosing several Com-

George the Secood, intituled, An Act for repairing the mons or Waste Grounds, Open Common Fields, un*

Roads from the Town of Leeds, through Har- divided Inclosures, and other Commonable Lands,

wood, to the South-West Comer of the Inclosures of within the Manor and Parish of Thomer, in the West

" Harrogate, and from thence in Two Branches (One Riding of the County of York

" through Ripley over Burage Great, and the other. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Com-

through Knarefoorough and Boroughbridge) to Ripon, mons, or Waste Grounds within the Township of

" and from thence to the First Rill of Water, or Water- Bednal, in the Parish of West Felton, in the County of " course, on Hutton Moor, in the County of York, and Salop;

Vol. 36. An

Gloucester

Ek&ion.

Matter* 5 regulating the Trade.

240 30 Martii. 777?

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, ami C numons, within the Parish of Tempsfoi'd, in the County of Bedford:

An Act to enable John a Minor, and his*

Issue, to take and use the Surname of pursuant

to the Will of John IFnight, Esquire, deceased:

An Act for naturalizing George Gerhard Berck, Henry Albrecht and Gunter

Henry Kroger:

An Act for naturalizing Ernest Bernard Banning:

An Act for naturalizing John Cetitlivres:

An Act for naturalizing M Penioud: An Act for naturalizing William:

An Act for naturalizing Willem:

An Act for naturalizing HoraceCatunco and Francis Gaudot.

The Iloiife was moved. That an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in " Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Odered, That the said Select Committee have Leave to proceed To morrow Morning, pursuant to their Adjournment, though Mr. Brand should not be able to attend.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to 'meet in the Court of Chancery in Westminster Hall.

Sir Thomas Eger ton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Hatmakers, and others concerned in the Business of Hatmaking, within or near the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of

Lancaster, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had di-rested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, for uttering of Caps, and for true making of Hats and Caps; and also, an Act, passed in the First Year of King James the First, for the better executing of former Laws touching the making of Hats, or Felts, and for other Purposes: and also. Two Acts, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty, to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen, were read: And,

Mr. Thomas Philips, one of the principal Hatmakers In the said Town of Manchester, being examined, said. That the Prohibitions laid by the Two first-mentioned Acts arc found to be very detrimental to the Trade of Hatmaking, by lessening the Number of Journeymen, of whom no more can be procured than barely furticient to answer the Purposes of the Trade for Home Consumption.

Mr. John Clegg, likewise a principal Hatmaker in the said Town, confirmed the foregoing Evidence; and adder!, that on account of the scarcity of Journeymen, he has been obliged to refuse many foreign Orders for Hats; and he added, that the Two last mentioned Acts have been found in many Parts defective, and that in order to fulfil the good Purposes thereby intended, it is necessary to explain and amend the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, i who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, to regulate the Prices of Labour, the Hours of Working, and the taking of Apprentices, in the' Hat Ma-nuiaftory; that they do extend the Provisions of the said Bill, respecting the taking of Apprentices, and preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen, to that Part of Great Britain called England.

The Bill to feftrain the raising of Money by the Sale of Annuities for the Life of the Grantor, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Bejblved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said BilL

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Lanerk,. in the room of Andrew Stuart, Esquire, who, since hisEleftion for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of one of the Keepers of the Signet for Sco

Mr. Page reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed in and by a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, iptituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening the Roads leading from The Crofsof " H and, near Finford Bridge, in the County of " through the Town of Southam, in the same County,

" to the Borough of Banbury, in the County " and from The Guide-Pojt.in the Village of A dderbiay, " in the same County, through Kidlington, to The " Way, leading towards the City of and also

" the Road leading from a Place called The Two-Mile " Tree, near the City of Oxford, over Gosford other wise " Go/furd Bridge, to a certainGate enteringupon Weston " on the Green, in the said County;" and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto set, living in, near, and usually travelling, the said Road, was referred; That the Committee had examined and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter' of the said Petition; and had directedhim to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Thomas Walker, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Trustees acting under and by virtue of the said Act, for that Part of the Road leading from The Guido Pofi, in the Village of Adderbury, through Kidlington, to The Mile-Way, leading towards the City of Oxford; and from The Two-Mile Tree over Gosford Bridge, to the Gate entering upon Weston on the Green, have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act for that Part of the Road which leads from The Guide-PoJl, in Adderbury, through Kidlington, to The leading

towards the City of Oxford, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the said Act, which now remain due; and that the said Road cannot be kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act is further continued, and the present Tolls (which are insufficient for keeping the Road in Repair, and paying off the Monies now due thereon) increased; and that several Alterations are necessary to be made to the said Act relating to the said last mentioned Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term, and altering the Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Hand near

" Finford Bridge, in the County of through

" the Town of Southam, in the same County, to the " Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford; and

" from

Annuities

Lanerk

Writ.

Finford

Bridge

to

Banbury

x 7 Geo. III. 3 Martit. 241

" from The Guide Pqfi, in the Village of Adder bury, in

" the same County, through Kidling/On,to " leading towards the City of; and also the

" Road leading from a IT ace called The Two Mile Tree, " near 1 he City of Oxford, over Gosford otherwise Gofford Bridge, to a certain Gate entering upon Weflon " on the Green, in the said County;" so far as relates to that Part of the said Hoads which leads from The Guide Pojf, in the Village o i Adderbury, through

to the Mileicayleading towards the City of Oxford

And that Mr. Page, Lord Charles S/tenccr, Sir Roger Newdigate, and Mr. Morton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

lure and Ayfgarth Moor or Common, in the Township and Parish of Aufgarth, in the North Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the l’irll Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

HuntfpUl A Petition of the Mailer and Scholars of Baliol Coffin* on ^e°e> ’n Hniverlity of Oxford, and of the Reverend Indoforr! Theophilus Leigh, Doctor in Divinity, was presented to the House, and Read; Setting forth. That a Bill is depending in the 1 Ioufe, for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, or Wastes, in the Parish of in the County of SomerJ'et;and also Land Moor, otherwise Cote Moor, and Gold Corner, lying in or near the Parish of IluntJ'pill aforesaid, ami the Parish of in

the same County; and that the Petitioners, the said Mailer and Scholars, are seised of the perpetual Advowsou of, and Right of Presentation to, the Rectory and Parish Church of aforesaid, pud of a

certain Manor and Dnnds within the said Parish of HuntfpUl, called The Rectory Manor; and that the Petitioner, the said Theophilus Leigh, is the present Rettor of the said Parish Church, and in Right thereof, seised of certain Glebe Lands, and of all the Tythes of all J^ands lying within the said Parish of and

that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law as it is now drawn, it will be very prejudica] to the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, again!! the said Bill, and all such Pacts thereof, as may affect the Petitioners, and may have such Relief in the Premises as the I Ioufe shall think just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, or Wastes, commonly called or known by the Names of Ea/ern Moor, Little Moor, Hackney Common, Pykes Hill, Slow Way, South Field Common, West HiU, Heath Common, Muriy Common, otherwise Moor Rou, Smurl Common, Cold Worth, Withy Common, otherwise Outer Bally, Middle Bally, Withy Wall, ot hcr-wife Imer Bally, Dolt's Common, Cote Commons, Salt-worth, Primer Hill, Ring Slone's Hill, Long Pound Common, Guard Lane, Parker's Lake Common, Thorn's Common, Stole's Green, and Gall Hill, lying in the Parish of Huntjpill, in the County of Somerset; and also Land Moor, otherwise Cote Moor, and Gold Corner, lying in or near the Parillies of Hunj'pill aforesaid and in the said County of Somerset, be read a Second Time.

Brent Bridge Mr. Skipwish reported from the Committee, to whom *°. the Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Gat"8 Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of Road. the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from Brent Bridge, in the County of Devon, to Gajking Gate, in or near the Borough of Plymouth, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him Vox.. 36.

to report to the House; and he read the Resport in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the '

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Right honourable the Earl of Vet- Buckingham ney, in the kingdom of Ireland, was presented to the new Church. 1 Ioufe, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner has seen a Bill, depending before the House, for rebuilding the Church of Buckingham, several Parts of which Bill, he apprehends, may be highly prejudicial to him: And therefore praying, That he may be heard by himself or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect him; and that the same may not pass as it now Hands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a new Church widish the Town and Parish of Buckingham is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, again!! the said Petition.

Ordered, Tlxat all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Pent on reported from the Committee, to whom Newington the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of such Part of (Surrey) the Parish of Saint Mary Newington, in the County of

Surrey, as lies between the End of Blackman Street and acc the Bridge at Walworth, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Thomas Glutton, being examined, said, That the Public High Road betwrcen the Stones End at Blackman Street and the Bridge at Walworth, and also the several Roads and Ways communicating the rewith, are much travelled upon in the Night Time, and Robberies and other Offences arc frequently committed thereon; and that the Inhabitants of that Neighbourhood are often injured in their Properties, by having their Houses and Outhouses broke open; all which, they apprehend, might, in a great Measure, be prevented, if the said Roads and Ways were properly lighted and watched.

Mr. John llawkes confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for lighting and watching the Turnpike Road leading from the Stones End, next Blackman Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary Newington, in the County of Surrey, to the Bridge at Walworth, in the same Parish, and the several Roads, Ways, and Places therein described, communicating the rewith: And that Mr. Penton and Mr. Skipwish do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Thomas Clavering presented to the House, ac- Prudhoe cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing cer- Poor* tain Trails of Waste Grounds, Moors, or Commons, within the Manor and Barony of Prudhoe, and Parish of Ovingham, in the County of Northumberland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time

Mr. Coxepresented to the House, according to Order, Compton a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commonable Lands Bishop and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Indduie.

3 Q Compton

Ship wick Iaclosure.

Promissory

Notes,

Sec.

Monkbretron

Inclosure.

Poole, Ac. Roads.

242 30 Martii. A. 1777.

Compton Bishop, commohl v called or known by the read throughout; and then a Second Time, One Name of Cross Mohr, alias Charles Moor, iii the County One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

of Somerset: And the same was received; and read were agreed to by the House.

the First Time. O» That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time. ingrafted.

A Petition of Henry Burgum and Lucas Pulsford, A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, Egremont

Lords of the Manor of GlajlunburyTwelve Hides, in and Waites, within the Manor of in the tnclosure.

the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, County of Cumberland, was read a Second Time, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners find, by RefThat the Bill be committed to Mr. Her-the Votes, that a Bill is depending, for inclosing and bert, Mr. Marsham, Sec,: Ami they are to meet this dividing a certain Moor, or Tract of Waste Land, Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s called Shdpicick Moor, or Shapwick Turf Moor, in the Chamber,

said County, containing One thousand and Fifteen

Acres, or thereabouts; find that the said Moor is Part A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and |ncirf^ and Parcel of a certain Moor, called Heath Moor, Waste Grounds, w ithin the Manor of Bolton, in the lying in the said Manor of Glastonbury Twelve Hides; County of Cumberland, was read a Second Time, and the Petitioners are entitled to the Soil of the said Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Moor, called Shapwick Moor, or Shapwick Turf Moor, bert, Mr. Marsham, &C;: And they are to meet this as lying within the said Manor; and are delirous that Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s a certain Part thereof should be allotted to them in Chamber.

Lieu of their Right of Soil, or that such other Provisiorts

should be made in the said Bill, to preserve the Peti- Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth, do make the Report Mile-Ena tioners Rights, as to the House shall seem meet: And from the Committee, to Whom the Petition of several Nightly

therefore praying, That they may be heard, by them- Owners of Houses and Eliates, and other principal Watch,

ielves or Counsel, again It such Parts of the said Bill Inhabitants, of the Hamlet of End Old Town, ih as they shall be advised. the Parish of Saint Duh/tan Stepney, other wile Stebon-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the heath, in the County of whole Name# are

Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill thereunto subseri bed, was referred, for dividing and inclosing the Common or Waite Mr. Whitworth accordingly reported from the said Ground, called Shapevick Moor, or Shapzcich Turf Moor, Committee. That the Committee had examined the

in the Parish of Shajxwick, in the County of Somerset, is Matter of the said Petition; which they had directed

committed; and that thfe Petitioners be heard, by them- to be reported to the House; and he read the Report

selves or Counsel, before the said Committee; upon their in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the

Petition, if they think fit. Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- followeih 5 viz. mittee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said James Holland, being examined, said. That the Ham-Petition. let above-mentioned is very large and populous, and

daily increasing in Houses and Inhabitants, and from Sir George Savile presented to the House, according its Situation is exposed to frequent Robberies, Odt- to Order, a Bill for farther retraining the Negotiation rages, and Burglaries, of which the Wit nets remedi-of Promissory Notes, and Inland Bills of Exchange, bered several Instances; and added, that it Would tend under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain greatly to the SafetyandConvenienceof theInhabitant3 called England: And the same was received; and read of, and all Persons resorting to, the said Hamlet, if a the First Time. proper Watch and regular Patrolafor the Night, was

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. eftahiished under proper Regulations.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed. Several Witnesses corroborated the above Evidence.

Order That Leave be given1 to bring in a Bill for A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, establishing a Nightly Watch and Patrole, in the Ham-Mesne Inclosures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within Jet of Mile End Old Town, in the Parish of Saint the Township of Monkbretton, otherwise Burton, in the D unfan Stephey, otherwise in the County

Parish of Royfone, in the West Riding of the County of Midd: And lhaSt Mr. Whitworth and Mr. of York, was read a Second Time. Gascoyne do prepare, and bring in; the fame. - , Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Hartley, &c.: And they are to meet this Mr. Fletcher presented to the House, according to Workington

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Order, a Bill for amending, enlarging, deepening pre- Harbour.

Chamber. ferVing, and improving, the Harbour of in

the County of Cumberland, and for discharging certain Mr. Bond reported from the Committee, to whom the Debts already contracted on Account of the said Har-

Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging hour: And the same was received; and'read the Firli

several of the Powers, contained in an Act, made in Time.

♦he Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, jesty, so far as the same relate to the Road from the

Turnpike Road between the Town and County of Mr. Phelips presented to the House, according to Lower Poole and Winboum Minfier, in the County of Dorset, to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers, of an Compton

the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Brianfon, in the said Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of

County of Dorset, which leads from Bland ford Forum his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing ‘ Road, to Dorchester, was committed; That the Committee and widening the Road from The Half-way House, in had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the Parish of Lower Compton, in the County of Dorset, the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the low ns of Yeovil, Crewkerne, and Chard, through the Bill, and made several Amendments there- to the East End of the Town of the

unto; which they had directed him to report to the County of Devon, and several other Roads round the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and af- Town of Yeovil, in the County of Somerset: and for terwardsdelivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at amending two Roads leading from Vagg Hollow, in the the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once Parish of Yeovil, and the Road from Chard to Cheejway 20 ,

17 Geo. III.

3° — 4° Mart it.

York

oildings

Company*

4/h, and from White Dotvn to Perry Street in and from thence to the Turnpike lload near Inn, in the said County of: And the same was

received; and read the First Tinle.

RefoLved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Adam Fergnffbn presented to the House, accord-

Halifax

and

ShetHeld

Road*

2+3-

A Bill to enable the President and Scholars of the College of Saint Mary Magdalen, in the University of Oxford, to grant Building Leases of certain Ground, Messuages, Houses, and Buildings, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, in the County of , was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Page,

Magdalen

College

(Oxford)

LeaCng.

Supply.

ing to Order, a Bill for expediting the Sale of the Estates Mr. Foley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in Scotland, belonging to the York Buildings Company, at Five of the dock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, for the Relief.of their Creditors: And the same was

received; and read the First Time. The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Lumber.

the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of

Mr. Spencer Stanhope reported from the Committee, allowing Lumber to be carried in Ships to The

to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- West India Islands, for a Time to be limited, be received holders. Merchants, Manufacturers, and other Inhabi- upon this Day Fortnight, the 17th Day of this Instant tants of the West Riding of the County of York, r eliding near and usually travelling the High Road thereinafter mentioned, lying in the same Riding, and whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 2\th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. jfofeph Jagger, being examined, said, That the Road from Halifax to Sheffield, both in the said Riding,

through the Parishes of Halifax, Huddersfield, Almoiid-

bury, KirkheaUm, Kirkburton, Penistone, Silkstone, Tan-

ker fey, Ecclesfield, and Sheffield, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places and incommodious; that it would be a great Convenience and Advantage to the Neighbourhood, as'well as of public Utility, if the same was properly Amended, widened, and kept in Repair; but that the same cannot be effected by the Laws ;in being.,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Town

of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York;

to the 'Fawn of Sheffield, in the same Riding: And that

Mr. Spencer Stanhope and Mr. Edward Foley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

March.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, rel’olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty:

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 40 die Martii;

Anno 17* Georgii IIIul Regis, 1777.

Ways and Means,

Pr

AYERS.

Vffingron*

&c.

Inclosure*

Mr. Elioes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, Commons, and other Commonable Lands, within the Township of and the Hamlets of Balking and otherwise Wool-

verston, and within the Hamlets of Kingston Lijle and Fawler, in the County of BerksAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a Common Moor, or Tratt of Walk Ground, called Lees Fell, otherwise Morralee, and Common, and Hagbank, within the Barony or Manor of Langley, and in the Parish of iff the County of Northumberland, was read the Third Tirhe. 1 Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And thait the Titfe be, An Act for dividing and inclosing a GolnmonMbbr, or Tract of Waste Ground, called Lees Fell, otherwise MoiTalee, and Struther's Common, and Hagbank, within the Barony or Manor of Langley, and in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That Si r Charles Hardy do carry the Bill' to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Goodricke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road

LanoJey

Iacioiure.

Skipton

Road,

Farmborough

Inclosuret

,f r, f. from the Town of Skipton, to the Turnpike, Road

Mr'3f pyfe"‘«i to the Hour*?, according to Or- lMdi„> from near Ok&k, -5n the

der.a Bill for dividing the Open and Common Fields, Townshi of KUm in the West Rid-

Common Meadows, Common Pafiures, Downs, Coming ofth£ County of York, was committed; That (he

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

01a

Swinford Small Debt*.

mons, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Farmborough, in the County of Berks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Parish of Old Swinford, in the Counties of Worafter and Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Rffolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Edward Foley, Mr. Foley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Voi.. 36.

and found the same to be true; and that thq Committee had gone through the Bill, and made feyerpl Amendments thereunto; which they had directed(hi*r to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where .‘the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a. Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Rill? with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill

Googh

Sutton, Icc-Drainage.

Brent Bridge to

Gaskinr

Gate

Road.

Pool, See. Road.

Weston

under

Wetheley

Inclosurt.

Market

Lavington

Iiiclosure.

244 4 0 Martii. 777.

A Bill for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands " and Low Grounds, in the Several Parishes of " Sutton, Mepal, Witcham, Chatteris, Doddington, and " a Place called Byal Fen, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, and also in the Parishes of " and Pidley with Fenton, in the County of ,"

so far as the same relates to the Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the Parishes of Sutton, Mepal, Wi'cham, Chatteris, and a Place called Fen,

in the Isle of Ely, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Tlynde Cotton, Sir Samp/on Gideon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from Brent Bridge, in the County of Devon, to Gajking Gate, in or near the Borough of Plymouth, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Tenn, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from Brent Bridge, in the County of Devon, to Gajking Gate, in or near the Borough of Plymouth, iti the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Skipwithdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for Continuing the Term, and altering and eidarging several of the Powers, contained in an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road from the Turnpike Road between the Town and County of Poole and IVinbourn in the County of Dorset, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Brianston, in the said County of Dorset, which leads from Bland ford Forum, to was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging several of the Powers, contained in an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road from the Turnpike Road between the Town and County of Poole and Winbourn Minster, in the County of Dorset, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Brianston, in the said County of Dorset, which leads from Bland ford Forum to Dorchester.

Ordered, That Mr. Bond do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Weston tinder Wetheley, in the County of

Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Skipwith, Mr. Toxonshend, kc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Downs, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Market Lavington, in the County of Wilts, was read read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Skip-with, Mr. Pmruddock, kc: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing And inclosing the Open Common DuntifWm Fields, Common Pastures, Waste Grounds, and Com- Abbott* 1 monable Places, in the Parish of Dunlijborne Abbotts, nCuunv in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Skip-with, Mr. Bouverie, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Two Leominfla Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty-second Years;

of his late Majestyfs Reign, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, leading into the Town of Leominfer, in the County of Hereford, was read a Second Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Howard,

Mr. Harris, kc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Page presented to the House, according to Finford b.ijji Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term, and altering the *» Powers, granted by an Act, passed ,in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening the Roads leading from The (ft " Hand near Finford Bridge, in the County of Wurwick, through the Town of Soin the same " County, to the Borough of Banbury, in the County " of Oxfordiand from The Guide in the Village

" of Adderbury, in the same Comity, through

" ton, to the Mileway leading towards the City of

" Oxjord;and also the Road leading from a Place

" called The Two Mile Tree, near the City of Oxford;

" over Gosford otherwise Gojj'ard Bridge, to a certain

" Gate entering upon Wefonon the G re fin, in the said

" Countyfo far as relates to that Part of the said

Roads which leads from The Guide Post in the Village a

of Adderbury, through Kidlington, to the Mileway

leading towards the City of Oxford: And the laino

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Wremngtan Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of ncoure* Wreningham, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Act Icy, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, kc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Swinstead Common Fields, Meadow's, Common Pastures, and Inclosure, other Commonable Lands ana Grounds, in the Parish of Swinstead, and County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pelham, Mr. Bond, kc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Sawicy thereunto subscribed, being acting Trusteos, under an Navigation. Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Bramcote Odd House, in the " County of Nottingham, to T Cross upon " Smalley Common, in the County of Derby, and from " Ilkiftone to the Towns of Heanorand Shipley, in the " laid County of Derby, and from in the County

Sawfey

Navigation*

Ditto*

17 Geo. Ill; 40 Maftiu245

" County of Nottingham, to the Town of and also the Mortgagees of the Tolls arising and to be taken upon the said Turnpike Road, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition is pre* fented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Place where the River Trent communicates with the Lordships of Sawley and Long Eaton, in the County of Derby, through Part of the same Lordships, and also through Part of the Lordships of Saniy-acre, Stanton, Little Hallam, llkifone, Shipley, and Eastwood, to or near Langley Bridge, in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham; and that there is £.6,815. 5s already advanced upon the Credit of the Tolls arising from the said Road, which are barely sufficient to pay the Interest thereof, and to keep the Road in Repair; and that, if such intended Bill should pass into a Law, the same would greatly decrease the Tolls arising from the said Road, and the Mortgagees thereof would be thereby greatly injured, as the said Road is chiefly supported, and was Obtained, for the Purpose of conveying Coals to the Town of Nottingham, from the several Collieries which the said intended Cut, or Canal, to be made, lies contiguous to; and that, if the said intended Canal should be made, the said Road would be of very little Use, and the Price of Coals to the Inhabitants of the Town of Nottingham would not be any way reduced thereby, and the Security of such of the Petitioners as have advanced their Money upon the Credit of the said Tolls would be greatly endangered, if not totally abolished: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said intended Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law; and that, if such intended Bill mould pass into a Law, that there may be such Clauses and Provisions contained therein on Belialf of the Petitioners, whereby a reasonable Sa<-tisfaction may be made for the Damage they may so fullain by reason of the said intended Canal.

A Petition of the principal Gentleman, Tradesmen, and others, Inhabitants of the Borough of Derby, in the County of Derby, was also presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Application mentioned in the preceding Petition; and setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the same will prove highly injurious to them and all others the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and of all the Weltem Part of the said County of Derby; and that, from the Lateness of the Time, and the precipitate Manner in which the said Petition hath been brought into the House, the Petitioners are induced to believe that the Plan and Scheme of the said intended Canal have been only partially considered by a few Individuals, who are manifestly the Promoters and En-couragers thereof, though the same are of such a public Nature and Concern as call for and require the Attention and mature Consideration of the Public, to digefi and approve the same; and that, from the Rea-fons aforesaid, the Petitioners have not the least Doubt but if such Part of the Public, w ho are interested in, and w ill be assessed by, the Event of the said Bill, had been previously acquainted with the Nature of the said Scheme, and had been indulged with sufficient Time to have maturely considered the fame, a Plan of a far more eligible Nature, and of much greater public Utility, might have been contrived and adopted; And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not be passed into a Law, and more especially not till after the End of the present Session of Parliament, for the Reasons above alledged.

A Petition of the feveTal Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Lands, within the several Parishes of Long Eaton, Sazoley, Sandy acre, Stable ford, Stanton, llkijtom and East-

Vol. 36.

wood, and several other Parishes br Places, through which a navigable Cut, or Canal, is intended to be made, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have been informed; that Application hath been made for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Trent, at or near a Place called Long Eaton Bank, in the County of Derby, to Langley Bridge, in the Counties of Nottingham and and that, if

such Bill should pass into a Law, the said intended Canal will be cut through great Part of the Petitioners' Land, which is rich Meadow and Pafttire Ground, and; upon an Average, of the Annual Value bf Thirty Shillings per Acre, and will be greatly injured thereby; and that the Encofiragers and Promoters of the said intended Canal have been very hasty and precipitate; and, without that Consideration which a Concern of this important Consequence requires, have brought then? Petition into the House, in expectation, from the Shortness of Time, of getting-tire same passed into d Law; and the Petitioners apprehend, that the propo* fed Plan will not be of that public Utility as suggested, but, on the contrary, of real Inconvenience; and that the Petitioners in particular will sustain a severe Loss; and the general Damage will far exceed any Advantage which can reasonably be expected to result front such intended Canal: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Trent, in the Lordships of Sawley and Long Eaton, in the County of Derby, to or near Langley , in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham, be brought in.

A Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, turning, and altering, the Road from the Bottom of Galley Hill-, near the Town of Witney, to The Cross in Clanfield, in the County of , and also of several Creditors who have lent and advanced Money upon the Tolls and Duties granted by the said Act, was presented to -the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners (the Trustees) have repaired and amended a considerable Part of the said Road at a very great Expence, and have caused Turnpikes to be erected at the moil proper and convenient Places, to prevent Persons travelling the said Road from evading the Payment of the Tolls; and that the Petitioners (the Creditors) have advanced considerable Sums of Money on the Tolls granted by the said Act, which have been applied to the railing, repairing, and amending, the said Road, and other Purposes directed by the said Act; and taking Notice of a Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, altering, and turning, the Road from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Ajthall, in the county of ,

through the Town of Brize-Norton, and over Vert Bridge, to The Cross in the Town of Bampton, and from thence to the Turnpike Road at or near in the County of Berks;and that the Turnpike, which the Petitioners have erected near unto Ven Bridge, may not be suffered to remain; and that, in order to make a full Compensation for all the Money which hds been expended in forming and making such Part of the said Road from Ven Bridge to The Cross in Bampton, and for the extraordinary Annual Repairs that will be occasioned upon that Part of the said Road, after the Road from Ajthall to Bucktand is repaired, that such Annual Sum of Money may, on that Account, be paid to the said Trustees, the Petitioners, out of the Tolls to

3 Rbe

Act hall to

Buckland

Road.

HuntfpiJl

and

Coffiogton

Inclosure.

Buctharpc

lodosure.

246 $ Marti*. 1777.

be collected upon the Road between and -

land, as the House shall think reasonable; and repre-fenting to the House, that, if the Turnpike Gate erected near unto Ven Bridge was to be taken away, and that Part of the Road leading from Ven Bridge to The Cross in Bampton was to be taken from the Trust appointed by the said Act, and put under the Management of the Trustees for the Care of the said Road from the Parish of Ajihall to Buckland, the Tolls arising from the Gate erected between Curbridge Heath and Lew Heath would be very much lessened, and the Security of the several Persons who have advanced their Money upon the Credit thereof will be greatly affected, as the Petitioners cannot erect a Turnpike Gate at any other Place, on the said Road to prevent Travellers from evading the Tolls: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may appettr to affect their Interests, and have such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, that the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Ajihall, in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road at or near Buckland, in the County of Berks, be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, or Wastes, commonly called or known by the Names of

Eastern Moor, Little Moor, Hackney Common, Pykes HiU, Slow W>ay. South Field Common, West, Heath

Common, Murry Common, otherwise Moor Common, Cold Warth, Withy Common, otherwise Outer Bally, Middle Bally, Withy Wotherwise Inner Bally, Doit's Common, Cote Commons,

Ring Stone’s Hill, Long Pound Common, Guard Lane, Parker’s Lake Common, Thom's Common, Green,

and Gall Hill, lying in the Parish of Hunt/pill, in the County of Somerset; and also Land Mdor, otherwise Cote Moor, and Gold Comer, lying in or near the Parishes of Huntspill aforesaid, and Co in the said County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Combe, Mr. Page, Scc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Mailer and Scholars of Baliol Coin the University

of Oxford, and of the Reverend Theophilus Leigh, Doctor in Divinity, which was Yesterday presented to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, 'against the said Petition.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Stinted Pallures, within the Township of Bug-thorpe, in the County of York, and for exempting the Lands, Tenements, and Frontsteads, within the Parish of Bugthorpe, from the Payment of Tythes and other Ecclesiastical Dues, and for other Purposes therein contained, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Honey-wood, Sir George Savile, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Harris’* a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrafted "r0BCe* Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Potter Harris, Esquire, with Elizabeth Martha Chicheley Plowden, his now wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee, to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ladbrokrt for veiling certain Estates of Robert Esquire, dilates,

in the City of London, and Counties of Nor-

thampton, Berks, and Warwick, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Monies to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the feme Uses as the said settled Estates now Hand limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. worth, Mr. Townshend, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Silk Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- Manufe&or^ tuled, " An Act to prohibit the Importation of soreign-wrought Silks and Velvets, for a limited Time,

" and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Woirkmen employed in the Silk Manufufture," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing the said Act: And that Mr. Alderman Harley and Sir Herbert Mackworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Grey Cooper, according to Order, reported from Supply. the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, on Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Island of Saint John, in America, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the First of January One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, to the First Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Eight hundred and Sixteen Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the feme, from the Twenty-fourth of June One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six, to the Twenty-fourth of June One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Five hundred

17 Geo. III. 4* — 7*

died Ninety-six Pounds Ten Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Nine hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the lame, from the Twenty-fourth of June One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six, to the Twenty-fourth of June One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Nine hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil fstablish-ment of His Majesty’s Colony of Weji Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the Twenty-fourth of June One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six, to the Twenty-fourth of June One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Five hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying , the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishment of the Government of Senegambia, on that Part of the Coast of Africa situate between the Port of Sallee in South Barbary, and Cape Rouge, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Nine hundred and Ninety-three Pounds'and Five Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Expences attending general Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven.

The laid Resolutions, being Severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Afthall A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Re-

to pair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the

^ckuJ J>ar*& of Ajthall, in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road at or near in the County of

Berks, was read a Second Time.

' Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Skip-wit h, Mr. Tbwnjhend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, turning, and altering, the Road from the Bottom of Galley Hill, near the Town of Witney, to The Croft in Clanjkeld, in the County of Oxfords and also of several Creditors, who have lent and advanced Money upon the Tolls and Duties granted by the said Act, which was this Day presented to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or CounSel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Vol. 36.

Martii. 247

1

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, C'ommitrew/ notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

A Petition of several Persons, Owners of Lands and Whittington Estates within the Manor of Whittington, whose Names lndo ure* are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; tuling Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Manor of Whittington, in the County of and

setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, if such Inclosure and Division is carried on, under the Provisions of the Bill as it now Hands, the same will be very prejudicial to their several Estates and Properties within the said Manor: And therefore praying. That they may be heard by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as they conceive to be prejudicial to them as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee,.-upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be beard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the' Committee, io whom the said Bill is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning, next Ten of the Clock.

yenerity y° die Martii;

Anno 17* Georgii III*" Regis, 1777.

Prayers,

MR. Wemyfs reported from the Committee, to' Burntisland whom the Bill for continuing Two Acts, made Two Pennies in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the ScotI. First, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer or AJe, vended or sold within the Town of Burntisland and Liberties thereof, for increasing the Public Revenue of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for shapwfek dividing and inclosing the Common, or Waste Ground, inclosure. called Shapwick Moor, or Shapwick Turf Moor, in the

Parish of Shapwick, in the County of Somerset, was committed, be revived.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do fit, and proceed upon the said Bill, upon Monday Sevennight, the 17th Day of this Lull ant March.

M

248 *7* Martii. 1777.

1 . - ,

Newington, Mr. Skipmtk presented to the House, according to Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

Knitf’ Order; *for lighting and watching the Turnpike to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarg-wltch. Road leading from The Stones End, next Blackman ing the Powers, of an Act, made in the Second Year Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary, Neioington, in the of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and County of Surrey, to the Bridge at Walworth, in the widening several Roads in the Counties of Cornwall and same Parish, and the several Roads, Ways, and Places, Devon, leading to the Borough of Salta/h, in the therein described, communicating the rewith: And the County of Cornwall, was committed; That the Corn-lame was received; and read the First Time. mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time; found the same to be true; and that- the Committee

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-Westminster Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitioorth do make the meats thereunto; which they had directed him'-to re-Streets. Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of port to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of and afterwards delivered the- Bilt, with the Amende Saint Peter in Westminster, and of several Owners and ments; in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amend-Occupiers of Houses and Estates within the United ments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Pari (lies of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, Time. One by One; and, upon the Question severally within the City and Liberty of Westminster, was referred; put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Sir Charles Whitworth accordingly reported from the Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, ho said Committee, That the Committee had examined ingrafted, the Matter of the said Petition; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the' A Petition of Patience Thomas Adams, was presented

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Old Whole as followeth; viz. Year Inclosores, Common Fields, Common and Waste

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Lands, within the Parish of Carlton Rode, in the James Eves, a Surveyor, was examined, who said; County of Norfolk; and setting forth, That the Pe-That the Houses in Smith Street, Marsham Street, titioner is seised in Fee of Three several Farms, lying Peter Street, and Tothill Street, within the Parishes of in the Parishes of Old Buckenham, and Bun-

Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist within well, in the said County of Norfolk, which are, among the City and Liberty of Westminster, are become very other Rights and Privileges, entitled to Intercommon, ruinous, and of late much reduced in Value, for want ing upon the Commons and Waste Lands intended of commodious and safe Communications with each to be the Object of the said Inclosure; and by which other, and with other Parts of the said City and Bill, in case the same shall pass into a Law as it is now Liberty. , drawn, the Petitioner apprehends his Rights and Pri-

And the Witness said, That if a Street was opened vileges will be much injured and diminished: And and built from the South. End of Long Ditch, in the therefore paying. That he may be heard, by himself; Parish of Saint Margaret, to the North End of Smith Agents, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill Street, in the Parish of Saint John, and if Tothill as he apprehends will affect his Rights and Interests, Street was widened in such Parts as are narrow and and have such Relief in the Premises as to the House ruinous, and an Opening made from Orchard Street to shall seem meet.

the said intended new Street, and if the South End of Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Long Ditch, was widened, and a proper Opening made Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill into Dean's Yard, it would be of Benefit to the Owners is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard, by of Estates and Inhabitants within the said Parishes, himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon and a great Convenience to the Public: Which Evi- his Petition, if he thinks fit.

dence w as confirmed by Mr. John Donowell, who Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-assisted Mr. Eves in making the Survey. mittee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at

Then the Witness produced to your Committee, a the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the Plan of the Ground and Buildings between Long Ditch said Petition, and Smith Street, and Parts adjacent.

And Mr. Anthony GeU informed your Committee, A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commonable That the greatest Part of the said Estates, where the Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and several Works aforesaid are to be done, is the Property Parish of Compton Bishop, commonly called or known of the Dean and Chapter of Westminster, there being by the Name of Cross Moor, alias Charles Moor, in only a few Freeholds belonging to the Lord Bishop of the County of was read a Second Time.

London, and others, intermixed therewith: And laid, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Core, That the Dean and Chapter are consenting to open Mr. &c.: And they are to meet this

gnd build such new Street, and to widen the Streets Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s q.nd Passages aforesaid, in case they shall be authorized Chamber, and enabled so to do.

Then several Members present confirmed the Evi- A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and dence of Mr. Eves, with respect to the ruinous State of Common Field and Commonable Lands, lying within the Houses in general, where the said intended Street the Townships and Liberties of Great and

and Openings are proposed to be made. tie Bourton, in the Parish of Croprcdy, in the County

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to of Oxford, was fead a Second Time, enable the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Page, of Saint Peter, in Westminster, to open a Street from Mr. And they are to meet this Af-

the South End of Long Ditch to the North End of ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Smith Street, and to widen Part of Tothill Street, and Chamber, of Long Ditch aforesaid; and also to widen the Paf-

sage between Orchard Street and the new intended A Petition o(Sir George Strickland, of Boynton, in the Street; and to make a more commodious Entrance County of York, Baronet, was presented to the House, from The Broad Sanctuary into Dean's Yard, within and read; taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and the City and Liberty of WestminsterAnd that Sir allotting the several Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Charles Wliitworth, Mr. Marsham, and Mr. Skynner, and other uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of* df prepare, and bring in, the fame. Boynton, in the East Riding of- the County of York;

i§ > and

Saltash

Roods.

Carlton Rode inclosure.

Compton

Bishop

Inclosure.

Bourton

Inclosure*

Boynton

Inclosure,

N

17\Ge<xIII. 70 Martii. 249

and setting Forth, That the Petitioner is Lord of the Manor of Boynton, and also Impropriator and Owner of all the fairl Lands and Grounds, save about One Tenth Pact thereof, belonging to the Matter and Uther Of the School of Pocklinglon, in the said East Riding, and whereof the Petitioner is Letfee; and that it would be very convenient to have an Equivalent in Land made to the said Matter and Uther, for their said Property in Boynton, in some other'i owntliip than Boynton: And therefore praying, That a C.lause may be irtferted in the said Bill, for exchanging the Property of the said Matter *aiwl Ull>er within t he said Towntliip of Boynton, for other Lands or Tenements of the Petitioner, lying; within the Township ef North Burton, otherwise Burton Flemming, near Boynton aforesaid, or within the said Township of Pocklington, in the East Riding of York, where the said School is ftjtuate, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That I^eave be given to make Pfovision, pursuant. to the Prayer of1 the said Petition, upon the Third Reading of the said Bill.:; ‘ :*

Boynton An ingrossed Bill1 for dividing and allotting the inclosure. several Open and Common Fields, Pastores, and other tthinclosed Grounds,: within the Township of Boynton, in the East Riding of the Cotmty of York, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 19, 1. 1. After "Township " to insert " or " within the Township of North " Burton, otherwise Burton " mnear Boynton aforesaid, or " w ithin the Township of Pocklington aforesaid, where the said School is situate."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and allotting the several Open and Common Fields, Failures, and other uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of Boynton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir Jam do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Skipton An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road Road. from the Town of Skipton, to the Turnpike Road leading from Leeds to Ripon, near Okbeck, in the Township of Bilton with Harrogate, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 17, 1. 38,7 To leave out "Five or more of the* and 39.) " said Trustees, or to or for."

Pr. 52, 1. 5,? To leave out " Five or more of the 6, and 7, j " said Trustees, or to or for."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House;. and the Bill \vas amended at the Table accordingly;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title' he, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from; the Town of Skipton, to the Turnpike Road leading, from Leeds to Ripdn, near Okbeck, in the Township of Bilton with Harrogate, and from thence to commahicate-

with the Road leading from Knaresborough to Wether by in the West Riding of the County of TorL '

Ordered, That-Sir John Ooddridce do carry--the Bill-to the Lords, anti desire their Cohcmrence.;

'i.1 , - ,1

Buckingham A Petit ion of tine- several Perfotishftiofe Namfes are< Chnewh thereunto fuMerihed,-Inhabitants of the Town’oftflublM urc ’ ingham, on Behalf of themselves ahdothersyHwijipreit Vol. 36. n

fented to the House; and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that'a Bill is depending, for rebuilding the Parish Church in the said Town, -in which Power is, given to build the new Church wherever it may seem heft to the Trustees therein to be named; and that the said Church is as conveniently situated as can he, for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and the Pe-. titioners are greatly alarmed at the above-mentioned ’

Power of rebuilding the same on any other than the present Seite, whereby the ancient Cemetery may be deserted, the Tombs and Graves therein destroyed, and the Allies of the Dead distiirbed; and the Petitioners may be subject to divers -Inconveniences, and great* unnecessary Expences: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for building the new Church on the Scite of the old one, and for ' preserving the present Burial Ground; and that the -Petitioners may he heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, >’

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Considerotion of the Committee, to wrhom the Bill for bfoilding a new Church within the Town and Parish of Buckingham, is committed;' and that the'Pet if loners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Iirftrurtion to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the ‘ same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said - '

Petition.

A Petition of sundry the Inhabitants of the Town'of Buckingham Buckingham, was presented to the House, and read;' new. Taking Notice of the said Bill; and setting forth,*- Church, that the Chtwch Yard in which the Old Church Hood" is become so scanty, for Want of Room' to bury the Dead, that it isahfolutely necessary to have the Church' removed to some more convenient Part of the Town; and that there are certain Parcels of Land within the' said Town, which, it is apprehended, will be very commodious and convenient for the Purpose of ererting’ the new Church, which are situatrtl nearly in the Middle of the said Town: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given, in the said Bill, to build the new Church on such other Spot or'Situation as to the Trustees named in the said Bill shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sir William Bagot presented to the House, according Wolver-to Order, a Bill for widening, cleaning, and lighting, kumpton the several Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Ways, and other trcels‘ public Passages, within the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford jand for taking down, alter-

ing, or ro-building, certain Buildings therein mentioned, and- for removing all other Nuisances and Incroachments, and for regulating Carts and other Carriages, within the said Tow n: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord George Cavendijhpresented to the House, ac- Sau-ley

cording to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigation. Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Trent, in the Lordlliips of Sawlcy and Long Eaton, in the County of Derby, to or near Langley Bridge, in the Counties of Derby and Nottijigham: And-the same was received; and read the-First Time.

Resolveod,-That the Bill'be read a Second Time.

The House! was moved. That the Petition of the Ditto, fever&l Pfcrfonswhdfe Names are thereunto subscribed,' being aftlngTrullees under an Art of Parliament, made and p&lfed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His prefect Majtifty fcing George the Third, intituled, " An Art

3 S " for

0

i$o 7° martiu . 1777.

for repairing and widening the Road from Bramcote " Odd Llcyfe, in the County of Nottingham, to The " Crqfts Post, upon Smalley Common, in the County of

" Derby, and from Ilkijtone to the Towns of Heanor

and Shipley, in the said County of Derby, and from %t Troufell, in the County of Nottingham to the Town " of Nottingham in and also the Mortgagees of the Toils arifutgand to: be taken upon the said Turnpike Road; and also the Petition of the principal Gentlemen, Tradestnen, and others. Inhabitants of the Borough of Derby, in the County of Derby j and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Lands, within the fevdral Parishes of Long Eaton, Sawley, Sandiacre, Stableford, Stanton, Jlkifton, and and several

other Parishes or Places, through which a navigable Cut Or Canal is intended to be made, which were presented to the tloufe upon Tuesday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be brought in, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by chemselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counfd be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

torfey A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Nivigauoo. thereunto subscribed, being acting Trullees under an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the Roads from Chappel Barr, near the West End of " the Town of Nottingham, to and from

" The Four Lane Ends, near Oakerthorpe to Ashbourne,

" and from The Cross on Moor, to

" join the Road leading from Chesterfield to " le-frith, at or near Lmtg in the County of Derby, " and from Selfton to Antie/ley Woodhouse, in the County " of Nottingham and also the Mortgagees of . the Tolls arising and to be taken upon the Road leading from Nottingham to Newhaven, being the First District of the aforesaid Turnpike Roads, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition is presented, for J^eave to bring in a Bill for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Place where the River Trent, communicates with the Lordiliips of Sawley and Long Eaton,

in the County of Derby, through Part of the same Lordiliips, and also through Part of the Lordiliips of Sandyacre, Stanton, IAHle Llallam, Shipley,

and Eajtzrood, to or near Langley Bridge, in the Coun-

lies of Derby and Nottingham; and that there is £.8,465

already advanced upon the Credit of the Tolls arising from the First Districtof the said Road, which are barely sufficient to pay the Intcrell thereof, and to keep the Road in Repair; and that, if such intended Bill should pass into a Law, the same will, in a great Measure, be detrimental to the Revenue of the Tolls arising upon the said First District, and such of the Petitioners as are Mortgagees will thereby be greatly injured, and the Securities for the same greatly endangered thereby; and that the Petitioners think themselves greatly injured, to lie under the Disadvantage of having their Properties decreaied by the said intended Canal, some of them having advanced large Sums of Money upon the Credit of the said 'Foils, for the Advantage of the Public: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that they may be beard, by them- elves or Counsel, against the said intended Bill, and that, the same may not pass into a Law’; and that if fitch intended Bill should pass into a Law, tfaAt there paay

be such Clauses and Provisions Contained therein, on Behalf of the Petitioners, whereby they may be made a reasonable Satisfaction for what Damage they may so sustain by reason of the said intended Canal.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a-navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, in the Lordships of Sawley and Long Eaton, in the County of Derby, to or near Langley Bridge, in the Counties- of Derby and Nottingham, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think lit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the principal Gentlemen, Traders, Sawley Manufhfturers, and otters, Inhabitants of the Town and Navigation County of the Town of Nottingham, was also presented to tte House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Application; and setting forth. That the Petitioners apprehend, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it would prove very detrimental to the Town of Nottingham, ami Neighbourhood thereof, and that the same is not calculated for the Good of tte Public; but, on the contrary, tte Petitioners believe that tte Plan and Scheme of the said intended Canal have been only considered for private Interest, and that the Application to the House for the said Bill has been sudden and bally,' and has not engaged tte Attention of the Public in that Manner which an Affair of so great Moment requires; And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, ami that the further Progress of the Bill may be poliponed for this presentSef-lions, in order that a Plan more beneficial to the Publio in general may be laid before the House tte next Sessions, and to have such other Relief as the House shall think moll proper.

A Petition of the Right honourable Robert Earl of Ditto. IJarborough, and the humble Petition of William Reeve,

Esquire, William Reeve, tte Younger, Edward Stokes,

Edward Stokes, the Younger, Seth Ho/e, John Simpson,

and others. Inhabitants of the Town of Melton -

bray, in the County of Leicester sand also, the humble

Petition of Henry Boulton, Esquire, William Sharrad,

Esquire^ Thomas Sharp, Esquire, William Burton, Ef-

2uire, and others, the Inhabitants of the Towns of )aJcham, Uppingham, and Lang ham, in the County of Rutland, was also presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioners will be very essentially and materially benefited by the Bill for makings navigable Canal from the River through the

Liberty of Long Eaton, in tte County of Derby, to Langley Bridge, in the County of Nottingham, by being provided with Coal, Iron, Deal, and other Merchandize, by such intended Canal, and more especially in the Article of Coal, as the same will be reduced in Price from One Pound Five Shillings per Ton to Eighteen Shillings and Four-pence; and that the Petitioners, being accommodated with an exceeding good Turnpike Road from Melton to Loughborough, will be thereby enabled to furnish themselves with Coal or other Merchandize therefrom, at any Time in the Year; and that they are at this Time under tte Necessity of providing themselves with Coals from the Town of Nottingham, and the Coal Pits adjoining, at a very dear Rate, from the extreme Badness of the Rood between Melton and Nottingham, and for Want of a proper Communication with the Coal Countries; and that, as stich intended navigable Canal will greatly tend to the Advantage and Benefit of the Petitioners, and to so extensive a Xraft of Country in general, therefore praying, That the Bill nOw depending in the House, for a navigable Canal from the River through the Liberty of Long Eaton, and County of 2 Derby,

0

Sawlejr

Navigation.

Ditto.

Sfretton

Inclosure*

17 Geo. III.

70 Martiu

251

Derby, to Langley Bridge, in the County of ham, may pass into a Law, in such Manner as to the House shall feetn meet.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and others, of the Town of Market Harborough, in the County of and the

Neighbourhood thereof, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners having observed, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal from the Place where the River Trentjo'ms or communicates with the Lordships of Saioley and Long , Eaton, in the County of D, through Part of the same Lordships, and also through Part of the Lordships of Sandy acre, Stanton, Little Hullam, llkejtone, Shipley, and Eastwood, to or near a Place called Langley

Bridge, in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham, for the Navigation of Barges, Boats, Lighters, and other Vessels with heavy' Burthens: Therefore pray. That such Bill may pass into a Law, as the same will be greatly beneficial to the Petitioners, and to till others residing at Market Harborough aforesaid, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the Counties of Leicester and Northampton, as the said intended Cut or Canal will communicate with the Soar Navigation, and thereby reduce the Price of Carriage of all §orts of Merchandise; and the Petitioners will be thereby enabled to get Cokes and Coals cheaper, and of a much better Quality in general, than they can be enabled to get without the Afliliauce of such navigable Cut or Canal.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Leicester, in Common Halt assembled, was also presented to the House and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Application; and praying, JTIiat such Bill may pass into a Law, as the same will be greatly beneficial to the Petitioners, and others refilling in the Borough of Leicester, and also resident in the South East Parts of the County of Leicester, not only by reducing the Price of Coals, Cokes, and Merchandize of different Kinds, but by enabling the Petitioners and others, resident as aforesaid, to obtain Coals of a better Quality in general, than they can get without the Affdlance of such navigable Cut or Canal.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, in the Lordships of Sawley and I.ong Eaton, in the County of Derby, to or near Langley Bridge, in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham, be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That five said Bill be read a Second Time u]>on this Day Sevennight.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Strctton, in the Parishes of N and Morton,

in the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 70 Acres of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and also except the Proprietors of 64 Acres of LAnd, who could not be met with; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consist of 2,452 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made severalAmep&nents

Vol. 36.

thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, ShirUnd

to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Inclosure. Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Sh irland, in the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined, anc( found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Bilb of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 36 Acres of Land entitled to Right of Common, who refused to sign the Bill, and the Proprietors of 8 such Acres, who could not be met with; and that the Whole of the Lands entitled to such Right of Common consists of 2,533 Acres"; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by.

One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, Derby to whom the Bill for repealing so much of Three Acts, to

made in the Eleventh, Seventeenth, and Thirty-third Braffington Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for re- RoaJ* pairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, as relates to the Road leading from the North Side of Cavendish Bridge, in the said County of Derby, through the said Town of Derby, to Braffington, in the said County, and for

making more effectual Provision for the Repair of the said Road, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the BUI, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by*

One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Halifax,

&c.

Sir John Goodricke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Parishes of Halifax, Small Debt*'

Kightey, Bingley, Gufeley, Calvcrley, Bat ley,

Mirjuld, Hartisheadcum. Clifton, Almoydbury, Kirk hear

(on, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York iand lor extending the Jurisdiction of the Courts Baron of the Honour of PontefraQ, Manor of -field, and Manor of Bingley, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Pill, and found the same to be true; and that tjieConui&itteq hgdgone through the Bill, and

made

ChcfUi

Theatre

Tibflielr

Inclosure.

Ayfgarth

Inclosure.

Fremington

inclosure.

Wiiuhorf e inclosure.

252 70 Martii1777.

made several Amend in outs thereunto; which they had to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone directed him to report to the House; and he read the through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, unto; which they had directed him to report to the with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where House; and he read the Report in his Place; and the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in a Second Time, One by OnC; and, upon the Question at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Once read throughout; and their a Second Time, One Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be by One; and, upon the Question severally put. there-ingroll'ed. upon, were, with Amendments to several of them,

. . ( agreed to *by the Hohfe.

Mr. Grosvenorreported from the Committee, to whom Or fared. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

the Bill to enable His Majesty to licence a/Theatre in ingrossed.' the- City of Chester, was committed; That Hie Com- ’ 1,

mittee had examined the Allegations of the’ Bill, and Orifered, That Sir do make the Re- London

found the same to bd true; and that the Committee port from the Committee, to whom the Bill for' con- Coal Meter*!

had directed him to report the Bill to the House, with- tinning, for a Time therein to be limited, an Act, Office-

out any Amendment; i\nd he delivered the Bill in at made mthe Seventh Year of the Reign of His present

the Clerk’s Table. Majesty, to p^vent. Frauds and Abuses in the Admea-

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed. ’ furement of Coals sold by Wliarf Measur1, within the

City and the Liberties thereof, and between

Mr. Polhillpresented to the House, according to Or- Tother Bock and Ifmchoiife in the County of Mid-

dor, a Bill for dividing, mclpfing,' and improving, d/e/i’.r, wa4 committed.

certain Commons, Lands, and Grounds, in the Town- Sir 'Jofpf Mazubey accordingly reported from the ship of Tibjh elf, in the County of Derby: And the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the fame was received; and read the First Time. Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be

Rrfulvcd, That the Bill be read asecondTime. . true; and that the Committee had gone through, the

Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they A Bill for dividing and inclosing Ayfgarth Pasture, had directed to be reported to the House; and he

and Ayfgarth Moor or Common, in the Township and read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered

Parish of Ayfgarth, in the North Riding of the County the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Ta-of York, was read a Second Time. ble: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Chay- upon the Question put "thereupon, agreed to by the for, Mr. LafceUes, &c.: And they are to meet this House.

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be.

Chamber. ' . ingrossed.

Mr. Chaytnr reported from the Committee, to whom Mr.* presented to the House, according Afliton

the Bill for dividing and inclosing Fremington 'Edge, to Order, a Bill for dividing, and inclosing the Open Keyuet

and Fremington Moor, and certain Waste Grounds, in and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common 0010 uret

the Townllii|> of Fremington, in the Parish of Grinton, Paffures,. and other Commonable Grounds, in the in the North Riding of the County of York, was com- Manor and Parish of Key net, in the County of

mitted; That the Committee had examined, and found Wills: And the same was received; and read the First that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th Time.

of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been Ref That the Bill be read a Second'Time. complied with; and that the Committee had examined

the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Tracts of Trudhoe

true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Waste Grounds, Moors, or Commons, within the Ma- ncoure*

Consent *0 the Bill, to the Satisfaction of ’the Com- nor and Barony of Prudhoe, and Parish of Ovingham, mittee; and that the Committee had gone through the in the County of was read a Second

Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which Time.

they had directed him to report to the House; and he Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered Clavering, Mr, &c.: And-they are to meet this the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Afternoon/ at. Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read Chamber. throughout; and then a Secon^Time, One by One; *

and, upon the Question feverany put thereupon, were Mr. Phelips reported from the Committee, to whom Willoughby agreed to by the House. the Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of an Hedge

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Act/ made in the Tw'enly-ninfh Year of the Reign of ingrossed. ' his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from, the F.ighteen Mile Stone, beyond Willoughby Mr. Chaytor reported from the Committee, to whom 'Hedge, through the Town of Mere-, in the County of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Wilts, and through to Charlton Meadows, and Grounds, in the Parish of Wifithorpe, and'ftom thence to and from

in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That 'Hedgy aforesaid to the West End of Long Lane in the Committee had examined, and found tlia^ the 'Kilming and from aforesaid to the . Standing Orders of the House, of the '25th of April 'born Tu Gate on Cattle Hill, and from Win-

1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been conriplied canton ta. Sparkfo'fd,3ih the County of SomCrfet, was with; and that the Committee had examined the" Al- committed; That* the Committee had examined the legations of the Bill, and found the same to hetrde; Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (ex- and made'ah Amendment thereunto / which they had Vent the Proprietor of 4' Acres ‘3 &ood and 39 directed him to report‘to the House; and he read the Perches, who refused to figtt'm/ BiH/.and* That the ‘Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

Whole of the Lands intended to 'be. jrtclosed Contain Vitnthe Amendment, iu at the Clerk’s Table: Where .325 Acres 3 Roods and 25 Perches/oL1 thCi'eaboiits; thC'Athbrfdfnent was, Twice read; and, upon the Ques*. and that no Per foil appeared before the’Comhmtee Hoh'pttt thereupon/agreed to by Hie House.

' Ordered,

9 w

17 Geo. III. 7® MartiL 253.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to ingrossed. have Voices.

Brewton Mr. Phelips presented to the House, according to A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Workington Road*. Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the reunto subscribed, being Ship Owners or Inhabitants Harbo«n and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of Parliament* of the Parish of Workington, in the County of Cum-made in the Twenty-ninth Year o ithe Reign of his bcrlatid, and of the neighbouring Panther and Places, late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, leading from and near the Town of Brewton, in the That the Petitioners are informed, Application is County o iSomerset;and for repairing and widening , making to Parliament, for a Bill for amending, en-the Street from the North End of Coombe Street, to larging»deepening, preserving, securing, and improving, the South Fall Side of Dymond's River, in the said the Harbour of Workington aforesaid; and the Peti-Town of Brcivton:And the same was received; and tioners conceive that the enlarging and improving of read the First Time. the said Harbour will be of great Advantage to them- '

Refoked, That the Bill be read a Second Time. selves, and others, within the Parities and Places ad-1

joining, and also of great public Utility: and therefore Lover A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, praying. That such Bill may pass into a Law.

Compton pa(li d in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon tho Axminster late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and Table.

Roads. widening the Road from The Halfway House, in the

Parish of Lower Compton, in the County of Dorset, A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and

through the Towns of Yeovil, Crervkerne, and Chard, Mr.

to the Eall End of the Town of Axminster, in the Mr. Speaker,

County of Dei'on, and several other Roads round the The Lords have agreed to the Biit, intituled, An Act Weodoverj Town of Yeovil, in the County of Somerset; and for for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three several &c. amending Two Roads leading from Vagg Hollow, in Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads therein Road, the Parish of Yeovil, and the Road from Chard t oCheefe-mentioned, in the County of Bucks, so far as the said wayAfi, and from White Down to Perry Street in Chard; Acts relate to the Road from the Well End of the and from thence to the Turnbike Road near Tytherleigh Town of Wendover to the End of a Lane called Oak

Inn, in the said County of Dorset, was read a Second Lane, next the great Road called The Oxford Road, and

Time. also Half a Mile of Road next from the River Colne

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Phelips, towards in the said County; without any,

Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet this After- Amendment: And also,

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act worfied Yam

for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses "Pinief* Leeds Mr. Laxcrencereported from the Committee, to whom committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures to the Bill for enlarging the Tenn and Powers of Two of combing Wool, Worsted Yam, and Goods made

Road* Acts of Parliament, One passed in the Twenty-fifth Year from Worsted, in the Counties of York, Lancaster, and

of the Reign of his late Majesty King Georgethe Second, without any Amendment: And also,

intituled, "An Act for repairing the Roads from the The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Eland " Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, to

" ’Well Corner of the Inclosures of Harrowgate, and passed in the Fourteenth and Twenty-sixth Years of ao*h

" from thence, in Two Branches (One through Ripley his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road leading " over Bur age Green, and the other through Knaref- from Eland, to the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding " borough and Boroughbridge) to Ripon, and from of the County of York-, without any Amendment:

" thence to the First Rill of Water, or Watercourse, And also,

" on Hutton Moor, in the County of York, and for The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Jjamharfl

" repairing the Sloughs or Rutts on the said Moor;" for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty* Bill,

and the other, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of his ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repair- &c-

said Majesty’s Reign, to explain and amend the said ing and widening the Road from the Top of Ilamham

first-mentioned Act, with respect to those Parts of the near the City of New Sarum, in" the County of

said Roads from Harrogate, through Ripley and Ripon, Wilts, through the Towns of Bland ford Forum and

to the North Eall Corner of Hutton Moor, and from Dorchester, to a certain Intrenchment on Ajkerivell Hill,

the Eall End of Kirby Hill Moor to the Town of in the County of and from on

Ripon aforesaid, was committed; That the Committee the side of Harnham Hill aforesaid, to a House called

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the Master Baker's Farm House, in the said County of

fame to be true; and that the Committee had gone without any Amendment! And also,

through the Bill, and made several Amendments there- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ‘fttnftaM

unto; which they had directed him to report to the for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Inclosure.

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- Pastures, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the.

wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at Township of in Holdemefs, in the East Riding

the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once of the County of Yorks without any Amendment:

read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by And also,

One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Clarke*

were agreed to by the House. to enable Jervoise Clarke, Esquire, and the Heirs Male Name*

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be of His Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms ingrossed. of Jervoise, pursuant to the Will of Thomas,

Esquire, deceased; without any Amendment: And

Workington A Bill for amending, enlarging, deepening, pre- also,

4iarbour. erving and improving, the Harbour of lYorkington, in The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to

the County of Cumberland, and for discharging certain discharge certain Copyhold Premises in the Parish of wish

Debts, already contracted on account of the said Har- the County of from the Uses and

bour, was read a Second Time. Trulls thereof, declared by the Will of Mary Wotton,

Refoked, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fletcher, deceased; and to subject and charge the same Copy-

Mr. Spencer Stanhope, &c.: And they are to meet, this hold Premises, and also certain Freehold Lands lying Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s contiguous thereto, within the said Parish, with the Pay-Vol. 3 6. 3 T ment

Bamfler

Incioi'ure.

Wykchtm

and

Caudwell

Inclosure.

Loughborough

and

Derby

Roads.

Halifax

and

Sheffield

Road.

Crook hill. See. Roads.

Harris*

Divbrcc.

254

70 Martii. ^.1777.

ment of a perpetual Yearly Rent-Charge of Twelve And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Rounds to the Reverend John Gibjbn, Clerk, and his That the Bill, with the Amendment, do

Successors, Vicars of the said Parish, for the Use of pass.

the Poor of the same Parish, and for settling and af- Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to faring the same Premises so charged, in the Trustees the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath of Rupert Clarke, Esquire, upon the Trusts therein agreed to the fame, with ah Amendment; to which mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of this House. or their Lordships.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

O

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according

to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, several Commons, Moors, or Waste Grounds, and Open Common Fields, in the Township of within the Parish of Silkfton, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Darker presented to the House, according to-Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, lying and being in Wykeham and Caudwell ,in the Parish of Rothley, in

the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Darker presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Loughborough, in the County of Ijeicefier, to the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, so far as the same relate to the Road from Lo to Cavendish Bridge; and for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the South East End of Loughborough aforesaid, through Leicester Lane, Part of Woodgate High Gate, and Swan Street, to The Rujhes, at the North West End of the said Town of Loughborough: And the same was received: and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Spencer Stanhope presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Sheffield, in the same Riding: And the fame’ was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Purling presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from in the Parish

of Chickrelt, in the County of Dorset, to the Borough

of Bridport, in the said County: And the same was

received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the in-grofled Bill from the Lords; intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Potter Harris, Esquire, with Elizabeth Martha Chicheley his now Wife;

tahd to enable him to marry again; and for other Pur-]K>fes therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth, viz.

Prese 2. h 19. Leave out from "Costs" to "that" in Line 20.

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit. Committee*, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the Adjournmeuk House this Day, adjourn till Tuesday Morning next.

Sir Watkin Williams Wynn reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening Dolgellry several Roads leading to and from the Towns of Bala Roads. and Dolgdley, in the County of Merioneth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery, Denbigh, and Salop, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he regd the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to restrain the raising of Money by the Sale of Annuities for the Life of the Grantor.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Popham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Popham reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Popham accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report m his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House,

Mr. Fletcher presented to the House, according to Carfeton, Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common _ and Waste Grounds, within the Townships, Villages, urek

or Hamlets, of Carleton, Brifco, and Wreay, within the Manor or Lordship of Botchardgate, otherwise Prior Lordfiip, in the Parishes of Saint Cuthbert Carlife, and Saint Mary Carlife, in the County of *

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for expediting the Sale of the Estates in Scot- BuiidUig* land, belonging to the York Buildings Company, for Compaoy. the Relief of their Creditors, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Adam Fergnfbn, Mr. Waljh, &c.: And they are to naeet this 19 Afternoon,

17 Geo. Ill 7’ — n

Afternoon, At Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Sapply. ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday nd Means. Morning next resolve itself into a Committee of the-whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, ii° Martii\

Anno 17* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1777.

Prayers.

Derby A N ingrafted Bill for repealing so much of Three *° ±\. Acts, made in the Eleventh, Seventeenth, and

Bima£on Thirty-third Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Derby, in the County of , as relates to the Road leading from the North Side of Cavendish Bridge, in the said County of Derby, through the said Town of Derby, to in the said Coun-

ty, and for making more effectual Provision for th® Repair of the said Road, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repealing so much of Three Acts, made in the Eleventh, Seventeenth, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, as relates to the Road leading from the North Side of Cavendish Bridge, in the said County of Derby, through the said Town of Derby, to Brajfington, in the said County, and for making more effectual Provision for the Repair of the said Road.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

refer* Briig* A Bill for enlarging the Term, and altering the to Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King 08 ' George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening the Roads leading from The Crofrof Hand near Finford in the County of Warwick, through the Town of Southam, in the same " County, to the Borough of Banbury, in the County " of Oxford-, and from The Guide Post, in the Village

" of Adderbury, in the same County, through Kidlington to The Mile Way leading towards the City of " Oxford; and also the Road leading from a Place " called The Two Mile Tree, near the City of Oxford, *over Gosford otherwise Goffard Bridge, to a certain *Gate entering upon Weflon on the Green, in the said " Countyfo far as relates to that Part of the said Roads which leads from The Guide Post in the VII-lane of Adderbury, through Kidlington to The Mile Way leading towards-the City of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Page, Sir Roger Newdigate, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Magdalen Mr. Page reported from the Committee, to whom College the Bill to enable the President and Scholars of the Col-(Oxford) je_e of Saint Mary Magdalen, in the Univefity of Ltafa»- Voi. 36.

8 Martii. 255

Oxford, to grant Building Leases of certain Ground,

Messuages, Houses, and Buildings, in the Parffh of Saint John, Southwark, in the County of was committed} That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had goue through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto} which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read through-. out} and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Questiou severally’put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrpffed.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the §trrtfoti several Commons and Waste Grounds within the *ncl°furex Manor of Stretlon, in the Parishes of and Morton, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manpr of Stretton, in the Parishes of Northwingfield and Morton, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the feve- Shirland ral Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor Inclosure. of Shirland, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Shirland, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill to enable His Majesty to license a Chester Theatre in the City of Chester, was read the Third Theatre. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable His Majesty to license a Theatre in the City of Chester.

Ordered, That Mr? Wilbraham Bootle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence;

An ingrafted Bill for the more easy and speedy Re* 1 Halifax, covery of small Debts, within the Parishes of fcc*

Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, Guiseley, Small D'kt*‘

Birfial, Mirfield, Hartishead cum Clifton,

Kii'khealon, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the

Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York ;and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Courts Baron of the Honour of Pontefract,

Manor of Wakefield, and Manor of Bingley, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Parishes of Halifax,

Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, Guiseley, Calverley, Batley,

Birfial, Mirfield, Hartishead cum Clifton, Almondbury, Kirkhcaton, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York; and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Courts Baron of the Honour of Pontefract, Manor of Wakefield, and Manor of Bingley, in the said County,

Ordered, That Sir John Goodricke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Lou2h^roa*h Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Seventeenth Years Derby of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Roads.

Second,

Wjrktham

and

CaodwcH

Inclosure.

UfBngton,

Ire.

Inclosurt*

Market

Lavington

Inclosure.

n° Mar Hi. A. 177*7-

Second for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Loughborough, in the County of Leicester, to

the Town of Derbfo in the County of so far as

the same relate to the Road from Loughborough to Ca* vendish Bridges and for amending and keeping in Repair the Rood from the South East End of Loug/t* borough aforesaid, through Leicester Part of 1 Food-

gate High Gate) and Swan Street, to The r, at the North West End of the said Town of Loughborough, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed to Mr. Darker, Mr. Onslow, &©. i And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Oj>en and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paliures, and other Commonable Lands, lying and being in Wykeham and Caudmell, in the Parish of in

the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Darker, Mr. Alderman Sawbridge, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber*

A Petition of the Provoll and Scholars of The Queen's College, in the University of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common P&ftures, Downs, Commons, and other Commonable Lands, within the Township of Uffington, and the Hamlets of Balking and Woolfton otherwise Woolverfton, and within the Hamlets of Lisle and Lawler,

in the County of Berks; and letting forth. That the said Hamlets of Kingston Lijle and lie within,

and are a Part of, the Parish of Sparjholt, in the County of Berks; and that the Petitioners are seised of the ap-' propriate Rectory of Sparjholt, and of the Tythes of Com, Grain, and Hay, anting within the said Hamlets, and of certain Lands lying within the said Hamlets of Kingston Lijle and Fawler, and are also Patrons of the Vicarage and Parish Church of Sparjholt aforesaid; and that the Reverend Philip Brown is Vicar of the Parish or Parish Church of Sparjholt, and in Right thereof is entitled to certain Glebe Lands and Small Tythes within the said Hamlets of Kingston Lijle and Fawler: and that, if the said Bill (so far as relates to the said Hamlets) should pass into a Law, it would greatly ftllect the Petitioners, and injure them in their Properties: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as relates to, or affects, the said Ham-Jets of Kingston Lijle and Fawler; and that the fame, or so much thereof as affects the said Hamlets, may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Christ in Oxford, of the Foundation of King Henry the Eighth, was presented to the House, and readSetting forth, That the Petitioners are seised of the Rectory and Parsonage of in

the County of Wills, and ii^Right thereof of certain Glebe Lands and all the Tythes anting within the said Parish of Lavington, otherwise Market Lavington, except such Parts thereof as belong to the Vicar of the said Parish, and are also seised of the Advowson, Nomination, and Donation, of the Vicarage of the same Parish^ and that the Petitioners have seen a Copy of the Bill depending in the House, for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Downs, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the said Parish of Market Lavington; and conceive, if the said Bill should p;lfs into a Law as it is now drawn, it will bo

14

very prejudicial to them and their Successors: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Connfel, against the said Bill, and all such Parts thereof as may assess the Petitioners, and may have fneh Relief in the Premises as the House shall think just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think tit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Howard reported from the Committee, to whom Ltommfto* the Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, 0 *

passed in the Second and Twenty-second Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, leading into the Tovvu of Leominster, in the County of Hereford, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gascoyne reported from the Comm ittee, to whom Ladbroke’* the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estates. for vetting certain Estates of Robert Esquire, in the City of London, and Counties of Middlesex, Northampton, Berks, and Warwick, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Monies to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments* to be settled to the same Uses as the said settled Estates now stand limited, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. GaJ’coyne do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wotton’s to discharge certain Copyhold Preiniles in the Parish an"' of Heston, in the County of Middlesex, from the Uses and Trulls thereof, declared by the Will of Mary Wot ton, deceased; and to subject and charge the same Copyhold Premises, and also certain Freehold Lands lying contiguous thereto, within the said Parish, with the Payment of a perpetual Yearly Rent-Charge of Twelve Pounds to the Reverend John Clerk,

and his Succell'ors, Vicars of the said Parish, for the Use of the Poor of the same Parish; and for settling and alluring tin1 same Premises so charged, in the Trul-toes of Rupert Clarke, Esquire, upon the Trulis therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

jlejblved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and Brecon enlarging the Powers, of ail Act of Parliament, made RoaJs. in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty,

17 Geo. III. n ° Marti257

Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from and near the Town in the County of Somerset;and far repairing and widening the Street from the North End of Street, to the

South East Side of Dymond's River, in the said Town of Brewton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Willoughby An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term and Hedge Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of Jtoad. the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Eighteen-Mile Stone, beyond Willoughby Hedge, through the Town of Mere, in the County of Wilts, and through Wincanton to Charlton Houthom, and from thence to Milborne Port, and from Willoughby Hedge aforesaid, to the West End of Long Lane m Kilmington, and-from Wincanton aforesaid, to The Sherborn Turnpike Cross Gate on Cattle Hill, and from Wincanton to Sparkford, in the County of Somer-J'et, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Eighteen-Mile Stone, beyond Willoughby Hedge, through the Town of Mere, in' the County of Wilts, and through Wincanton to Charlton Hou thorn, and from thence to Milborne Port, and from Willoughby Hedge aforesaid, to the West End of Long Lane, in Kilmington, and from Wincanton aforesaid, to The Sher* born Turnpike Cross Gate, on Cattle Hill, and from Wincanton to Sparkford, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Phelips do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Afthall A Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in to Execution two several Acts of Parliament, made in RoaA t^le Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighth Year ofrihe Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing such Parts of the Road leading from Crkkley Hill, in the County of Gloucester, to Frog Mill, through the Towns of Narthleach, Burford, and Witney, and Parishes of Handborough and Bladen, to in the Parish

of Kidlington, in the County of Oxford; and also from Campsfield to the Turnpike Road at or near Bridge, in the County of Oxford, which lie in the County of Oxfords and of Two several Acts of Parliament, made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads from Oxford, over Botley Caufgioay, to Ffield, in the County of Berks, and Witney, in the County of Oxford; and also of several Creditors, who have lent and advanced Money upon the Tolls and Duties granted by the said several Acts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, the Trustees, have repaired the greatest P;ut of the Roads directed by the said Acts to be amended, and have caused Bridges to1 be built aero is several Rivers and Streams of Water on the said Roads, for the better Accommodation of Travellers, purlimnt to the Powers given by the said Acts, at a very great Expence; and that the Petitioners, the Creditors, have advanced considerable Sums of Money on the Tolls granted by the said Acts, which have been applied to the railing, repairing, and amending, the said Roads, and in building Bridges thereon, and to other Purposes directed by the said Acts; and taking Notice of the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of in the County of

Oxford, to the Turnpike Road at or near Buckland, in the County of Berks; and representing to the House, that, if the-laid Bill should pass into a Law, it will very Voi. 36.

much lessen the Tolls arising at the several Turnpike Gates erected in pursuance of the said Acts, on that Part of the said Road leading from Hill, in

Gloucestershire, to Campsfield, in Oxfordshire, which lies in the County of Oxford;and also on the said Roads from Oxford, over Botley Caafcway, to in the County of Berks, and Witney, in the County of Oxford; and of consequence, the Securities of the several Persons who have advanced Money upon the Faith of the said several Acts will be thereby greatly affected:

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and have such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open-and Leadeadam Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of,

in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brown* low Bertie, Mr. Townshend,&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

I '

Lord Brozvnlow Bertiepresented to 'she House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Inclosure* Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens,

Heath, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Metheringharn, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee,' Kirmingtan to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain IacJofure. Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Parish of Kimington, otherwise Kirmington, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Cotifent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend* ments thereunto; which they had directed hiinto report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Alderman Harley presented to the House, ac- Hittef’aj cording to Order, a Bill to regulate the Prices of La- Su^tinct hour, the Hours of Working, and the taking of Ap- "e prentices in the Hat Manufactory: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Alderman Harley presented to the House, ac- Drew, *c. cording to Order, a Bill to allow the Master Dyers, and Regulating Callico Printers, within the Counties of Middlesex,

Essex, Surrey, and Kent, to employ Journeymen, in ra their respective Trades, who have not served Appren-3 U ticeships

258 i i° Martiu A. 1777.

ticcships thereto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Silk Mr. Alderman Harley presented to the House, ac-

Mtnufaflurt- cording to Order, a Bill for further continuing an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of Mis present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Importation of " Foreign wrought Silks and Velvets, for a limited " Time, and for preventing unlawful Combinations of " Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolced, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Carteton A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common apd 1 ff* Waste Grounds, within the Townships, Villages, or nc 0 ore. jjamlets Carle ton, Brifco, and Wreay, within the

Manor or -Lordship of , otherwise Prior

Lordship, in the Parishes of Saint and

Saint Mary Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. cher, Mr. Johnstone, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s r Chamber.

lamfley Notice being taken, that the Names of the Commis-luclolure. sioners were not inserted in the Bill for dividing, alloting, and inclosing, several Commons, Moors, or Waste Grounds, and Open Common Fields, in the Township of Barnsley, within the Parish of Silkston, in the County of York; which Bill was, upon Friday last, read the First Time, and ordered to be read a Second Time;

Ordered, That the find Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to present a proper Bill instead thereof.

Sutton, See. a Petition of John Cole the Younger, John Kent the Younger, and John Rumbold Leedi, Three of the Commissioners, and Thomas Cave (One of the Officers appointed by the Commissioners) acting under Two Acts ( of Parliament, made and paftbd in the Twenty-second

and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for draining and preserving certain Fens, Lands, and Low Grounds, lying in the several Parishes of Sutton, Mepal, Witcham, Chatteris, and a certain Extra-parochial Place called Byal Fen, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and in the Parishes of SColne, and Pidleywith Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, at a Meeting of the Commissioners acting under the said recited Acts, held at The Bull 'Inn, in Somersham, on the 18th of March 1774, it was ordered, that the Officers should ;nake Cuts through the Bank, at the End of the several Fens next Warboys Common, in Width Eight Feet, and not more in Number of Cuts than Eight, and not less than Four; and the said Commissioners did request the Petitioners, the said John Cole, John Kent, and Joint . Rumbold Leeds, to attend as a Committee, and give such Directions ami Assistance in and about the said Cutting as they should think proper; and that such Order was accordingly put in Execution, and the said Petitioners, according to such Request, attended as a Committee, anil gave such Directions fend Assistance in making such Cuts, agreeable to such Requisition; and that, soon after the making fitch Cuts, several Suits were commenced against the Petitioners, by John Ixmon, Esquire, ElizabethBor\field, Widow, and Reade Peacocke, Gentleman, for Damages by them severally sustained in ConlVquence of making such Cuts; which being reported to a very numerous Board of Commissioners, hold at The Black Bull in Somersham, on the 25th of October 1774, it was unanimonlly ordered, that the Petitioner, Thomas Cave, their Officer, and the Petitioners, the said John Cole, John Kent, and John

t / »»

bold I*eds, the said Committee appointed by the said Commissioners, and his Aftillants, should be liippqrted in their Proceedings pursuant to the said first-recited Order, and that all Expences incurred thereby should be defrayed out of the General Fund of the District; and that, in consequence of such Order, the Petitioners (fid severally enter Appearances to the said Actions; and that the Commissioners, at a Meeting held at The Black Bidl in Somersham, on the 6th of July 1775, taking into Consideration the before-recited Matters, and considering that the said Cuts were made by their Order, conceiving that it would be greatly for the Benefit of such of the Lands as were situate on the South East Side thereof, by making Openings through tho fame, to let the Waters then lying on the said Lands have their Course into a Drain or Sewer called Fenton Load, and likewise that such Cuts would tend

to the Freservation of the said Banks, and prevent them from being wartied away; and conceiving also that it was reasonable, as the Petitioners acted under such Direction for the general Good of all the Lands in the said District, that they should be supported against the said Actions and the Cortfcquences thereof, out of the Monies arising by the Taxes raised, or to be raised, by virtue of the said Two recited Acts, did therefore order that all Expences occasioned by suchDefence, andall Damages and Cells which the Petitioners should be put to, in or about the several Defences of the said Actions, should be made good to them out of the Taxes which already had been raised upon the Lands, and were then remaining undisposed of, or should be raised upon the said Lands, or any of them; and that the Treasurer, or the Collector of the said Taxes, or other Officer of the said Commissioners, for the Time being, by whom such Taxes or Assessments had been or should be re- ceived, should pay to the Petitioners till proper Sums of Money for that Purpose, and that in particular the said Treasurer, Collector, or other Officers, should forthwith advance to the Petitioners the Sum of £. 100, . towards their immediate Occasions, for the making such Defence, or the doing or obtaining the several Matters or things necessary for that Purpose; and that the said Action, so brought by the said Reade Peacocke, was tried at the Assizes held at Huntingdon, the 5th Day of August 1775, when a Verdictwas given again!! the Petitioners for £. 750 Damages and Costs of Suit; and the laid Two other Actions, brought by the said John Lemon and Elizabeth Bonfield, were then compromised by the Petitioners paying to them the Sum of 100; and that only £. 80 hath as yet been paid to the Petitioners, in Part of the said Costs and Expences; and that, pending the said Suits, an Act of Parliament was parted, for dividing Part of the said Lands from the said District; and that there is now before the House, a Bill for the better draining and preserving the remaining Part of the Ibid.Lands now in the said District and for laying a Tax thereon, for paying olF the Debts contracted by the said Commissioners; and that the Commissioners and Proprietors of the said Lands so divided from the fetid District, as also the Commissioners and Proprietors of such Part of the Lands as are contained in the Boundaries described in the said Bill, have refused to reimburse the Petitioners the Remainder of the said Costs, Damages, and Expences, alledging that they cannot agree and settle the proper Quota to be paid by the respective Proprietors of the Lands so divided from, and now remaining in, the said District: And therefore praying, that a Clause may be inserted in the said Bill, to direct the Commissioners and Proprietors of the said Lands that were contained in the said District, as well those that are now divided from, as those remaining still therein, to pay to the Petitioners the Remainder of the said Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, so respectively incurred by them, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration

i7 Geo. III. n

259

Confidstation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Hinchingbrook, ?>\iJohn

Hynde Cotton,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

X,udgershall . Mr. Wenman reported from the Committee, to whom Inclosure. the Bill for dividing and inclosing, assigning and allotting, the Open and Common Field, and Commonable Land, lying within the Field, Liberties, Territories, and 'Precincts, of Ludgerjh in the County of Buckingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relate to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Eight Yard Lands, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be indofed confifis of 51 Yard Lands and One Quarter; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cleric’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read through* out; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were difegreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bid, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

be. An Act for continuing, for a limited Time, An Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, sold by Wharf Measure, within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limelioufe , in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Oliver do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Ashton mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pallures, Keynes and other Commonable Grounds, in the Manor and Inc""urff* Parish of Ashton Keynes, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pen-ruddock, Mr. Skipwith, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir William Guise presented to the House, accord- Ewl ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Stoke Common Fields, Common Meadow, Stinted Pasture, *ncl<"ur<' and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Earl Stoke, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for widening, cleansing, and lighting, the fe- Woiverh«mp-veral Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Ways, and other Public streets. Pafihges, within the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County, of Stafford; and for taking down, altering, or rebuilding, certain Buildings therein mentioned, and for removing all other Nuisanees and Incroachments, and for regulating Carts and other Carriages, withii} the said Town, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Bagot, Mr. Curzon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’*

Chamber.

fiatarsh An ingossed Bill for continuing the Term mid tLatd* enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing end widening several Roads, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall, was read the Third Time.

Rtfdoed, That the Bill do pats:- And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

lfarington, A Bill for lighting and watching the Turnpike

Surrey, Road, leading from the next Blackman

WTghrty Street, in the ParUli of Saint Mary, Neivingtpn, in the " County of Surrey, to the Bridge at Walworth, in the feme Parish, and the several Roads, Ways, and Places therein described, communicating the rewith, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Skipwith, Mr. Whitworth. &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoooon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

London An ingossed Bill for continuing, for a Time therein Cml Meter’s to be limited, an Act, made in the Seventh Year of Office. tJje Reign of his present Majesty, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, sold by Wharf Measure, within the City of London and the Liberties 1 hereof, and between Tower Dock and Lime-. koife Hole, in the County of Middlesex, was read the Third Time*

Resolved, That the Bit) do pais: And that the Title . , Vol. 36.

Mr. Hanbury reported from the Committee, to Monmouth whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appoint- B,o*ds. ed to put iu Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

An Act for" repairing and widening the several Roads therein mentioned, leading to, through,1 and from,

" the Town of Monmouth," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the fold Petition, the said Act was read — And,

Mr. James Bowen produced to your Committee the Treasurer’s Accounts, whereby it appeared, that the Sum of /. 7,800 and upwards has been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act, which still remains due; and that there is not now £.200 in Hand.

And Mr. Bowen informed your Committee, That the Money borrowed has been laid out in the Execution of the said Act, and the Interest thereof regularly paid; but that the said Roads are in very baa Condition, and cannot be kept in Repair, and the Money owing repaid, unless the Term of the said Act is further continued, and other Powers granted.

And the Witness added,'That the present Tolls are not sufficient for the Purpose of repairing the said Roads, and paying off the present Debt; and that several other Alterations are necessary to be made to the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

enlarge

Tibfhelf

Inclosure,

Crookhill,

See.

Roads.

Kingsley,

Sic.

Inclosure.

Bala

and

Dolgtrltey

Roads.

Welland

and

Glenn

Navigation.

260 11° Marfii A. 177.7.

enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the " ed with such Petition a Plan describing the Line of Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the " such intended Canal or Navigation, and the Lands Second, for repairing and widening the several Roads " through which the same is to be carried; and that therein mentioned, lending to, through, and from, the " previous Application be made to the Owners and Town of Monmouth: And that Mr. Hanbury and Mr. " Occupiers of such Lauds, for their Assent to the Morgan., do prepare, and bring in, the fame. " proposed Canal or Navigation; and ^hat separate

" Lists of the Names of such Owners and-Occupier

A Bill for div iding, inclosing/and improving, certain " be presented also with the said Petition, distinguiming Commons, Lands, and Grounds, in the Township of " which of them, on such Application, have artented TibJhelJ',in the County of Derby, was read a Second f* to, or dissented from, the said proposed Canal or Time. 1 " Navigation, or are neuter irr respect thereto," might

- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pol- be read. '

bill. Lord George Cavendifli, &c.: And they are to meet . And the same being read accordingly;

this Afternoon, at Fiv e of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.;

Chamber. . Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to

the Committee, to whom the said Petition was re-A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Re- ferred. pair, the Roads leading from Crookhill, in the Parish of Chickrell, in the County of Dorset, to the Borough of Mr. Slorer presented to the House, according to Brampton Bridport, in the said County, was read a Second Time. Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Indofur*.

Rejalved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pur- several Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying

ling, Mr. Tucker, &c.: And they are to meet this within the Manor and Patith of Brampton, in the

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, ’ in the Speaker’s County of Cumberland: And the same was received j Chamber. and read the First Time.

Resolved, Tlvat the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Crcxve presented to House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Mr. Slorer presented to the House, according to Farlnm

Commons or Waste Grounds, within the several Town- Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Inclosure.

Uiips of Kingjley, Newton near Kirtgjley, Norley, and several Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying Crou ton, in the Parishes of Frodsham and Weaverham; within the Manor and Parish of Farlam, in the County

in the County of Chester: And the same was received; of Cumberland: And the same was received; and read and read the First Time. the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening several Roads, leading to and from the Towns of Bala and Doigelley, in the County of Merioneth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery, Denbigh, and Salop, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, ‘J'hat the Bill do pass: And that, the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and from the Towns of Bala and' ill the County of Merioneth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery, Denbigh, and Salop.

Ordered, That Sir Watkin Williams do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence-

Mr. Abel Smith reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of several Merchants, Tradestnen, 'and others, interested in the Improvement of the Navigation of the Rivers Welland and Glenn, in the County of Lincoln, and of several Owners of Lands and Fitates, within the Parishes of Surfleet, Algarkirk, and Fosdike, 011 Behalf of themfdyes and others, was referred; That, the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, had

been complied with (except that no Lift of Ofvners and Occupiers of Land, through which the Cut is proposed to be made, is annexed to the Petition; but that it appeared to the Committee, that the said Cut is only to be made over certain open Mar/h Lands and White Sands of little or no Value); and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had dirfled him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Re-> port in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read.

The House was moved. That the Standing Order of the House, of the 25th Day o 1774, ". That,

" after this Session of Parliament, when dny Petition " is presented to this House, for making a Navigable " Canal, or for making or improving the Navigation n of a River, or for altering any Act of Parliament parted for either of thofePurpoil-s, there be present-

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Halifax the Town of Half ax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Sheffield, in the same Riding, was read a Second Time. '' .

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Spencer Stanhope, Sir George Savile, Sec.:And they, are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the ' ‘v Speaker’s Chamber. ’

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring ip a Bill to- IVefemtian restrain Apprentices, Tradesmen, and other unqualified °g Persons, from destroying the Game in that Part of 60 n *

Great Britain called Scotland; and for granting to.

Proprietors of Lands in Scotland further Powers with1 regard to killing of Game: And that Sir George Suttie,

Mr. Cosmo Gordon, and Sir Adam Ferguffim, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Fames and Mr.’

Montagu:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An SevernPridg* -for building a Bridge across the River Severn, from ft or near a Place called Preen'sEddy, in the Parish of Pre#n ElU!r' Brofeley, to or near a Place called The Sheep in the Parish of Sutton Maddock, in the County of and for making proper Roads and Avenues to and from the same; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act, w*rminster» for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from. See. the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts, to a Road*. Place where the Roads to Bath and divide; and from the Town of Frome to the Town of Beckington, '

in the County of Somerset; and for repealing an A&, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads; and for repairing1 the Road from or near the Red Lion, in the Parish of Woolverton, in the said County of Somerset, to Rode Bridge, and from the said Bridge to the Turnpike Road leading from Trowbridge, by White Trough, to Beckington aforesaid: without any Amendment: And also.

The

Syllon Inc iol ure.

!rent Bridge to

Safkin^ Gate Road.

Brown's Debt to the Crown.

Cattle; Exemptions from Toll.

Bafchurch

&c.

Indofurr.

Harris’s

Divorce.

17 Geo. III. ii° — 13 0 Mar261

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act the Marriage of John Potter Harris, Esquire, with for dividing allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Elizabeth Martha his now Wife;

Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, in the Parish and to enable him to marry again; and for other Pur-of Syfton, in the County of Leicester, and several Par- poses therein mentioned. '

eels of Uninclosed Land, in the Parish of Barkby, in . And then the Messengers withdrew, the said County of Leicester, lying within the Ring of

the said Fields; without any Amendment: And A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

also. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more ....

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act easy and effectual Manning of the Royal Navy in Times the Navy, for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of War, and for giving Encouragement to Seamen of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign and Seafaring Persons to enter voluntarily into His of his late Majesty, for repairing the High Road lead- Majesty’s Service;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TeUersfor theYea I

Tellers for the Noes, j } Io6-

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit. Committed, being, to make an Agreement, or Composition, with notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House. the several Sureties of William Brown, and the Repre-

fentatives of such of the said Sureties as are dead, for The House was moved, That the Order made upon Supply,

a Debt remaining due from them to the Crown, on fe- Friday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Com-veral Tobacco Bonds entered into and executed by mittee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to such Sureties respectively; and that they and their consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty,

Estates ai.d Effects may be acquitted and discharged might be read.

therefrom: And the same was received; and read the And the said Order being read accordingly;

First Time. Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Jte/olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for limiting the Exemptions from Toll (granted by any The House was moved. That the Order made upon w*ys Act or Acts of Parliament for repairing Turnpike Friday last, for the House to resolve itself into a and Mean*. Roads) on account of Cattle going to and- from War Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, ter or Pasture: And that Mr. Knight, the Lord Neiv- to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the haven, and Mr. MUles, do prepare, and bring in, the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read, lame. And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Mr. Pulteney reported from the Committee, to whom Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom-the Petit ion of several Persons, Owners and Proprietors ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee, of Lands and Estates, within the Manors of Bafchurch,

Ruyton, West Felton, Horsley, Stamoardine in the Wood, And then the House adjourned till Thursday

Weston, Lulling field, and Stanwardine in the Fields, and Morning next. Ten of the Clock,

in the Parishes of Bafchurch, Ruyton, West Felton,

IJordley, and Eilefmere, in the County of Salop, whose ________________________________________

Jovisy 130 die Martii;

Anno 17# Georgii III-1 Regis, 1777.

YERS.

as followeth; viz. \ PETITION of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Harwich

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. il Commonalty, of the Town and Borough of Harbour. Robert Jefrays, being examined, said, He knows the Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, in Great Court af-Lands described in the Petition; that, in their present sembled, was presented to the House, and read; Set-Situation, they are incapable of being improved, but ting forth, That it appears by the Votes, that a Pe-may be rendered mnch more valuable to the several Per- tition hath been presented, from the Mayor, Aldermen, fons interested therein, by being divided and inclosed. and Capital Burgesses, of the Borough of Harwich, in Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill the County of Fffex, on Behalf of themselves, and of for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Commons, or several Owners and Mailers of Ships, and others, for Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Bafchurch, Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing and cleansing the Horsley, Stanwardine in the Wood, Weston, Lullingfield, Harbour of Harwich, in the County of Essex, and and Stanwardine in the Fields, in the County of Salop: erecting proper Works for the Security and Preserva-

And that Mr. Pulteney and Mr. Hill do prepare, and tion thereof; and alledging, that the Petitioners are bring in, the fame. entitled, by virtue of divers Charters and Grants from the Crown, to certain Rights, J urisdictions, and Pri-A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and vileges, within the said Town and Borough, which Mr. Montagu: extend up to and beyond the Quays of the Town of

Mr. Speaker, Harwich, to a certain Place called Polleshed, in the said

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made by County of Essex; and that of late the Mayor, Alder-this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve men, and Capital Burgesses, of the Borough of Har-Voe. $6. 3 X wich.

.Names are thereunto lublcnbed, was reterred; mat the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and -that the Committee bad examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it m at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is

Pra

ing from Brent Bridge, in the County of Devon, to Gajking Gate, in or near the Borough of Plymouth, in the said County; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time

Motion

respecting

Gatcflicad

Sec.

Road.

iumtifland Two Pennies Scots.

262 13° Martii. A, 1777.

toich, have attempted to deprive them of their said Rights, Jurisdictions, and Privileges; and that the Petitioners have caused an Action to be brought, the last Hilary Term, in the Court of King's Bench, against

the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses, in support of their said Rights, Jurisdictions, and Privileges, which Action is now depending: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel; and that no Bill may be brought into the House for the Purposes aforesaid; until the said Action now depending in the Court of King’s Bench shall be heard, and finally determined by the said Court.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Commit--tee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses, of the Borough of Hanvich, in the County of Essex, on Behalf of themselves and of several Owners and Masters of Ships, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, in the Counties of Durham, Northumberland, and in the Town of NetvcaJUe upon Tyne, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Hunter, being examined, laid. That the-Road from Gateshead, in the County of up the

South Side of the River Tyne, to where it joins the Hexham Turnpike Road near Bar, in the County of Northumberland, as described in the Petition; and also the Road from Mickley Bank to Silver Hill, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and incommodious; and that although it would be a Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of public Utility, to have the same properly amended, widened, and kept in Repair, the same cannot be done efle&ually by the Laws in being.

And he further said. That the making a Road across certain Inclosures belonging to Esquire,

in the Parish of Ryton, in a Right Line from The Church Lane to The Barr Moor, would open a much nearer and easier Communication with that Part of the Country, and render the intended Turnpike Road of more general Benefit to the Public.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Gateshead, in the County of Durham, to The Church Lane, near Ryton Lane Head, and from The Barr Moor to the Hexham Turnpike Road, near Dilston Bar, in the County of Northumberland and also the Road from

Mickley Bank to Lead Hill, or Silver Hills and for making a Road cross certain Grounds belonging to Crozier Surtees, Esquire, in the Parish of Ryton, in the County of Durham: And that Sir Thomas Clavering, Sir William Middleton, and Mr. Ord, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing Two Acts, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First,

and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale, vended or sold within the Town of Burntisland, and Liberties thereof, for increasing the Public Revenue of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

22

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing Two Acts, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King the First, and

in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale, vended or sold within the Town of Bumtijland and Liberties thereof, for increasing the Public Revenue of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Oswald do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir George Suttie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to restrain Apprentices, Tradesmen, and other unqualified Persons, from destroying the Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for granting to Proprietors of Lands in Scotland further Powers with regard to killing of Game: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tinae.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty-second Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, leading into the Town of Leominfcr, in the County of Hereford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do.pass: And tha,t the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty-second Years of his late Majesty VReign, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, leading into the Town in the County of Hereford.

Ordered, That Mr. Howard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. *

Mr. Coxe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, or Wastes, commonly called or known by the Names of Eastern Moore, Little Moor, Hackney Common, Pykes Hill, Slow Way, South Field Common, West Hill, Heath Common, Murry Common, otherwise Moor Row, Smurl Common, Cold Worth, Withy Common, otherwise Outer Bally, Middle Bally, Withy Wall, otherwise Inner Bally, Dott's Common, Cote Commons, Primer Hill,

Ring Stone's Hill, Long Pound Common, Guard . Parker's Lake Common, Thorn's Green,

and Gall Hill, lying in the Parish of Huhlfpill; in the County of Somerset; and also Land Moor, otherwise Cote Moor, and Gold Chtner, lying in or near the Parishes of Huntfplll aforesaid and Cofftngton, in the said County of Somerset, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Mailer and Scholars of Baliol College, in the University of Oxford, and of the Reverend Theophilus Leigh, Doctor in Divinity, was referred; That the Committee had'considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties Concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 48 Common Rights, who have not figued the Bill, but do not oppose the fame; and that the whole Number of Common Rights are about 175; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill);and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr.

Preservation of Game; Scotland.

Leominster

Road*.

a

Huntfpiil

and

Coffington

Inclosure.

17 Geo. III.

13 ° Marti

263

Bmleigh, & c. Drainage.

Mr. Coxe reported from the Committee, to whom Mr. presented to the House, according to

the Petition of John Acland, Richard Jenkyns, Robert Order, a Bill to enable William Dutton, Esquire, his

Dutton

Name.

Tudway, Thomas Millard, Denys Rolle, and Andrew Daubeny, and divers other Persons whose Names are thereunto set and subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774; relative to Bills of Drainage, had been complied with, and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read 3 and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Samuel Kingdon, Mr. James Haywood, and Mr. William Downs, in the Parishes of Shireborne and Windrush, in

White, being examined, said, That they have surveyed the County oiGloucester: And the same was received1; the Lands in the several Parishes of Butleigh, Street, and read the First Time.

First and other Sons, and their issue Male,' to take, use, and bear, the Name and Arms of Nqper, pursuant to the Will of James Lenox Dutton, Esquire, deceased; and for making the Exemplification of the Will and Codicil of the said James Lenox-Dutton, under the Great Seal of Great Britain; Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and /re landAnd the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Blackwell presented to the House, according td Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Paftpres, and Common

Shireborne

and

Windmill

Inclosure.

Gl.1fi.on Saint John, Glafion Saint Benedict, Walton, Ash-cott, Shapxoick, Moorlinch, Calcott, Chilton,

Cuffington, Woolavington, Huntfp'UL, Eafi Brent, South Brent, Mark, Wedtnore, Meare, Burnham, Badgworth, Biddi/ham, Chajiel Allerton, the Out Parishes of Saint Cuthbert in JTellt, Puritan, Pawlet, and Were, lying near the River Brue, in the County of which

contain upwards of Seventeen thousand Acres, and are, from their Situation, iiable to be overflowed by Water, occasioned by an Obstruction at High Bridge, and other Obllruftions and Annoyances, which renders the same of little Value to the Proprietors; and that if the said Obllruftions were removed, and the said Lands properly drained, it would be a great Advantage to the several Persons interested therein, and of Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual draining and preserving certain Low I^ands, Grounds, Moors, and Commons, in the

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

1

Mr. Knight presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for limiting the Exemptions from ’roll (granted by any Act or Acts of Parliament for repairing Turnpike Roads) on account of Cattle going td and from Water or Pasture: And the same was received; and read the feme First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the President and Scholars of the College of Saint Mary Magdalen, in the Univer-fity of Oxford, to grant Building Leases of certain Ground, Messuages, Houses, and Buildings, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, in the County of

Surrey, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the President and Scholars of the College of Saint Mary Magdalen, in the University of

Cattle; ExemDtion from Toll.

Magdalen

College,

(Oxford)

Leafing.

several Parishes or Chapelries of Butleigh, Street, Glafion Oxford, to grant Building Leases of certain Ground, Saint John, Glafion Saint Benedict, Walton, Ashcott, Messuages, Houses, and Buildings, in the Parish of Shapwick, Moorlinch, Catcott, Chilton, Edington, Cuf-. Saint John, Southwark, in the County of Surrey.

fington, Woolavington, Huntspill, Eafi Brent, South Brent, Mark, Wedmore, Meare, Burnham, Badgworth, Biddi/ham, Chapel AUerton, Were, Purilon, Pawlet, and the Out Parish of Saint Cuthbert in Wells, near the River Brue, in the County of Somerset: And that Mr.

Joodicote

Tciofure.

Ordered, That Mr. Page do carry the Bill to thfe Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Hyde reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing the Chafe of Enfield, in the Coxe and Mr. Phelips do prepare, and bring in, the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes therein fame. mentioned, was committed; and to whom the Petition

of Samuel Clayton, Esquire, Owner and Proprietor of Sir Willidm Guise presented to the House, according Enfield Old Park, in the County of Middlesex and also to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open the Petition of the Reverend Doctor Henry Owen, Viand Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands car of Edmonton, in the County of Middlesex,- and

Enfield

Chafe

Inclosure.

Earmington

Indolure.

in the Parish of Condicote, in the County of Gloucester; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rcjblved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, writhin the Parish

also the Petition of 'the Right honourable Wilmot Earl of Lijbume, in the Kingdom of Ireland; and also the Petition of John Windham Boivyer, Esquire, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with in respect to the said

of Kirnington, otherwise Kirmington, in the County of Chace; and that the Order of the House, of the 27th

Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Parish of Kirnington, otherwise Kirmington, in the County of Lincoln.

of January last, relating to the Waste Land in the Parish of South Mimms, had been complied with; and that the Committee had heard Counsel upon the Second-mentioned Petition, and had also considered the other Petitions to them referred; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Sa-

Wonmouth

Roadt.

Ordered, That Lord Brozvnlazv Bertie do carry the Bill tisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Houses and Lands, who, when rated at Three Shillings

in the Pound to the Land Tax, pay the Yearly Sum Mr. Hanbuiy presented to the House, according to of £. 98. 1 is. 8 who being applied to refused to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an sign the Bill; and also except the Proprietors of Houses Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of and Lands, who pay to the said Land Tax the Yearly King George the Second, for repairing and widening Sum of £226. is. who being applied to refused to; the fe\ eral Roads therein mentioned, leading to, sign the Bill, but declared they would not oppose the through, and from, thp Town of Monmouth: And the fame; and also except the Proprietors of Houses arid same was received; and read the First Time. . Lands, who pay to the said Land Tax the-Yearly Sum

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Vot. 36.

of £.335. 145. 9 d.who either could not be

found, or had

Uffiugroa,

See.

Iodofurt,

Wdferd

IftdofuiC.

Prints; Escouracin ibe Am of

Designing,

lie.

264 130 Martii. . 1777.

had Copies of the Bill sent to them, and gave no Answer thereto; and that the Whole of the Houses and Lands hav ing Right of Common on the Lands intended to be divided, pay'to the said Land Tax the Yearly Sum of £. 2,895. 14*. 6 d.); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him te report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for altering the Situation of Pounds and Pinfolds.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, Commons, and other Commonable Lands, within the Township of and the

Hamlets of Balking and Woolston otherwise Wool-verjten, and within the Hamlets of Kingston Lijle and Faicler, in the County of Berks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elwes, Sir William Bagot, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Provost and Scholars of The Queen's College, in the University of Oxford, which was presented to the House upon Tuefdqy Iaft, and then ordered to lie upon

the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Infraction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Pouys presented* to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commonable Places, of and within the Parish of Welford, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Greville presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending and rendering more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the other in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Enc ouragement of the Arts of designing, engraving, and etching, Historical and other Prints; and for making further Provision to secure the Property of Prints to the Inventors and Engravers thereof: And the same was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition and Memorial of the principal Trades-jnen, Shopkeepers, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Manchester, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioners have, for a long Time past, suffered great Injuries and Inconveniences in the Exercise of their respective Trades, and sustained a considerable Loss in their Property, by the Introduction of large Quantities of Counterfeit Halfpence, which have been circulated in the Town of Manchester and the adjacent Country, in direct Opposition to the lawful Coin of this Realm, and to the manifest Injury and Distress of the fair Trader and the Public; and that the Petitioners, well knowing the fatal Tendency of such illicit Practices, have endeavoured by all lawful Means to suppress the Currency of such Counterfeit Money, and to bring the Offenders to exemplary Punishment, but have, to their great Concern and Disappointment, found all their Attempts fruitless and ineffectual; and have been informed that the Laws, in their present State, are inefficient for that Purpose; and that the Petitioners daily find, that the Introduction of the said Counterfeit Halfpence is a growing Evil, -and loudly calls for Redress, and which, the Petitioners are advised, cannot be obtained without the Intervention of the Legislative Authority: And therefore praying the House to take the above Premises into Consideration, and to provide such Remedies and Relief as they may think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for executing Two Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads therein mentioned, leading from a Gate called Poole Gate, in the Town and County of Poole, and also of several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Dor-Jet, residing upon or near the said Roads, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, leading from a Gate in the Town and County of Poole, called Poole Gate, and for repealing Two Acts of Parliament, of the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Years of his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads; and also for applying a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, towards paving, repairing, and widening, a certain Street or Way, within the said Town and County of and setting forth. That several of the Clauses and Provisions of the said Bill are calculated, as the Petitioners conceive, to answer partial Purposes, and will be injurious to them, and others, who travel upon, and contribute to, the Tolls raised upon the said Roads; and that the Petitioners and others have already presented a Petition against: such Parts of the said Bill as affect them, but through Mistake, there was no Prayer contained in the said Petition, that they might be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the same: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, in support of the said former and this present'Petition, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect, and, as they conceive, will be injurious to, them, if the same pafl’es into a Law as it now Hands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Infraction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Mr.

Counterfeit

Halfpence.

fool Gate Road.

17 Geo. III. Martil 265

Kensington Poor, Ire*

Mr. Aldermhn JFiVAetf reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other the Inhabitants and Parishioners, of the Parish of in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the floufe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: W here the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Callaway, being examined, said, That the said

Parish of Kensington hath, of late Years, greatly in-

creased in Puddings and Inhabitants, whereby the Poor are become very numerous, and the Poors Rates are daily and gradually encreasing, and the Parish Officers are under great Difficulties in providing Lodgings and proper Accommodations for their Reception; the Alms Houses and Poor Houses belonging to the said Parish being very insufficient for that Purpose.

And the Witness further said, That if a sufficient Workhouse was provided for the Parish, and put under the Care, Management, and Regulation of proper persons, to be from Time to Time annually appointed, the Aged and Infirm, as well as Infants, would be better provided for, and the idle and dissolute might be employed so as to maintain themselves, whereby the Inhabitants and Parishioners would, in that Respect, be greatly eased in the Poor Rates.

That the purchasing of Ground in the said Parish, and building such a W orkhouse, and providing it with proper Accommodations for the Reception of the Poor, would not coll more than £.4,000.

Then the W itncfs produced to your Committee, Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date the 3ill Day of May, and the ill Day of June 1757, by which it appeared, that certain former Trustees therein named conveyed to Robert Phillimore, Esquire, Stephen Esquire, Edward Llmjd, Esquire, Robert Pilkington, Thomas Bird, and John Clark, and Ten others (fmee deceased) as Trustees, certain Pieces or Parcels of Land therein mentioned (to wit) Two Parcels of Land at Shepheard's Bush, in the Parish of Fulham, in the County of Middlesex, called Chare Crofts, containing Fourteen

Acres, or thereabouts, and which had been purchased with a Legacy of£.20c, given by the W ill of Baptist Lord Viscount Campden, dated the 29th Day of October, 1629, to be yearly employed for the Good and Benefit of the Poor of the Town of Kensington, for ever, in such Manner as certain i’rullees therein named, and the Churchwardens of Kensington, lor the Time being# should think fit to establish, for ever; and also One other Piece of Land in the said Parish of Kensington, called Butts Field, containing Six Acres and an Half, or thereabouts, which last mentioned Piece of Land was purchased with a Legacy of £.200, given by the Will of Lady Elizabeth Viscounlels Campden, to certain Trustees (Alice deceased) and the Churchwardens of the said Parish Church of Kensington, for the Time being, to be laid out in Lands, in Trull, as to One Moiety thereof, that it should be and remain, from Time to Time, for ever, for and towards the better Relief of the most Poor and needy People that should be of good Life and Com erlation in the said Parish, and the other Moiety to be and remain for ever Yearly for putting out poor Boys Apprentices; the Poore Moiety to be paid to them Yearly, in Manner therein mentioned; and likewise One other Messuage and Brewhouse, Malthouse, and Two Acres of I.and at Kensington Gravel Pits, in Trull, to let the same for the Benefit of the Poor at Kensington, in such Manner and according to the Directions of the Wills of I-ord and Lady Campden, and when the Number of Trustees should be reduced to Eight or Six, to nominate others for the same Lies.

And the Witness, being further.examined, laid, That Vox.. 36.

the said Estates lire noW let upon Leases for short Terms of Years (which Terms are nearly expired) at the annual Rent of £.54 — That the Petitioners# and the said surviving Trustees, are offered, and could now let, the said Field called Butt Fields to build upon, and the said Fields called Chare Crofts, for making Bricks and Tiles, and the said Brewhouse, Malthouse,' and Lands, thereto belonging, to commence from the Expiration of the present Leases thereof, at very considerable improved Rents and Fines# to the Amount of £.280 per Annum, provided they were enabled to grant building Leases thereof, and to dig for Brick Earth, Loom, Gravel, &c.

And the Witness further said, That the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Parishioners, of Kensington aforesaid, are desirous that the same Estates, and all other their Estates, should be let out upon Leases for such Terms of Years, and at such Reserved Rents, and in such Manner, as shall be thought mofl beneficial to the said Trull, and that Three-fourths of the Referred Rents be, from Time to Time, applied in Aid of the Poor Rates, for paying Interest of Monies to be borrowed, or Annuities to be granted, for railing Monies for purchasing Ground, and erecting and compleatly finishing a Workhouse' for the said Parish, which will be of real Benefit to the Poor, as well as to the Parishioners in general, and that the remaining One-fourth may be continued to be applied for putting out poor Boys Apprentices.

Then an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to impower the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Vestry, of the Parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, to make a Rate or Rates for the Relief

of the Poor, repairing the Highways, and cleansing the Streets, within the said Parish, wras read; and, by a Clause in the said Act, it appeared, that the Rates for the Relief of the Poor, repairing the Highways, and cleansing the Streets, within the said Parish, aredirested to be made equal Pound Rates or Assessments upon all and every such Person and Persons as were chargeable for the Relief of the Poor by the Laws then in being; — and by another Clause in the same Act, it appeared that all the Rates to be thereafter made for the Relief of the Poor, and all other the Parochial Rates to be thereafter made in the said Parish, should be made according to the Land Tax Books of the said Parish for the Time being.

And the Witness, being further examined, said. That the lull-mentioned Claiil’e is in a great Degree repugnant to the former; and that for many Reasons no fair or equal Pound Rates can be made in the said Parish, according to the Poor Laws, so long as the Parochial Rates continue to be governed by the Land Tax Books, and the rather, for that the Land Tax Books being made out but Once a Year, and at a different Time from the Parochial Rates, which are made at least Twice a Year, many Losses of Poor Rates happen to the Parish thereby, besides the Difficulties accruing to the Officers in collecting the fame; that if so much of the said Act, as relates to the making of the Parochial Rates by the Land Tax Books, was repealed, and if the Petitioners were empowered to make fair and equal Pound Rates, according to the true Rents or Fines in lieu of Rents, actually paid by the Occupiers or Holders cf Houses aid I.m.dsirthe said Parish, and if the Petitioners, and the said Trustees, w’ere enabled to let the said Charity Estates iii Manner aforesaid, and to appropriate the said Three-fourths of the Produce thereof, and of all other the said Estates, in Aid of such Rates, and to raise Money upon the Credit of such Rates, the Petitioners would thereby be enabled to purchase Land, and to build or provide such Workhouse and Accommodations for employing the Poor as aforesaid, to the great Ease of the said Parish, and the Inhabitants thereof; and that if

3 Y proper

66 13 1777.

proper Powers were given to 4he said Parishioners to Ordered, That-the fai'd Bill be read a Second Time appoint a fit Number of Trustees to be annually added ppou Morning next,

to the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Overseers, for the

Time being, lor carrying the said Act into Execution, and for executing tike federal Triifts and Powers to be therein contained, it would tend to the more easy Execution thereof.

Sir George Saviie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill so dividing, allotting, and inclosing, fever a! Commons, Moors, or Waste Grounds, and Open Common Fields, in the Township of

Bam (ley Indofur«»

Mr. Benjamin Niblett, Mr. Thomas Walter, and Mr. within the Parish of Silkjion, in the County of York

Thomas Stokes, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief, Employment, Regulation, and Government, of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary Abbotts, Kensington, in the County of r, and for building a Workhouso for the Reception of the said Poor; and also for enabling the Trullees for the Time being:, of certain Charity Estates, belonging to the said Parish, to grant Leases thereof, and to manage and improve the fame, and apply the Rents and Profits thereof, in the Manner therein mentioned; and for explaining and amending An Act of Parliament, passed in

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refofagd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bouverie reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Duntifborne , in

the County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Al-

Dunti (borne Abbotts* Inclosure*

tjhe Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty legations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; Eing Georgethe Second, intituled, An Act to impower and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent

to the Bill, ,to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Herbert Mackzoorth reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons residing in and near the Cities of London and Westminster, who

" the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Vef- try, of the Parish of Kensington, in the County of " Middlesex ,to ;make a Rate or Rates, for the Relief " of the Poor, and the better repairing of the High-«< ways, and cleansing the Streets, within the said " ParishAnd that Mr. Alderman Wilkes and Mr.

Byng do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Phillip*’* A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Mailers

Lighthouse. of Ships, in the Port of Chester, was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, having read the Petition of John Phillips of Liverpool, respecting like Lights on The Smalls, humbly pray.

That he may be enabled to maintain and support the fame, in such Manner as may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, buy large Quantities of Hay and Straw for their own to whom the Petition of John Phillips of Liverpool is Consumption, on Behalf of themselves and others, referred. was referred; That the Committee had examined the.

Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to.

Promissory A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House;

Note*, Sec.Traders, Manufacturers, and others, of the Town and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

and Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same County of York, was presented to the House, and was read; and is as followeth; viz. read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have ob- To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An served, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, for Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of further restraining the Negotiation of PromissoryJNotes, his late Majesty, to ascertain the Weight of Trustes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a larger Sum of Straw, and to punish Deceits in the Sale of Hay therein to be limited, for the Amendment of an Act and Straw, in Trulfes, in London, and within the passed in the Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within the Distance of Reign, intituled, "An Act to restrain the Negotiation Thirty Miles thereof, and to prevent common Salesof Promissory Notes, and Inland Bills of Exchange, men of Hay and Straw from buying the same on their under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England and that the happy Effects

arising from the aforesaid Act is much experienced by the Return of Silver Coin into this Part of the Country, which, by the Circulation of Notes for final! Sums, was carried away into diliant Parts; and that

own Account to fell again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read.

And your Committee examined Mr. John a Stable Keeper, in Lamb's Conduit Street, who informed them, That the Penalties of buying Hay to fell again by Persons calling themselves Salesmen, who

the present Circulation of Notes, in Value Twenty are neither Farmers, nor Stable Keepers, is very com-Shillings and upwards, the Petitioners apprehend, is mon; that those Men outbid the Persons who buy for not only of great Inconvenience, Hazard, and Loss, their own Consumption; that the Salesmen are very but also the foie Cause of so great a Scarcity of Gold well known, and that few Farmers fell Hay without in this large Trading Country; and that a Continuance employing the m; that most of the Salesmen are Far-of such Notes will infallibly produce a much greater mere, who fell other People’s Hay as well as their own; Want of that Coin, as they are become so very nume- that he never tried to recover the Penalty inflicted by sous: And therefore requesting. That the Sum specified the said Act on Persons buying Hay to fell again, on in the aforesaid Act may be extended to the Sum of Account of the Shortness of the Time thereby limited

Five Pounds, or such other Relief in this same as the House may think needful.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for further restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes, and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England, be read a Second Time.

18

Hay and

Straw; Regulating Saif fmen,

for laying the Information, nor ever knew the Penalty paid. And being asked. If he knew that all Sales of Hay are registered ? he said, He knew that the Sales of Straw were, but never had any Hay registered, nor knew he was liable to any Penalty for neglecting to have it done. Apd, being asked, he gave it as his Opinion, That the Time limited for recovering the

Penalty

17Gfio.nl. i3° — 14

Penalty is too short, and that the prolonging it, and teftraining all Persons from acting as Salesmen, but such as should be appointed by the Magistrates, would "be the Means of presenting the present iniquitous Practices in the buying and selling of Hay and Straw.

Mr. James Fozard related to the Committee, an Instance of the Practice of Salesmen purchasing Hay, at an advanced Price, to prevent the Consumer’s buying it himself.

And Mr. Joseph Berks gave your Committee an Account of his having fold new Hay to a Salesman, who disposed of the feme again at an advanced Price as old Hay; that he had let him have it at his own JRequdt, thinking it better than to take the Chance of the Market; but that when he discovered, by Means of his Servant, the above-mentioned Circumstances, he ceased dealing with him on Account of such unfair Practice, which he thought not right, and has ever since fold his own Hay. And, being asked, he declared himself unacquainted with the Penalties in the above-recited A Bt.

Your Committee then called Mr. Thomas,

a Stable Keeper and Publican, in Saint s Hay Market, who being asked, laid, He bad a Farm at Hendon, and usually consumes his own Hay, but that this Year he fold a Rick, of about 60 Load, to a Person who he has since heard, and who Was proved to your Committee, to be a Salesman; that he contracted to deliver a certain Quantity every Week till the Whole was.carried; and that the Salesman had fold, at the Witness’s Door, feme for more, foine for left, than the Prime Colt.

Mr. John Leigh, Clerk to Sir John Fielding, was next examined, who gave the Committee an Account of Complaints being made before the above Magistrate of the Practice of buying Hay to fell again, and of Frauds in the Weight of Truffes, which Complaints had been found upon looking into the Ad to be made too late.

Your Committee then called Mr. John Woodward, Clerk of Saint James's Hay Market, who produced the Register Book of the said Market, kept pursuant to the Directions of the Act for regulating the said Market; and, being examined, feid, That in general the Farmers are satisfied with the Salesmen; that frequent Applications are made tq him to search the Register, in order to see that the Salesmen have delivered in true Accounts; that the Price of Hay fold is cegiftered within Six Hours after the Sale; that there have been frequent Proceedings had to levy the Penalty on Saleftnen making false Entries, and that if the Persons concerned therein do not take the Matter up, he frequently does; that he had also proceeded to levy the Penalty on buying in the Market to fell again; that the Sum is large enough; that he never found any Difficulty in respect to the Time allowed by Act of Parliament for commencing the Prosecution; that he knew of only One Person in the Market who buys to fell again, but had heard of others; that if there were no Salesmen, he does not think the Market would be so well supplied as it is, because in Harvest and Seed Time the Farmers have not Leisure to come with their Hay; that ia his Opinion the Salefinen are better as they are, than if they were established by Law, because in that same they would do as they please, whereas at present they are under the Controll! of their Employers; and he concluded by feying, that he did not know of any Combinations among the Salesmen.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Corftoa Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to

IkWiu*. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing Corf ton Wood, otherwise Corveton Wood or within the Manor

Vol. 36.

" Mar Hi. 267

of Corf toil otherwise Corveton, and Parirti of Diddle-bury, in the County of Salop; and for making a Boundary or Ring Fence against certain Common or Waile Grounds, in the Manor of Corpham, within the same Pari Hi: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Preservation Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, of intituled, "An Act for the better securing and preferr- ®oc*t Yards. " ing His Majesty’s Dock Yards, Magazines, Ships,

" Ammunition, and Stores," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better securing and preferring the Dock Yards, Magazines, Ships, Vessels, Stores, Warehouses, Goods, and Merchandizes, being the Property of private Persons, within the Kingdom of Great Britain: And that Mr. Combe, Sir Herbert Mackworth, Mr. Burke, Mr. Cruger, Mr. Comptroller of the Houshold, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Dunning, Mr. Pennant, and Mr.

Fane, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Cultivation the farther advancing the Cultivation, Improvement, _ o{ and Regulation, of the Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, and Commons of Pasture, in thifc Kingdom: And that Sir Richard Sutton, Sir Herbert Mackworlh, Mr. Skipwith, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the York Committee, to whom the Bill for expediting the Sale Building* of the Estates in Scotland, belonging to the York Company. Buildings Company, for the Relief of their Creditors, is committed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Annuities, the whole House, to whom the Bill to restrain the raising of Money by the Sale of Annuities for the Life of the -Grantor, was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning nfext.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 140 die Martii *

Anno 17* Georgii IIP'1 Regis, 1777.

Prayers.

MR. Thomas AsJhetonSmith reported from the Com- Tal y Cafn

mittee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for F*rrx

putting in Execution an Act, made in the Ninth Year Roa‘l* of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading " from Taly Cafn Ferry, in the County of Caernarvon,

" and through the Towns of Conway, Bangor, and " Caernarvon, to the Town of Pwllhely, in the same County;" and of several other Persons, who fe Names are thereunto subscribed, residing near the said Road, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the -Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with (except with respect to that Part of the Road leading from the Turnpike Road between Caernarvon and Piollhely, to the Town of Neviri, in the said County, which was not mentioned in the No- _ tice inserted in the Newspapers, but was described in the Notice affixed on the Sessions House of Caernarvon, at the last Michaelmas Selfipns; and likewise that the

Estimate

Tal y Cafn Ferry Road.

26 8 14 0 Martii.1777.

Estimate of the proposed Expence of making the said Roads, and the Account of the Money lubscribed, with the Names of the Persons subscribing, were not annexed to the Petition, but were produced to your Committee, and are annexed to the Report) and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read. And,

Mr. Thomas Ellis, being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed the Sum of £.4,320 on the Credit thereof; which cannot be repaid, and the said Roads effectually widened and repaired, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged; and that several Alterations and Amendments are necessary to be made thereto.

And the Witness added. That the several Roads described in the Petition are ruinous and narrow, and cannot be effectually widened and repaired by the Laws now in being.

Mr. Richard Silvester, being examined, confirmed

the Whole of the foregoing Evidence, except with respect to the Money borrowed.

An Extract of the Subscriptions entered into towards defraying the Expence of repairing and widening the several Roads mentioned in the annexed Petition.

Bulkeley s. - 800

J. Parry - - - 300

T. Williams - - - 200

Tho' Ellis - - - - IOO

£.1,400 r

The above is a true Extract, taken from the original Subscription Paper, By me

T. Williams,

8 7 7 7 -

An Estimate of the Expence of repairing and widening the Road leading from Cafn , on the Denbighshire Side of the River to

join the Turnpike Road between Conway and Saint AJ'aph, at a Place called Sam y Mynech, By Rich4 Sylvester, a Surveyor of Roads.

To repairing and widening Miles and £. s. d. an Half, which is the Extent of this Road, making it 6 Yards wide, and laying it with Materials of Stone and Gravel 16 Feet wide, and 12 Inches deep, in the Center, falling gradually to 6

Inches at the Sides, at £.90 per Mile, 405------

Ridi* Silvester, Surveyor.

8th February 1777-.

An Estimate of the Expence of repairing and widening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road between Bangor and Comoay, at the Village of Aber, in the County of , over

y DdanfacnMountain, to Taly Cafn Ferry, and

from thence to Uanrwjl, in the County of Denbigh. By Rick'1 Silvester, a Surveyor of Roads. To repairing and widening 11 Miles, £. s. d. making the Road 6 Yards wide, with Materials of Stone and Gravel, it>

Feet wide, and 12 Inches deep, in the Center, fulling gradually to 6 Inches

at the Sides, at £. 100 per Mile - 1,100------

Rich"1 Si/ve/ler, Surveyor.

8th February 1777.

An Estimate of the Expence of repairing and widening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road between Carnarvon and Pwllhel/, to the Town of

Kevin, in the County of Carnarvon. By Ricli*

Silvester, a Surveyor of Roads.

To repairing and widening 6 Miles, be- £. s. d. ing the Extent of this Road, 6 Yards wide, with Materials of Stone and Gravel, 16 Feet wide, and 12 Inches deep, in the Center, falling gradually to 6 Indies at the Sides, at £. 60 per Mile - - - - 360 — —

Rich* Silvester, Surveyor.

8th February 1777.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring m a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty* intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening ttys " Road leading from Tal y Cafn Ferry, in the County " of Caernarvon, and through the Towns of Conway,

" Bangor, and Caernarvon, to the Town of " in the same County;" and also, for repairing and widening the Roads from Tal y Cafn Ferny aforesaid, on the Denbighshire Side of the River Conway, to join the Turnpike Road between Comoay and AJaph, at a Place called SamyMynech; and from the Turnpike Road between Bangor and the Village

of Aber, over Bwich y Ddwyfaen Mountain, to Tal y Cafn Ferry aforesaid, and from thence to the Town of Llannoft, in the County of Denbigh: And that Mr.

Thomas AsJ/ieton Smith and the Lord Bullceley do pre>-pare, and bring in, the feme.

Lord George Cavendijk presented to the House, ac- KUIamaWh cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Inclosorc. several Open Fields, Arable Lands, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Kit-lamarsh, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Journeymen Stuff and Felt Hat- Hatters; makers of the Town of Newcastle under Line, in the Trade

County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto sub- r

feribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill to regulate the Prices of Labour, the Hours of working, and the taking of Apprentices, in the Hat Manufactory; and Setting forth. That, if the said Bill should pals into a Law as it now hands, the Petitioners will be greatly affected and prejudiced thereby: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, or their Agents or Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Ta- ble, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition. /

Mr. Pelham reported from the Committee, to whom gwinftwd the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- incl&fure. mon Fields, Meadow's, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lauds and Grounds, in the l'arish of Swinjlead, and County of Lincoln, was committed;

That, the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1771, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; anti that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the

w Bill,

17 Geo. III. 14 0 Mar ti269

Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Crookhill, A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free-holders, and others, of the County of whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Bill is depend-, ing, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Crookhill, in the Pari Hi of Chickerell, in the County of Dorset, to the present Turnpike Road at Bothen near the Borough of

Bridport, in the said County; and that the Road leading from Rodden Common, in the Parish of Portesham,

through Cheese Lane, to the Gate at the Water leading to WaddonHouJ'e, the Road leading from the intended

Turnpike, at or near a certain Place called Langton. Cross, to Langton Church, and the Road leading from Portesham aforesaid, over , Blagdown, and

Steeple ton Cowleaze, to the Turnpike Roads \\\ Winter-home Steeplelon, in the said County, adjoining to the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Bill, are in a ruinous Condition, inconvenient for Wheel Carriages, and in many Places narrow and dangerous for Travellers, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Tucker, Mr.

Sec.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

ludeigh, Mr. Cove presented to the House, according to Or-tcc. der, a Bill for the more effectual draining and preserv-^*"8* ing certain Low Lands, Grounds, Moors, and Commons, in the several Parishes or Chapelries of Butleigh, Street, Glajton Saint John, Glajton Saint BenediEl, Walton, Ashcott, Shapwick, Moorlinch, Catcott, Chilton,

Edington, Cuffvngton, Woolavington,

Brent, South Brent, Mark, Wedmore, Meare, Burnham, Badgtoorth, Biddifham, Chapel Allerton, Were, Puriton, Pawlet, and the Out-Parish of Saint Cuthbert in Wells, near the River Brut, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

gggdrat Sir Henry Paulet Saint John reported from the Com-

Road. mittee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term, and continuing the Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George Second, for repairing the Road from a Place called The Golden Farmer, near Bagshot, in the County of Surrey, to Hertf in the County of Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once

Vol. 3G.

read throughout; and tlfen a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Thomas Clavering presented to the House, ac- ’ Gatefliead, cording to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening &c* the Road from Gateshead, in the County of Durham, Road‘ to The Church Lane, near Ryton Lane Head, and from.

The Bar Moor to the Hexham Turnpike Road, near Dilfton Bar, in the County of Northumberland; and also the Road from Mickley 'Bank to Lead Hill, or Silver Hill; and for making a Road cfofs certain Grounds belonging to Crozier Surtees, Esquire, in the Parish of Ryton, in the County of Durham: And the1 the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navi8Mi*n» Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Trent, in the Lordlliips of Satoley and Long Eaton, in the County of Derby, to or near Langley Bridge, in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;’

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question, viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Four " Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word, " now"

Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided. f

The Noes went forth. *

TelUrsfor theY} 79-

Tellers for the Noes, j Montagu, J -j;

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

And the House being informed that no Counsel attended;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Townfield, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of Sir James Lowther, Baronet, Was pre- Workington fented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Harbour. Bill for amending, enlarging, deepening, preserving, and improving, the Harbour of Workington, in the County of Cumberland, and for discharging certain Debts already contracted on account of the said Harbour; and setting forth, That the Petitioner apprehends ' he will be greatly injured in his Property, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, and that it would be otherwise injurious to the Trade of such Vessels as frequent those Parts: And therefore praying. That he may be at Liberty to be heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, at such Time as the House shall direct.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be then heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the ^Abbottt°* 3 2 Open Inclosure.

*7®

i4° Ma

A. 1777.

Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Vunti<bomc Abbotts, in the County of was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Billdopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields^ Common Pastures, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Duntijborne Abbotts, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Bouverie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

in the Parish of Kirknewton, in the County of Northumberland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing Fremington Edge and Fremington Moor, and certain Waste

Grounds, in the Township of Fremington, in the Parish of Grinton, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Fremington

Inclomre.

Winthnrpe

Inclosure.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ,r , ,. *».%». , t „ be, An Act for dividing and inclosing Fremington Edge

Notice being taken, that His Majesty s Interest is and Moor, and certain We Grounds, i

nporn/lrl in rho Kill rl«trirl in rr ond inn niino the . 9 _ _ .

in

Fremington

inclosure.

Kingsley,

&c.

Inclosure.

concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Grounds, in the parish of Winthorpe, in the County of Nottingham; which Bill was, upon Friday last, reported from the Committee to whom the same had been committed;

Mr. Comptroller of the Household, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, haring been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing Fremington Edge and Fremington Moor, and certain Waste Grounds, in the Township of Fremington, in the Parish of Grinton, in the North Riding of the County of York; which Bill was, upon Friday last, reported from vest"g ortteSw'SeTof the Committee to whom the same had been com- Esqui°C) at Thwing and 06lon> in the Parish of Timing

nutted; 11 f. 1, . !> u , a the in the East Riding of the County of

Mr. Comptroller of the Household, by ILs Majesty’s in the said Robert £ Fee Simple; and

Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, fof fettIing an m*te of the said Robert in the.

having tteen informed of the Purport of the said Bill, Township of Ne/wick, in the Parish of in the

gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty s Interest is said East1Riding’/of the County of York, of greater Va-concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall ,ue> in lieu ther8eof. and for 0jher Purposes; to which

think fit. the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

the Township of Fremington, in the Parish of,

in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir James Pennyman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Page presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Stanton Saint John, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Fames and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

Staoton. St. John Incbfure.

Grimftoa,s £ dates.

A Petition of William Emanuel Page, Vicar of the Vicarage or Parish Church of in the County of Chrfter, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner, as Vicar of the said Vicarage or Parish Church, is entitled to certain Vicarial Tythes, arising within the said Parish or the

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Halifax, &c. whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering Roads*

' ' ~ " ' the

r~. , hl ~c , . , . 7* and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in

Tumble Maces thereof, awl in particular in the fe- Xhirt tlli*, \-ear of the Reign of His late Majesty,

venftTowa h.psofKmplajX'wIm near Kmgstev and for di*erti alteri„giwide„in|,repairing, and aofend

Corley, and within which there are divers unmclosed - - 0 - — 0 -r----

Commons or Waste Grounds; and taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons or Waste Grounds, within the several Town-ftiips of Kingsley, Neioton near Kingsley, Norley, and Crowton, in the Parishes of Frod/ham and Weaverham,

ing, the Roads from the Town of Halifax, and from Sowerby Bridge, in the County of York, by Todmorden, to Burnley and Littleborough, in the County of Lancaster, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto sub-

au . c r>taj £ _au r a, scribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners or

m 0>unty of CheJUrs and stirther fctting forth, Occupies of Estate*, and Inhabitants, within the Town Thai the said Inclosure or Dmfion is proposed, by the Aw/fehi. iVnAlimrih. and Mid«b„. in the Pa,

said Bill, to be made without making any Satisfaction to the Petitioner for his said Tithes, or otherwise than

by saving or reserving to him such Tithes and Dues as of Right have been used qr accustomed to be paid to him with respect to the Lands or Grounds so proposed to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid; and that the Petitioner apprehends, that himself and his Successors, Vicars of the said Vicarage, are likely to be prejudiced by the said Bill, in case the same should pals into a

ships of Stansfeld, Wad/worth, and Midgley, in the Pa-

rifli of Halifax, and County of York, was referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

HowtcU

Inclosure.

Law: And therefore praying. That he may be at Li- rt wa3 read

berty to be heard, by himself, hi* Agcnuor CWej, Xnd several of the Amendment* made by the Com-at or before the Committee to tvhtm. the fari Bdl mittee to ,he said Bi|, fCTeraJI, reJ a Second

feahfeuid referred, or, if necelfery, at the Bar of the Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

11 0rd"\i’, J]*‘fe*? Pejti0£,d° !ie^P°"the Ta- ’^Another of dfe^iendments made by the Committee hie, untd the find BUI be read a Second Time. to the said Bm> being read a Second Time, wa*, upon

Sir Thomas Clavering presented to the House, accord- the Question pqt thereupon, postponed. ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a Com- The Residue of the Amendments made by the Common, or Moor, called Howtell Common, alias Houfdon, mittas to the said Bill, being severally read a Seconej 20 Tjme,

Bricks,

he.

supplr.

17 Geo. III.

140 — 170

271

Time, were, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed, with respect to the Amendment which has been postponed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the feme was committed.

Luna, 170 die Martii;

Anno 17? Georgii III0* Regis, 1777.

Bugthorpe

Inclosure.

Prayers.

MR. Skiptoith presented to the House, Recording to Order, a Bill for opening Communications from Wapping Street to Ratcliffe Highway, by widen-

ing the South West End of Bird Street, and by building a new Street from Bird Street, across certain Fields

Sir George Scroils reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Stinted Pastures, within the Township of Bugthorpe, in the County of York; and for exempting the Lands, Tenements, and Frontsteads, within the

Parish of Bugthorpe, from the Payment of Tithes and ~ rr- . *

other Ecclesiastical Dues, and for other Purposes therein Gardens, to in afore-

contained, was committed; That the Committee had fStreet

examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the ^fore^d, through Globe^Yard, Sampfons Gardens, and House, of the Twenty-fifth of April 1774, relative to from thence to Artichoke Hill, in Bills of Inclosure, had been complied With; and that foresaid; and another new Street, from Old Gravel the Committee had examined the Allegations of the *£ne\ Street and from thence to

Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Par- and for paying the said intended Str^s,

ties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to Hermitage Street, Gardens, Artu

-the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprie- <j£}f £"*" ^ref%P%mi^tou St?et' ?obn \

tors of Ten Acres, Three Roods, and Twenty-two Hill, Artichoke Hill, and

Wapping

Street*.

Perches, of Field Land, and who are also entitled to Ten Cattle Gates and Three Quarters, confiding of Seventeen Acres and Two Perches, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands within the said Township intended to be inclosed, amount to Six Hundred and Thirty-nine Acres, Two Roods, and One Perch* and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing and amending several " Acts, for preventing Abuses in making Bricks and Tiles," might be read.

And the feme being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for preventing Abuses in making Bricks and Tiles: And that Sir Herbert Mackworth, Mr. Plumer, and Mr.

Wilmot, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

the several Lanes, Avenues, and Fafiages, leading into the said Streets and Square, and the Footway in Cmrnok Street, all in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Middlesex;and for removing and preventing all

Annoyances and Incroachments therein: And the ferns was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill was read a Second Time.

Lord George Germain presented to the House, by His Majesty’? Command,

Copy of a Treaty between His Majesty and the Margrave of Brandenburgh concluded and

signed at An/pach, the First of February 1777; and Transiatron: And also.

Copy Of an ulterior Convention between His Majesty and the Hereditary Prince of Hesse, concluded and signed at Hanau, the Tenth of February 1777; and Translation.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

The said Copies are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Translations are as followeth, viz.

Translation of a Treaty between His Majesty and the Margrave of Brandenburgh Anfpach, concluded and signed at Anfpach the ift of 1777.

Be it known to those whom it may concern. That His Majesty the King of Great Britain having thought proper to accept a Corps of Infantry of the Troops of His Most Serene Highnefe the Reigning Margrave of

to be

Way* and Means.

Treaties with the Margrave of

Anfpach.

‘If j Brandenburgh Anjpach Mid Bareuth, Xc. Resolved, That this House wilf, upon Monday £ the Servioo oi Great Britain, the High

Morning next, resolve tfdf uito Conuuktee of the Parties have given their Ordere for this

? ue vrfl2 conMer for therof the Supply granted Purpose ,*their respective Ministerss to wit. His to Mis Majesty. tannick Majesty to Colonel William Faucitt, Captain

n n j rr*» . .1 „ r ./ . in the Guards, and the Most Serene Margrave to His

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Snifter of State the Baron De Gemmingenwho, after resolve itself into a Committee of the tjje Exchange of their respective full Powers, have whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means, agreed upon the following Articles. for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. Article 1

, TT . , . The Most Serene Margrave of Brandenburgh yields

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning jqjs Majesty a Corps of Infantry of One

next, I en of the Clock. thousand Two hundred Men, which shall consist in Two

Regiments, with One Company of Chasseurs, all pro-sessed Soldiers, according to the Lifts annexed to the present Treaty. This Corps shall be at the entire Disposal of the King of Great Britain, provided they be not sent to the East Indies.

Article 2.

The Most Serene Margrave engages to equip this: Corps completely, so that they may be ready to march Vol. 36. gn,

Treaties with the Margrave

Anfpach.

2J2

170 Martiu

A. 1777.

on the 28 th of the present Month at latest, or even sooner if it can be done. The said Corps shall pass in Review before His Britannick Majesty’s Commissary previous to their Departure.

Article 3.

Each Regiment of Infantry of this Corps shall be furnished with Two Pieces of Field Artillery, together with the Officers, Gunners, and other Men, and the Train thereto belonging.

Article 4.

The Most Serene Margrave engages to futnish the Recruits Annually necessary for this Corps, which shall be delivered to his Britannick Majesty’s Commissary, disciplined and completely equipped, at the Place of Embarkation, at such Time as His Majesty shall appoint, in pursuance of the Notice which shall be given thereof Four Months before their Departure.

Article 5.

The King’s Service and the Safety of the Troops equally requiring that the Commanding Officers and Subalterns Should be well skilled, and perfect in the Service, His Most Serene Highnefr will take due Care in the Choice of them.

Article 6.

His Most Serene Highness engages to put this Corps in the best State that shall be possible, and none shall be admitted therein, but Men fit for Campaign Service, and acknowledged as such by His Britannick Majesty’s Commissary.

Article 7.

This Corps shall be provided with Tents, and all the necessary Equipage.

Article 8.

The King grants to this Corps the ordinary and extraordinary Pay, as well as all the Advantages in Forage, Provisions, Xc. Xc. which the Royal Troops enjoy; and the Most Serene Margrave engages, that he will permit this Corps to enjoy all the Emoluments of Pay which His Britannick Majesty allows them. The lick and Wounded of the said Corps shall be taken Care of in the King’s Hospitals, and shall be treated in this respect as the Troops of His Britannick Majesty; and the Wounded, not in a Condition to serve, shall be lent to Europe into their own Country, at the King’s Expence.

Article 9.

There shall be paid to His Most Serene Highness, as Levy Money for each Foot Soldier, Thirty Crowns Banco, the Crown computed at Fifty-three Sols of Holland, and valued at Four Shillings and Nine Pence Three Farthings English Money, as well for the Infantry as for the Chafieurs and Artillery; One Half of this Levy Money shall be paid in Six Weeks after the Signature of the Treaty, and the other Half in Three Months. The Payment of this Levy Money shall be made nevertheless on Condition that Thirty Crowns Banco shall be withheld for each Soldier, who, not on account of Sickness, shall be deficient in the said Corps on the Day of their Embarkation; which Thirty

Crowns Banco shall, however, be paid as soon as the Soldiers, who were deficient, shall afterwards join their respective Corps.

Article 10.

If it should happen that any One of the Battalions or Companies of this Corps should suffer any very extraordinary Damage, whether in a Battle or Siege, or by any uncommon contagious Distemper, or by the Loss of any Transport Vessel in the Passage to,

His Britannick Majesty shall make good, in the most equitable Manner, the Loss of the Officer or Soldier, and defray the Expence of the Recruits necessary for completing the Corps which shall have sustained such extraordinary Damage.

Article 11.

The Most Serene Margrave reserves to himself the Nomination to the vacant Offices, as well as the Administration of Justice. His Britannick Majesty, moreover, will cause Orders to be given to the Commander of the Army in which this Corps shall serve, not to require from this Corps any extraordinary Sendee, or which may exceed their Proportion with the rest of the Army. This Corps shall take the Oath of Fidelity to His Britannick Majesty, without Detriment to that which they have taken to their Sovereign.

Article 12.

The Pay shall commence Seven Days before the March of this Corps of Troops; and from the Time of their being on board the Boats in order to go down The Mayn, all the Transport Charges shall be borne by

His Britannick Majesty.

Article 13.

His Britannick Majesty grants to His Most Serene Highness the Lord Margrave, while this Corps of Troops shall be in His Majesty’s Pay, an Annual Subsidy of Forty-five thousand Crowns Banco, to be computed from the Day of the Ratification of this Treaty; which Subsidy shall be continued Three Months after the Return of the said Corps into the Dominions of His Most Serene Highness: and the Troops shall enjoy the Pay to the End of the Month in which they shall be returned in the Territories of the Lord Margrave.

Article 14.

This Treaty shall be ratified by the HighContra&'ing Parties, and the Ratifications thereof shall be exchanged as soon as possible.

In Testimony whereof We, the undersigned, being furnished with the full Powers of His Majesty the King of Great Britain on the one Part, and of His Most Serene Hjghness the Lord Margrave of Brandenburgh on the other Part, have signed the present Treaty, and have caused the Seals of our Arms to be affixed thereto. 'Done at Anfpach this First Day of February

William FaucitU^^ Charles de Gemmingen.

© (0

j7 Geo. III.

273

17* Martti.

ESTABLISHMENT of the Troops of His Moil Serene Highnofs the Margrave of S(c l

which MO to enter into His Majesty’s Service.

Treaties with the Margrave of Anfpach.

GENERAL ESTABLISHMENT of One Regiment.

Staff.

1 Colonel 1 Major 1 Chaplain 1 Auditor 1 Quarter Mailer 1 Surgeon Major.

1 Drum Major a Provost and Servant

7 Total of the Staff,

Establishment of the Colonel’s Company.

1 Colonel as Captain 1 Captain Lieutenant z Firil Lieutenants z Second Lieutenants z Serjeants 1 Fourier 1 Surgeon 5 Corporals z Drums 1 Fifer

i Servant for the Tents 95 Private.

114

Establishment of the Major’s Company.

1 Major as Captain z First Lieutenants

z Second Lieutenants

2 Serjeants 1 Fourier

1 Surgebn 5 Corporals

2 Drums.

1 Fifer

1 Servant for the Tents 95 Private.

iij

Establishment of the 3 other Companies.

1 Captain

1 First Lieutenant

2 Second Lieutenants 2 Serjeants

1 FoOrier

1 Surgeon 5 Corporals

2 Drums 1 Fifer

> 1 Servant for the Tents

95 Private.

112

Voi» 36, — i A Total

' v

Treaty uith the Margrave of

Anfpadu

274 170 Martiu . 1777*

Total of the Colonel’s Company -

of the Major’s Company - 113

of the 3 other Companies 336

of the Staff - 7

Total of the ift Regiment - 57°

Total of the other Regiment - 570

Total of the Two Regiments - -1,140

One Company of ChaiTeurs,

1 Captain

j First Lieutenant

2 Second Lieutenants 2 Serjeants

1 Fourier 1 Surgeon 5 Corporals 87 ChaiTeurs 1 Servant for the Tents*

101

Artillery.

1 Lieutenant Bombardiers 30 Gunners 8 Conductors 1 Servant for the Tents.

44.

Rkcapitulation.

570 The First Regiment 570 The Second Regiment 101 The Company of Chafpeurs Artillery

1,285 Sum Total.

Transtation of the Ulterior Convention between His Majesty and the Hereditary Prince of HeJJe, concluded and signed at lianau the 10th of

1777*

His Majesty the King of Great Britain having consented that the Troops of the Mott Serene Hereditary Prince of Hcffe, now in His Service iu America, should be augmented with a Corps of ChaiTeurs, and His . Most Serene Highness, in Consequence of that perfect Gratitude, and the respectful and unlimited Attachment with which He is devoted to His Majesty, as well as through Zeal for the Intereils and Service of that Monarch, having with great Alacrity charged himself with the Care of railing and furnishing such a Corps on His Majesty'sSubfidy, His Minister Plenipotentiary Colonel 18

William Faucitt, and the Minister and actual Privy

Councillor of the Most Serene Hereditary Prince of Hesse, Frederick dfMalJbouKg, being furnished with the requisite full Powers of their respective Matters, have agreed upon the following Articles:

t.

The Most Serene Hereditary Prince of Hcjfe engages not only to form a Corps of ChaiTeurs, and to cause them to be properly armed, clothed, disciplined, and put in Readiness to march to the Place of their Defti-nation, but also to cause One Company thereof to march at the Beginning of the next Month at latest; and as His Britunnick Majesty has made known His Desire that this Corps should be extended to a greater Number than that of One Company which was ottered, His Mott Serene Highness, animated with the Desire

of

17 Geo. III.

17® Martii.

275

of conforming himself to His Majesty *s Intentions as far as it depends upon him, promises to use all his Endeavours for such Augmentation, and to increase the Number as much as polfllde: And as the Circum-ilances will not yet allow of the actual settling of the positive Number, it is agreed previOufly to prepare the annexed State, which shall constitute the Balls and ltuie for all the other Companies; of which it is hoped Four at lead may be provided, of One hundred Men each; so that the whole Corps, upon this Supposition, will amount to Four hundred and Twelve Men, the Staff included.

2.

This Corps of Chasseurs (the real Number of which f1ia.ll be fixed and settled at the Time of their March) shall be completely equipped by His Moll Serene Highness, and provided with every Thing necessary to put them in Readiness to march; and His Britannick Majesty promises to take them into His Pay from the Moment of the enliliing of each Man composing the said Corps, and to furnish every Thing necessary when they arrive at the Place of their'Dellination for the Transport of their Equipage, and likewise Provisions, Forage, Ammunition, fife. fife, for their Use, in the same Manner, and upon the same Footing, as shall be furnished to the Ildjian Chasseurs which are on the British Subsidy. And as the Strength of the said Corps cannot be ascertained till they pass in Review before the King’s Commissary, which shall be done as soon as they are complete here at if possible,

or' elsewhere, as the Circilmftance may require, it is agreed, that an exact State shall then be prepared of the Strength of the said Corps, which His Majesty shall take upon Subsidy, whatever may be their Number, without regarding whether they consist of Four Companies, of more, or JeCs, in Conformity to that State which shall be annexed to, and make make Part of, the present Treaty; the Pay, Subsidy, and Levy Money for the said Corps, Ihalfalfo be regulated according to the Number of Men of which it shall then be composed.

3-

The Pay of the Corps of Chasseurs shall be higher than that which His Majesty allows for the Infantry of Hijfe llanau now in His Service; it shall be equal to that of the //f^?a«Cliaffeurs, and consequently in the same Proportion as it was during the last War; and His Majesty promises, moreover, that every Thing already granted, or which shall be hereafter granted, for the said Ihjfian Chasseurs, shall be equally allowed to those which the Moll Serene Hereditary Prince shall furnish by virtue of the present Convention.

4-

The said Pay shall commence forthwith; but as on

the one Hand the Number Of Men is not yet entirely collected, and on the other, those actually provided already receive Pay from the Molt Serene Hereditary Priftcdi it shall be reimbursed to him from the Day of their Engagement, for all those who have entitled into the said Corps since the 19 th of last; and in like

Manner such as are deficient shall not be paid for but as they enlist therein, according to the Returns which shall be made with the utmost Exactness, duly attested and certified.

5*

This Corps shall be composed only of Chasseurs by Profession, or good Fuzileers, all well disciplined, and possessing the requisite Dexterity; and although it is impossible to fix exactly the Time in which this Corps may be entirely completed, it shall not, however, be extended farther than to the End of the Month of April next; and His Most Serene Highness promises that all possible Diligence shall be used in order to assemble them, even before that Period if it can be done, and to cause them to march without Delay for their Destination.

6.

Every Thing that has been agreed upon in the Treaty of the 5th of February in the Year 1776, with regard to the Regiment of HeJJe Hanau, which is now in His Majesty’s Service, shall extend also to this new Augmentation of a Corps of Chasseurs. The Subsidy shall be augmented in proportion from the Day of the Signature of the present Convention; and the Advantages granted by the 7th, 9th, 10th, nth, and 12th Articles of the former Treaty, shall be likewise applied to this Corps. Levy Money at Thirty Crowns Banco ;shall be paid by His Majesty for each Chasseur, the Crown to be computed at Fifty-three' Sols of One Half of which Levy Money shall be paid in One Month, and the other Half in Two Months, after the Signature of the present Convention.

7.

This Ulterior Convention shall be ratified by the High Contracting Parties, and the Ratifications thereof shall be exchanged as soon as possible.

In Testimony whereof. We, the Undersigned, being furnished with the full Powers of His Majesty the King of Great Britain on the one Part, and of His Moll Serene Highness the Hereditary Prince of HeJJe on the other, have ligned the present Convention, and have set thereto the Seals of our Arms.

Done at Hanau, the 10th «f February 1777.

(g) William Faucitt. S)F

V ST ATE of One Battalion of Chasseurs.

Staff.

Lieutenant Colonel is reckoned as Head of his Company l Adjutant 1 Auditor

1 Regimental Quarter Mailer

1 Surgeon Major

2 Armourer and his Assistant

1 Servant for the Waggon with the Military Chest Servants for the Carriages of the Companies . 1 Provost.

11

Vol. 36. lft Company,

Treaties

with the Margrave of

Anfpach.

17° Martit.

A. 1777.

i ft Company.

Treaties with the Margrave

Aofpacb*

2 Lieutenant Colonel, as Captain, and his Servant 2 Captain Lieutenant and his Servant 2 Firift Lieutenant and his Servant

2 Second Lieutenant and his Servant 1 Serjeant Major

1 Serjeant 1 Fourier 1 Mailer of Arms 6 Corporals 1 Surgeon

3 French Horns 78 Chasseurs

100 Men.

2d Company.

2 Captain and his Servant 2 First Lieutenant and his Servant

2 Second Lieutenant and his Servant 1 Serjeant Major

1 Serjeant 1 Fourier 1 Mailer of Arms 6 Corporals 1 Surgeon

3 French Horns 80 Chasseurs

s

100 Men to0 3d Company too 4th Company 100 The Colonel’s Company 12 The Staff

412 Merw

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Houfp.

Wotton’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to discharge certain Copyhold Premises in the Parish of Ilefion, in the County of , from the Uses and

Trulls thereof, declared by the , Will of Wotton, deceased; and to subject and* charge the same Copy-hold Premises, and also certain Freehold Lands lying contiguous thereto, within the said Parish, with the Payment of a perpetual Yearly Rent-Charge of Twelve Pounds to the Reverend John Gibson, CleHc, and his Successors, Vicars of the said Parish, for the Use of the Poor of the same Parish; and for settling and alluring the same Premises (0 charged in the Trustees

of Rupert Clarke, Esquire, upon the Trulls therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Howard, Mr. 'Whitworth,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by ultimate His Majesty’s Command, Foreign

Estimate of the Charge of the additional Corps of Troop* Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1777.

And the Title of the said Eliimate was read.

The laid Eliimate is as felloweth; viz.

17 Geo. III.

170 Martii.

277

ESTIMATE of tte Charge of the additional Corps of Foreign Troops in the Pay of,

pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1777.

N

Pat, See.

TOTAL.

Pay of a Regiment of Hejfian Cha(Teurs for 365 Days, from 25th December 1776 to 24th December 1777, both inclusive ....

Dedud, voted for Two Companies of the said Corps for the Year 17 77 ....

1,067

262

Difference to be made good

Levy Money for 626 ChafTeurs pied, at the Rate of 30 Banco Crowns each Man ..

D* for 170 ChafTeurs d Ch at the Rate of 45 Banco Crowns each -

Proportional Subsidy for D* for the same Time -

Total for Hejfian ChafTeurs for the Year 1777 *

Pay of a Regiment of ChafTeurs of for 318

Days from 10th February 1777 to 24th December following, both inclusive -

Levy Money for 412 Men at 30 Banco Crowns each* Proportional Subsidy for D* for the same Time -

Pay of the Troops of the Margrave of Brandenbourg Anjpach, Kc. for 307 Days, from 21st February 1777, to 24th December following, both inclusive -

Artillery toD*....

Levy Money for 1,285 Men, at 30 Banco Crowns

each.....*

Subsidy for D* at the Rate of 45,000 Banco Crowns per A/mum, for 327 Days, from ill February 1777 to 24th December following, both inclusive* -

1,241

44

Total for the Year 1777

2,502

<: £ s-27,328 19 ioi 4,321 8 lif

23,007 10 11J

4,518 18 9

*.938 4

7>i63 *7 4

36,728 xi 8$

10,113 7 i°t

2,974 2 6

8.238 *9 9

16,326 10 x{

19.495 15 1,115 8

9,276 1

7

8

xo|

9,700 16 3

39,588 2 4*

92,643 4

Deficiencies to be made good for the Year 1776; vix.

Increased Pay of One Company of Hejfian ChafTeurs for 328 Days, from ift February 1776 to 24th December following -

D* for One Company for 293 Days, from 7th March 1776 to 24th December following -

The Pay of the Additional to ChafTeurs for

14 Days, from 11 th December 1776 to 24th December following, both inclusive -

Proportional Subsidy for the above Additional for the same Time - - - .

Total

2,502

i,i77 14 6

1,052 1 — -1

882 9 11

278 12 lof

----------3,39° lS 4±

‘ I 96,°34 2

War-Office, 17th March 1777,

Barrington.

Vol. 36.

4 B

Ordered '

WcndoYcr

Inclosure.

Sutton#

6 c. Prainage.

Enfield ' Chafe I adjure.

Ajfgarth

loclofiixe*

278 \n° Mart'ti. A.tnin.

Ordered, That the fair! Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Earl Verney presented to the House, according

to Order, a Bill for confirming Exchanges of Lands and Tythes of and in the Open and Uninclosed Common Fields, within the Manor and Parish of in the County of Buckinghamand for establishing and securing certain annual Payments in lieu of Tythes: Arid the same was received 5 and read the First Time.

A Motion being made. That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Lord George Germain, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Intereil is concerned, that the House may do therein as they flia.ll tVink fit.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act

" for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and " Low Grounds, in the several Parishes of Sutton, Mepal, Witcham, Chatteris, Doddington, and a Place " called Byal Fen, in the Isle of Ely, and County of " Cambridge, and also in the Parishes of Somersham and " Pidley with Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon," so

far as the same relates to the Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the Parishes of Sutton,

Witcham, Chatteris, and a Place called Byal Fen, in the Isle of Ely, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 242 Acres 2 Roods and 26 Perches, who refilled to sign the Bill; and also the except the Proprietors of 1,219 Acres 1 Rood and 7 Perches, who declared themselves neuter; and also except the Proprietors of 567 Acres 3 Roods and 37 Perches, who could not be found; and that the Whole of the Lands and Grounds intended to be drained amounts to6,722 Acres 1 Rood and 20 Perches; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gofte through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. I

An ingrossed Bill for dividing the Chafe of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing the Chafe of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes. therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the Lord Hyde do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Lafcelleireported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for dividing and incIofing-^y/^ar^A Pasture, and Ayfgarth Moor or Common, in the Township and Parish of A}jJgarth, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the

House, of the 25th of April 17/4, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Com-‘mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 22 Acres of the ancient inclosed Land, who are entitled also to 3--j Cattle Gates, who had not signed the Bill; and that the Whole of the ancient inclosed Lands amounts to 700 Acres; and that there are 101 Cattle _

Gates; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Secohd Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest werte agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for saving the Rights of the Lord of the Manor.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Intefeft ' is wallin^fcn concerned in the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and irn- Inclosure. proving, Wallingfen, in the.East Riding of the County of York; which Bill was, upon the.24th Day of Fe- ' bruary iaft, read a Second Time, and committed;

Lord George Germain by his Majesty’s Command,-acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they thall think fit! - .

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Leeds

Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, One passed in lo

the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds,

" through Harwood, to the South West Corner of the " Inclosures of Harrowgate, and from thence, in Two " Branches (One through Ripley, over Bur age Green, a nd " the other through Knaresborough and Boroughbridge)

" to Ripon; and from thence to the First Rill of Water,

" or Watercourse, on Hutton Moor, in the County of " York; and for repairing the Sloughs or Rutts on the " said Moor and the other passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, to explain and amend the said iirft-mentioned Act, with respect to those Parts of the said Roads from through

Ripley and Ri}X)n, to the North East Corner of Hutton Moor, and from the East End of Kirby Hill Moor to the Town of Ripon aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, One passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Roads from the " Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South West " Comer of the Inclosures of Harrowgate,- and from " thence in Two Branches (One through Ripley over " Burage Great, and the other through " and Boroughbridge) to Ripon, and from thence to " the First Rill of Water, or Watercourse, on Hutton " Moor, in the County of York, and for repairing the " Sloughs or Rutts on the said Moor;" and the other

passed

17 Geo. III. 17 Martii, z 79

passed in the 29th Year of hisfifid Majesty’s Reign, to explain and amend the said first-mentioned Act, with rei'pett to those Parts of the said Roads from Harrow-gate, through Ripley and Ripon, to the North East Corner of Hutton Mooand from the Eaii End of Kirby Hill Moor, to the Town of Ripon aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Lawrence do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Kingslcy A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain &c. Commons or Waste Grounds, within the several Town-Inclosure. ships of Kingjley, Newtofl near Norley, and

Croicton, in the Parishes of and Weaverham,

in the County of Chester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crewe, Mr. Wilbrah am Bootle, kc.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, "That the Petition of William Emanuel Page, Vicar of the Vicarage or Parish Church of Frodsham, in the County of Chester, which was presented to the House upon Friday ialt, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed} and that the Petitioner be heard, by faimself or Counfci, before the said Committee, upon his Petition* if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an 111struction to the said Committee, that they do admit Couni’el to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Swinstead An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open lodofuie. &hd Common Fields, Meadow.-, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Swinjlead, and County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Swinjlead, and County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Pelham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

House; and he. read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in At the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were

Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One} and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to tfic Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Edward AJlley reported from the Committee, to j ;ttte whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Creffingham the Open and Common Fields, Heaths, Half-year Inclosure. Lands, and other Commonable Meadows, Pastures, and Grounds, within the Parish of Creffingham,

in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, re-

lative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegation's of the Bill} and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of about Six Acres of Glebe Land, who had not signed the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed confdts of 800 Acres, or thereabouts; and that, no Person appeared before /the Committee, to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them w as disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for trying Rights at Law.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks; * which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Great . Lord Brownbw Bertie presented to the House, ac-S" rton -cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing lidofiue. the Open and Common Fields, Comraou Meadows, Common Pastures and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Great Sturlon, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Marsham reported from the Committee, to whom Inclosure. the Bill for dividing and inclosing the: Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Bolton, in the County of Cumberland, wascommi tted; That the Coru-mi’tee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th. of Aped 1774, relative to BiPs of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had mined the Allegations of -the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned hud given their Conient to the BiH, to the Satisl iction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands of the Annual Ytilue of £.266, who re-used to lign the Bill; and that the whole Property in the Commons and Waste Grounds intended to be in-- closed is of the Annual Value of £,3,036. i6r. od.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to , oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had'gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed, him to report to the Vox.. 36.

Ordered, That Mr. Tudway do make the Report Compton -from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, Bishop and inclosing the Commonable Lands and Waste Inclosure, Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Compton Bishop, commonly called or known by the Name of Cross Moor, alias Charles Moor, in the County of Somerset, was committed.

- Mr. Tudway accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been . complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be , true; anti that the Parties eoncerned had given their . Conient to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Three Tenements having Right . of Common, called Old Aufters,w ho refilled to lign

the Bill; and that the whole Number of such Tenements

is 107; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill);and that the Committee had

gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments . thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and uf-tenvardsdelivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once

read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

w ’

e

HontfpiU

and

CoSngtoa

lacloiurc.

Chester

Navigation.

280 170 Martiu A. 1777.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Wastes, commonly called or known by the Names of Eastern Moore, Common, Pokes Hill, Slow Way, South Field Common,

Hill, Heath Common, Murry Commo7i,-otherwise Moor Row, Smuirl Common, Cold' Worth, Withy Common, otherwise Outer Bally, Middle Bally, Withy Wall, otherwise Inner Bally, Lott's Common, Cote Common, Salt-Worth', Primer Hill, Ring Stone's Hill, Long Pound Common, Guard Lane, Parker's Lake Common, Thom's Common, Stole's Green, and Gall Hill, lying in the Parish of Hunt/pill, in the County of and

alto Land Moor, otherwise Cote Moor, and Gold Corner, lying in or near the Parishes of HuntfpiU aforesaid, and Cojfington, in the said County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons, or Waste Lands, lying in the Parish of HuntfpiU, in the County of Somerset; and alto certain Moors, called Land Moor, otherwise Cote Moor, and Gold Comer, lying in or near the said Parish of -JpiU and Cojfington, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Tudxoay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Wilbraham Bootle reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Cojnpany of Proprietors of the Chester Canal Navigation was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with (except that no Lift of Subscribers for carrying the Works into Execution was annexed to the Petition; but that there was annexed to the Petition a Resolution of the said Company of Proprietors to raise f.6o perCent. on the original Subscribers; and also > borrow a further Sum of Money, not exceeding £.30,000, to complete the Navigation); and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act of Parliament, made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for making a navigable Cut or Canal' from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to or near " Middlewich and Nantwich, in the County of Chester f was read. And,

Mr. John Moon, being examined, said. That the Sum of /. 60,000 hath been expended in carrying on the Works directed to be done by the said Act; and that a considerable Part of the said Cut or Canal is finished; but that the Money authorized to be raised by the said Act is not sufficient to complete the same. Then, *

Mr. Thomas Morris,-a. Surveyor, being examined, feid. That it is proposed to vary the Line of Part of the Cut or Canal directed to be made by the said Act, agreeable to the Plan annexed to the Petition; and that he has taken Surveys and Levels of the proposed Variation, and thinks it practicable to make the said Cut or Caned: And he added. That, by making the said Cut or Canal in the Line proposed, will lave an Expence to the Company of Proprietors of upwards of £.7,000. And,

Mr. James Tomkinson said, That fjveral other Alterations and Amendments are wanting to be made to the f lid Act, to enable the said Company to complete and maintain the said Navigation.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill 18

for varying and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a navigable Cut or Canal from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to or near Middlewichdnd Nantwich, in the County of

Chester: And that Mr. Wilbraham Bootle and Mr. Grojbenor do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to enable William Dutton, Esquire, his First and other Sons, and their Issue Male, to take, use, and bear, the Name and Arms of Naper, pursuant to the Will of James Lennox Dutton, Esquire, deceased; and for making the Exemplification of the Will and Codicil of the said James Lennox Dutton, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. well. Sir William Guise, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pallures, and Common Downs, in the Parishes of Shirebome and , in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. well, Mr. Howard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Marjliam reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Wastes, within the Manor of Egremont, in the County of Cumberland, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates to the Amount of £. 25 per Annum, who were not applied to, and the Owners of such Estates to the Amount of £. 8 per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Estates having Right of Common are of the Annual Value of £.768; and also, except the Owner of One Burgage Right, who could not be met with, and the Owner of Half a one, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Num* ber of such Tenures is 122; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upop the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amend* ment to One of tlicm, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed. That the Journeymen Stuff and Felt Hatinakers, of the Town, of under Line, in the County of Stafford, who petitioned this House upon Friday last, praying to be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against the Bill to regulate the Prices of Labour, the Hours of Working, and the taking of Apprentices, in the Hat Manufactory, and which Petition was then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, declined being heard by their Counsel upon the Second Reading of the said Bill.

Ordered,

0

Dutton*

Name.

Shirebontf

and

Windrush

Inclosure*

Egremont

Inclosure.

Hattcir;

regulating the Trade;

17 Guo. III.

170 Martii,

281

Ordered, That the Order, made upon Friday last, for hearing the said Petitioners, by themselves or Coun-fel, upon the Second Reading of the said Bill, be discharged.

Then the said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir

Mawbey, Sir George Ilay, &e.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved. That the said Petition of the Journeymen Stuff and Felt Hatmakers of the Town of Naccajlleunder Line, in the County of Staf-

ford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Hattero A Petition of the several Journeymen Hat or Felt regularity Makers resident in and about the City of London, whose the Trade. \’ames are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That, if the same should be passed into a Law, in the State in which it now Hands, the Petitioners will be greatly affected and prejudiced thereby: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Agents, or Council, against the said Bill, and that they may have such further Relief as to the House shall feeni meet.

Ditto, A Petition of the several Malters and Journeymen Hat and Felt Makers, of the d owns of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, and la Zouch,

in the County of Leicester, and of the Villages of -ington and Coletoh, in the said County of whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, was all’o presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bdl; and Setting forth. That there are many Parts in the said Bill, which, if |>affect into a Law, will greatly affect and injure the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Agents, or Counsel, against the said Bill, before the Committee to whom the same shall be committed, and that they may have such further Relief as to the House shall feeni meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think lit. -Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, fn Favour of the said Bill, against the said several Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Gloucester SirCVnV Wray reported from the Committee appoint-iketion. ed to try the Merits of the Petition of the Honourable George Cranfield Berkeley; and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freeholders and Electors of the County of for and on Behalf of themselves, and all other Freeholders of the same County, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County; That the said Committee having-met on Saturday Morning last, at 'l’en of the Clock, pursuant to their Adjournment on Friday last; and John Clevland, Ef-<juire, (One of the Members of the said Select Committee) not having attended; the Committee then adjourned till Ten of the Clock this Morning.

And Sir Cecil Wray further acquainted the House, That the said Committee having met this Morning, at Ten of the Clock, pursuant to the said Adjournment; and John Clevland, Esquire, being then present, the said Committee proceeded to the further hearing of the . Matter to them referred.

And Mr. Clevland, in his Place, informed the House, That the Reason for his absenting himself from his Duty VoL. 36.

on the said Committee on Saturday last, was an Mness, which entirely prevented him from attending.

The Substance of what Mr. Clevland now offered to the House as an Excuse was taken down in Writing.

And the same being verified by him, upon Oath, at the Table;

Ordered, That the Excuse now alledged by Mr. Clevlandyfor his not attending on Saturday last on the said Select Committee, be allowed.

A Bill to allow the Master Dyers and Callico Dyers, &c., Printers, within the Counties of Mi regulating rey, and Kent, to employ Journeymen, in-their ref-' the Trade* peftive Trades, who have not served Apprenticelliips thereto, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Alderman Harley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for limiting the Exemptions from Toll (grant- Cattle;

ed by any Act or Acts of Parliament for repairing Turnpike Roads) on account of Cattle going to and om from Water or Pasture, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Knight,

Sir Herbert Mackworth, &c.: And they are to meet ‘ this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Annuitkt, further Consideration the Report from the Committee' of the whole House, to whom the Bill to restrain the raising of Money by the Sale of Annuities for the Life of the Grantor, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Promissory Reading of the Bill for further restraining the Negotia- Notes, && tion of Promissory Notes, and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 26th Day of this Instant,

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Workingtoa whom the Bill for amending, enlarging, deepening. Harbour, preserving, and improving, the Harbour of Working-ton, in the County of Cumberland, and for discharging certain Debts already contracted on Account of the said Harbour, was committed, be received upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 25th Day of this Instant March.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, Halifax and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in and Behalf of themselves and others, refuting in and near Sheffield the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented t o the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for repairing and widening the Road

4 C from

B&schurch,

tcc.

Inclosure*

Waffingfen »*lo lure*

2$ 2 17 MartiLA. 1777*

from die Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Sheffield, in the same Riding;. and Setting forth, That a Tmall Part of one Branch of the said Road from Halifax to Huddersfield lies between the Town of Halifax and the Wharfs and Quays of the ‘Colder and Hebble Navigation, nearest to the Town of Halifax ;and that this Part between the said Navigation and Halifax is already made so as not to admit of any considerable Improvement which may lower the Price of Carriage of Goods thereon, and is dry fondy Ground, with Materials at Hand, and can* not be very expenliue to maintain in Repair; and that the other Part of the Road from the said Navigation to Huddersfield will require not only to be made new, but to be diverted, and the Land for that Purpose to be purchased for the moil Part; and that, if a Bar should be fixed upon any Parts of the said Road between the said Wharfs and Quays, and the Town of Halifax, and Money levied there to be laid out on other more expensive Parts of the intended Road, it would be an additional Burden upon the Carriage of Goods between the said Navigation and the Town and Neighbourhood of , without any

Advantage to counterbalance such Burden, and may totally prevent Lime and Coal from coming that Way, to the great Lois and Detriment of the Petitioners, and, as they apprehend, veiy unreasonably, since a large Part of the Tolls arising between Halifax and Huddersfield must be levied upon the Trade carried on at Halifax, without placing a Bar so as to intercept their Communication with the Navigation, and such Bar would be the more injurious to the Petitioners, as a considerable Part of the Distance betw'een them and the said Navigation will still remain to be maintained at the Expence of the Town of Halif, being within the Pre-

cincts of the said Town: And therefore praying. That a Clause may be inserted in the said Bill, to restrain any Turnpike or Toll Bar from being erected upon any Part of the said Road betwixt the said Navigation and the Town of Halifax i or to grant such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Pulleneypresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Manors of BaJchurch, Horsley, Stanwardine in the Wood,

Lullingfield, and Stanwardine in the Fields, in the County of Salop: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Winchcombe Hartley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving WaUingfen, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves and other interested Persons; and also the Petition of Ann Walford (foleOwner of the Great

Tythes, and of the Tythes of Wool and Lamb, within the Parish of South Cave, in the East Riding of the County of York) were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 93 Common Rights on the said Fen, who refused to sign the Bill, and also except the Proprietors of 11 Common Rights, who could not be met with; and that the whole Number of Common Rights upon the said Fen is 858) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and

*1

made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments wereOnce read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing Mrs. Walford to try her Riglrts at Law.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bo ingrossed.

Mr. Powys reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Naffington, Yarwell, Apethorpe, and Woodnewton, within the Prebend or Peculiar of Naffing-ton, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Reverend James D. D. who

is Prebendary of the Prebend of with the

Members of Yarwell, Apethorpe, and Woodnewton, and' in Right of his Prebend is Lord of the Prebendal Manor of Najing ton, and is also seised of the perpetual Advowson and Right of Patronage in and to the Vicarage or Parish Church of Naffington aforesaid, with the Churches or Chapels of YarwelApethorpe, and -newton, thereto belonging, and which laid James Ibbetson, or his Lessee or Lessees, are seised of, or entitled to, divers great and small Tythes yearly arising, growing, or renewing, within the Parish, Townships, or Villages of Naffington, Yarwell, and Woodnewton afore-

laid; and also to 172 Acres, 3 Roods, and 24 Perches, in the said Open and Common Fields; and also except the Proprietors of 17 Acres and 27 Perches, who are also entitled to Cottage Commons, who refused to lign the Bill; and also except Richard Elkins, Proprietor of 5 Acres, 2 Roods, and 36 Perches, who was applied to by Letter, but returned no Answer; and also except Elizabeth Brown, entitled to One Cottage Common, who being insane, could not sign the Bill; and that the whole Property in the said Common and Open Fields coniifts of 3,745 Acres and 14 Perches, or thereabouts, and there are 154 Cottage Commons) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed tq by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for giving an Allotment to Dr. Ibbetjbn, for his Waste a a Lord of the Prebendal Manor.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Reverend. James Doctor

in Divinity, Prebendary of the Prebend of Naffington, founded in the Cathedral Church of Lincoln, and the peculiar Jurisdiction of the same and its Members-,

Yarwell,

Naffington

&c.

Inclosure*

Ditto*

t7Gfio-IIL \*f Maf*

Yarwell, Apethorpe, and Woodnfrvlon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner, apprehending his Rights and Property would be materially affected by the said Bill, did* upon the general Grounds of no Consent of the Bishop, the Pre* bendary, and his Lessee, present a Petition for Relief j and that the Petitioner declined being heard upon his said Petition, at the Second Reading of the said Bill* hoping such Alterations would be made, by the Committee who should be appointed to consider it, as should remove any Objections thereto; but lie now finds, that the said Bill Hill contains several Provisions and Powers, whercbv, as he is well assured, he and his Successors in the said Prebend will be greatly injured: And there* fore praying. That he may be heard, by himself or his ' Counsel, against the said Bill* and that tike same may not pass into a Ijiw.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third Time? and that the Petitioner be then heard by himself or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then tngrOffed.

fermbnrcwsh A Bill for dividing the Open and Common Fields, ladofure. Common Meadows, Common Paths res. Downs, Commons, and other Commonable Lands, within the Pa-rrfh of Farmboroagh, in the County of , was read

a Second Time.

Refelved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. eombe Hartley, Mr. Ehoes, And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of tire Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A it hall Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the

" , Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening. Road. an(l keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Ajlhall, in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road, at or near Buckland, in the County of Berks, is committed.

Hoxtrtn Mr. Alderman Hayley presented to thellonfe, ac~ AaSr* cording to Order, a Bill for inclosing and embellishing m<ot' the middle Part of Iloxton Square, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of and for extinguishing all Right of Common in and upon the said Square: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Bejolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term, and continuing the Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from a Place called The Golden Farmer, near Bagshot, in the County of Surrey, to Hertfordbridge Hill, in the County of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

Be/blved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term, and continuing the Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from a Place called The Golden Farmer, near Bagshot, in the County of Surrey, to Hertfordbridge Hill, in the County of

Southampton.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Paulet St. John do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Prefrr*ati°D \ p*,j| rest rain Apprentices, Tradesmen, and other

u, unqualified Persons, from destroying the Game, in that Part of G re at Brit am called Scotland; and for granting

VOL. 36.

to Proprietors of Lands in Scotland, further Powers with regard to killing of Game* was read a Second Time.

Bejolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir GeorgC s Sultie, Mr. CosmoGordon, kc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker'*

Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting* and metofing, the firiuhptott several Moors, Commons* and Waste Grounds, lying In«tofuto» within the Manor and Parish of Brampton, in the 0 County of Cumberlandj was read a Second Time.

Be/olved, That the Bill be committed to Storer, Mr. Howard, kc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon* at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing* allotting* and indtafing, the (e* ftrlatd vend Moors* Commons* and Waste Grounds, lying hwtofiw* within the Manor and Parish of Farlam, in the County of Cumberland* was read a Second Time.

Bejolved, That the BHl be committed to Mn Storer, Mr. Howard, kc.: And they are to pneet this Afternoon, at Five Of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Petition of (several Persons, vHiofe Names are tiyeft* kc.; thereunto written, being Mailers in the Trade or Mystery of Dying, and Journeymen, who have served "* ^r*d*4 a regular Apprentice#) ip to the said Trade or Mystery* was presented to the House, and read $ Setting forth.

That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented, for Leave to allow the Matter Dyers, within the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, , and Kent, to employ Journeymen in their respective Trades, who have not served Apprenticeships thereto j and that such of the Petitioners who are Journeymen* and have served regular Apprenticeships according to the Statutes now in Force, have always been willing to work at their said Trade at the usual Wages* and have hitherto supported themselves and Families thereby j but in case the Mailer Dyers shall be permitted to em« ploy Persons who have never served any Apprentice*

ship, and are ignorant of the Business in which they are employed, such Journeymen and their Families will be reduced to the greatest Distress, and the said Art or Mystery will greatly suffer in the Hands of unskilful Persons, to the great Detriment of a very valuable Branch of Trade and Manufacture of this Country:

And therefore praying the House to take the State of the Trade, and the Petitioners Cafe, into their moll serious Consideration, and permit the Petitioners to be heard, at the Bar of the House, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, or grant them such other Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill to allow the Mailer Dyers and Callico Printers, within the Counties of Middlesex,

Essex, Surrey, and Kent, to employ Journeymen in their respcCHve Trades, who have not served Apprenticeships thereto, is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are tJewipgton thereunto subscribed, being respe&i vely Inhabitants and (Sjunisy)

Owners of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Township of Saint Maiy Nezoington, in the County of Surrey, and also Inhabitants and Owners of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within Three Furlong9 from the North End of the Garden in Thomas Brandon's Possession, hereafter mentioned, was presented to the House, and read* Taking Notice of the Rill for lighting

Monmouth

Roidc.

Brown's Debt to the Crown.

284 17° Martii. A: 1777-

ing and watching the Turnpike Road leading from them to the Crown, on several Tobacco Bonds entered The Stones End next Blackman Street, in the Parish of into and executed by such Sureties respectively; and Saint Mary Newington, in the County of Surrey, to the that they and their Estates and Effects may be ac- Bridge at Walworth, in the same Parish, and the several quitted and discharged therefrom, was read a Second Roads, Ways, and Places, therein described, communi- Time.

eating the rewith; and Setting forth. That it is proposed Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

by the said Bill, that certain Trustees should be im- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

powered to caafe the Turnpike Road next Blackman of the whole House. *

Street, to the Bridge at Walworth aforesaid, to be proper- Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow

ly lighted and watched; and also the Length of Thirty Sevennight, the 25th Day of this Iullant March, resolve Yards from the Side of the said Turnpike Road, within itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the any of the Roads, Ways, and Places, on the East Side said Bill, thereof, between the said Pavement and Prospect Row,

and likewise the said Place called Projped Row; and also Mr. Edward Foley reported from the Committee, to the Length of Three Furlongs from the Side of the said whom the Bill for the more easy and l'peedy Recovery s Turnpike Road, within any of the Roads, Ways, and of small Debts, within the Parish of Old Swinford, in ma Places on tire Ealt Side thereof, between Prof peel Roto the Counties of Worcester and Stafford, was committed; and the said Bridge at Walworth; and also the Length of That the Committee had examined the Allegations of Thirty Yards from the Side of the said Turnpike Road, the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the within any of the Roads, Ways, and Places, on the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Well Side thereof, between the Place where the Turn- Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to pike now {lands at Nezvington, and a Piece of Garden report to the House; and he read the Report in his Ground, on the Well Side of the said Turnpike Road Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the within the said Parish, in the Occupation of Thomas Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Brandon; and also the Length of Three Furlongs from Amendments were Oncd read throughout; and then a the Side of the said Turnpike Road, within any of the Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Roads, Ways, and Places, betw’een the North End of the severally put thereupon, were agreed to, by the House. said Garden Ground and the said Bridge at Walworth, Ordered, That the- Bill, with the Amendments, be whereon, or adjoining where to, there are, or shall be, ingrossed. any Houses or other Buildings erected; and that, in case

the said Bill should pass into a Law, it will greatly af- Mr. Abel Smith reported from the Committee, to

fe& and prejudice the Petitioners, and other the Inhabi- whom the Report was recommitted, which was made G|enn

tantsandOwners ofMeffuages, Lands, and Tenements, from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Navigation within the said Township of Newington, and the said Merchants, Tradesmen, and others, interested in the Three Furlongs from the North End of the said Garden Improvement of the Navigation of the Rivers Welland Ground in the Possession of the said Thomas Brandon, and G/e7in, in the County of Lfwcu/rt, and of several Owners by extending the Power of the said Trustees to certain of Lands and Estates, within the Parishes of Surfleet, Al~

Roads, Ways, and Places, in the said Township, and garkirk,a Belralfof themselves, and others, within the said Three Furlongs, which are now, and was referred; That the Committee had further examin-have been for several Years, properly lighted and ed, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of watched, at the Expence of the Petitioners and other the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, the Inhabitants aforesaid: And therefore praying the had been complied with; (except that no Lift of Owners House, that they may be heard by themselves, or their and Occupiers of Land, through which the Cut is Agents, or Counsel, either at the Bar, or at a Commit- proposed to be made, is annexed to the Petition; but tee thereof, against such Part of the said Bill which the that it appeared to the Committee, that the said Cut is Petitioners conceive to be prejudicial to them, and only to be made over certain Open Maffh Lands, and other the Inhabitants aforesaid. shifting bare White Sands of no Value) and that the

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee had directed him to report the fame, as it Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Reis committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by port in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as their Petition, if they think lit. followeth; viz.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. mittee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at Thomas Hogard, being examined, said, That the River the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the Welland has of late Years been silted up in many Parts, said Petition. and the Navigation thereof greatly obstructed. And

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the the Witness said. That if the River Welland, between Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed. Spalding High Bridge and a Salt Marsh adjoining to

Surfleet Common, was properl vdeaufed and deepened,

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an and the River Glenn, from a Place called Dove Hum,

Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of to the Junction of the said River with the said River King George the Second, for repairing and widening Welland, was kept cleanled and deepened, where nc-the several Roads therein mentioned, leading to, ceflary; and if a new Navigable Cut was made from through, and from the Town of Monmouth, was read the South End of the said Salt Marsh to or near Fosdike a Second Time. Inn, in the said County, and a Sea Sluice or Lock Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mor- made at the Ealt End of the said Cut, to prevent the gan, Mr. Van, &c.: And they are to meet this Af- River Welland being again silted up, the same would ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s be of great Public Utility. And the Witness further Chamber. said, That the Passage over the Wadi at Fosdike is very

dangerous; and that if a Bridge was built over the iu-A Bill to enable the Commissioners for executing the tended Cut, at the Soa Sluice or Lock, it would prevent Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the many Accidents to Passengers and Cattle, and would.

Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to make an be a great Convenience and Bene fit to all Persons hav-Agreement, or Composition, with the several Sureties ing Occasion to pass over the said Walh; but that it of William Broion, and the Representatives of such of the will require a considerable Sum of Money to be raised, said Sureties as are dead, for a Debt remaining due from to make and complete the several Works aforesaid. '

And

Lumber.

Supply.

Ways and Meant.

Uvff

Comptoa

to

Atminster

Roads.

17 Geo. III. 17 — 18° Martii. 285

And being further examined, the Witness said. That when the Banks of the said intended Cut are raised and made, a certain Tract of white Sand near the fame, from which no Person at present receives any Advantage, will be raised, and thereby become capable of Cultivation; and that the Salt Marsh through which the said Cut is proposed to be made, and various other Lands in the Parish of Surjleety and several neighbouring Parishes, will be thereby considerably improved: And he added, That by making the said intended Cut, such Part of the said Salt Marsh as lies on the Ealt Side thereof will be separated from the other P;irt of the said Salt Marsh, and by being so separated will become of very little Value to the Persons having Right of Common thereon. — That the Witness added, That if the said Tract of white Sand was veiled in proper Persons, and the Profits arising therefrom applied, together with a final 1 Toll to be received for the Cattle and Carriages, towards building the said Bridge, anti rendering the Passage over the said Walh safe, it w ould be of great Benefit to all Persons who have Occasion to pals the same with their Cattle and Carriages.

Mr. 11 entry Bennett, being examined, confirmed the

whole of the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That I^eave be given to bring in a Bill for scouring and clcanling the Rivers WeU.anda.nA Glenn, in the County of Lincoln; and for making a Navigable Cut, from the South-Well End of a Salt Marsh, adjoining to Surfleet Common, to or near Fosdike Inn, in the same County; and for building a Bridge over the Ealt End of the said Cut, and for rendering the Passage over the Walh at Fosdike aforesaid safe and commodious; and that Mr. Abel Smith, Sir Sampson Gideon, and Mr. Wilmot, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of allow'ing Lumber to be carried in British Ships to the U'<yt India Islands, for a Time to be limited, be received upon Friday Three Weeks, the nth Day of next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, rcl’olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the W'hole 1 Ioufe, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy 180 die Martii;

Anno 17* Georgii III'" Regis, 1777. Prayers.

SIR George Yonyereported from the Committee to,

whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Gcorthe Second, for repairing and widening the Hoad from The House,

in the l'arish of Ix>:cer Comin the County of

DorJ'el, through the d owns of I < Creiekem and Chard, to tin; Ealt End of the d own of Aiminster, in the County of Devon, and several other Roads round the l oa n of Yeovil, in the County of Somerset; and for amending 1 wo Ruuds leading from Hollow, in

Yol.

the Parish of Yeovil, and the Road from Chard to Cheefway Ash, and from White Down to Perry Street, in Chard, and from thence to the Turnpike Road near Tytherleigh Inn, in the said County of Dorset, was committed; Fhat the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, u]>on the Queliion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Parish of Old ford, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Parish of Old in the

Counties of Worcester and Stafford.

Ordered, That Sir Harbord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing, assigning and allotting, the Open and Common Field, and Commonable Land, lying within the Field, Liberties, Territories, and Precincts, of in the Coun-

ty of Buckingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for dividing, inclosing, assigning, and allotting, the Open and Common Field, and Commonable Land, lying within the Liberties, Territories, and Precincts, of Ludgershall, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Page do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Compton Bif tocommonly called or known by the Name of Civfs Moor, alias Charles , in the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Compton Bi/liop, commonly called or known by the Name of Cross Moor, alias Charles Moor, in the County of Somerset

Ordered, That Mr. Tudway do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands " and Low Grounds, in the several Parishes of " Sutton, Mepal, Witch am, Chatteris, and

" a Place called Byal Fen, in the Isle of County of Cambridge, and also in the Parishes of " and Pidley with Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon," so far as the same relates to the Fen Lands and Lovy Grounds lying in the Parishes of Sutton,

Wi'chain, Chatteris, and a Place called Fen,

in (lie Isle of Ely, was read the Third Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Titls be, An Act for amending and rendering more effectual An Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and " Low Grounds, in the several Parishes of Sutton,

4 D Mepal,

Old Swinford Small Debt%

Lndgerlhall

Inclosure.

Comptoa

Bishop

Inclosure*

Sutton, fcc. Drainage.

a8 6 18* Martii. 1777.

" Menal, Witcham, Chatte, , and a Place

" called ib/w/ /Vtf, in the Isle of Ely, and County of " Cambridge, and also in the Parishes of " and Pidh'yxvithFenton, in the County of Huntingdon,"

so far as the same relates to the Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the Par ilhes of Sutton, Me pal, Witcham, Chatteris, and a Place called ByalFcn, in the Isle of Ely.

Ordered, That Sir John Hynde Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords, anddefire their Concurrence.

WintWp* An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. Fields, Meadows, and Grounds, in the Parish of Winthorpe, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Grounds, in the Parish of Winthorpe, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Sir James Pennyman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Gate (head, A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from

Gateshead, in the County of Durham, to The Church 05 ' Lane, near Ryton Lane Head, and from The Bar Moor to the Hexham Turnpike Road, near Dilfion Bar, in the County of Northumberl and also the Road from Mickley Bank to Lead Hill, or Silver and for making a Road cross certain Grounds belonging to Crazier Surtees, Esquire, in the Parish of Ryton, in the County of Durham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Ord, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Howtell A Bill for dividing and inclosing a Common, or Inclosure. ^loor, called Hozvlell alias Houfdon, in the

Parish of Kirknezcton, in the County oiNorthumberland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Ord, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bumtiflind Ordered, That Mr. Wemyfs do cany to the Lords *^WSeo*nn*e* *nSr°flctl Bill for continuing Two Acts, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale, vended or sold within the Town of Burntisland and Liberties thereof, for increasing the Public Revenue of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Corfton A Bill for dividing and i ncl ofin g Co rfton Wood, other -ludofure. wife Corvcton Wood or Common, within the Manor of Corfton, otherwise Corveton, and Parish of Diddlcbury, in the County of Salop; and for making a Boundary or Ring Fence against certain Common or Waste Grounds^ in the Manor of Corpham, within the same Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. bert, Mr. Ord, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at 'Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Candklby Lord Brmonlmv Bertie prefeuted to the House, ac-

Inclosure. cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Opeu Common Fields, Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Candkjbxf, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

16

An ingrossed Bill to restrain the raising of Money Annuities, by the Sale of Annuities for the Life of the Grantor, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to restrain the raising of Money by the Sale of Life Annuities.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the- Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Combe presented to the House, according to Preservatk»» Order, a Bill for the better securing and preserving the Dock Yards, Magazines, Ships, Vessels, Stores, 00 ard*’ Warehouses, Goods, and Merchandizes, being the Property of private Persons, within the Kingdom of Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Knight reported from the Committee, to whom Cattle; the Bill for limiting the Exemptions from Toll (granted Exempdoa by any Act or Acts of Parliament for repairing Turn- omTo pike Roads) on account of Cattle going to and from Water or Pasture, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the-Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. James Grenville reported from the Committee, Buckingham to whom the Bill for building a new Church within the Chu*«ht Town and Parish of Buckingham, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Right honourable the pari of V erney, in the Kingdom of Ireland; and also the Petition of the several Perl’ons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Inhabitants of the Town of Buckingham, on Behalf of themselves and others; and also the Petition of sundry the Inhabitants of the Town of Buckingham, were severally referred; That the Committee Mad eonlidered the said Petitions; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, wrere, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert reported frorp the Committee, to whom Whittington the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Inclosure. "Waste Lands, within the Manor of Whittington, in the County of Salop, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Persons, Owners of Lands and Estates, within the Manor of Whittington, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had eonlidered the said Petition; and had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of

Eliates

17 Geo. III.

18° Martii.

287

Estates of the Yearly Value of £.909. 5$. 6d. who Turnpike Road; and also the Petition of the several refused to sign the Bill; and also the Owners of Estates Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being of the Yearly Value of £.720. 7 s.6d. who declared acting Trustees under an Act of Parliament, made and themselves neuter in respect thereto; and that the passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Yearly Value of the Estates belonging to Persons hav- Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act

ing Right of Common on the Lands intended to be inclosed amounts to £.5,863. 14s.); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report jto the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question

for repairing and widening the Roads from Chappel Barr, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Nezc haven, and from The Four Lane Ends near Oakerthorpe to Ashbourne, and from The Cross Post on W irkfworthMoor, to join the Road leading from Chesterfield to Chappel-e at or near

Longs ton, in the County of Derby, and from Selston to AnnejleyWoodhouse, in the County of Nottingham ;" and also the Mortgagees of the Tolls arising

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Houseand to be taken upon the Road leading from Notting-

Bedford

Level

Drainage-

Stanton

St. John Inclosure.

and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of The Great Level of the Fens, and of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners of Free Imids within the Middle and South Levels, Part of the said Great Level, was referred, be received upon Friday Morning next.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons and Commonable Lands within the X^anor and Parish of Stanton Saint John, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Page, Mr. Skipicith,&c.: And they are to meet this After-

ham to Neichaven, being the First District of the aforesaid Turnpike Roads, which were presented to the House upon the 4th and 7th Days of this Instant March, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly; .

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River 7 rent, in the Lordships of Sawley and Long Eaton, in the County of Derby, to or near Langley Bridge, in the Counties of Derby and is conunitted.

A Petition of the Piece Master Hat or Felt Makers, Piece Master Hat or Felt Finilhers, and Journeymen Hat or Felt Makers, residing iu and about- the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, that the Master Hatters residing in and about the Town of Manchester have got Leave to bring in a Bill for the better regulating of

Grimstone’s

EtUui.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled lftates of Robert Grimdon, Efrpiire, at Thiving, and Oclon, in the Parish of Thiving u/xmthe fVoulds, in the East Riding of the County of York, in the said Robert Griwston, in Fee

Simple; and for settling an Estate of the said Robert

Grimston, in the Township of Nejivick, in the Parish of

Bainlon, in the said East Riding of the County of York, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James Penny man, Mr. LaJceU.es, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s dertliat the Piece Master and Journeymen Hatters may

Earl

Stoke

Inclosure.

Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadow, Stinted Pasture, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Earl Stoke, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Howard, Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sawley The House was moved. That the Petition of the Navigation, several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being acting Trustees under an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of

Hatters; . regulating their Trade.

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham- Journeymen Hatters, ami for the regulating of their

ber. Wages, and have inserted a Clause therein to repeal

the Act of the Eight’ll of Elizabeth, which enacts, " That no Maker or Worker of Hats shall take or receive any Apprentice contrary to the true Meaning of " this Act; that is to say, above Two Apprentices at " one Time, nor those for any less Time than Seven " Years at the least, on Pain to fuller, for every Apprentice to be taken or received against the Form of " this Act, One Month’s Imprisonment in the Common " Gaol, without Bail or Mainprize; and that every taking or receiving of any Apprentice contrary to this " Act shall be void; and also such Person so taking or " receiving shall be from thenceforth disabled to have " any more Apprentices than One at one Time," in or-

take above Two Apprentices at one Time; and representing to the House, that the Journeymen Hat or Felt Makers are so numerous, that, unless the said Trade is hi a very flourishing Condition, many Hundreds are, and often have been, obliged to go to any other Employment they could meet with, and which has many Times been the Cause of their travelling up and down the Kingdom in search of Employ; and that the said Master I Iatters, at different Times, when the Trade has been flack, and many Hands out of Employ, have Hopped, out of a great/ many of the Pe- ’ titioners Wages, several Hundred Pounds for pretended Faults in the Goods they have made for them j but that, when the said Trade has been in a flourishing Condition, they have not made the same Abatements;

His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, and that the Petitioners have much less Wages for their

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from " Bramcote Odd Hoitje, in the County of Nottingham,

" to The Cross Pojt upon Smalley Common, in the " County of Derby, and from Ilkijtone to the Towns of " Heanor and Shipley, in the said County of Derby, " and from Trozcell, in the County of , to

the Town of Nottingham;" and also the Mortgagees of the Tolls arising and to be taken upon the said Vol. 36.

Work than their Predecessors have had, notwithstanding all the necessaries of Life are double to what they usually were: And therefore praying, That the House will not pass the above-mentioned Bill into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, or Agents, against such Parts of the same as they shall see lit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration

88 i8 9 Martii.^.1777.

Consideration of the Com nittee, to whom the Bill to regulate the Prices of Labour, the Hours of Working, and the taking of Apprentices, in the Hat Manufactory, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Iniirudion to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

KiHamarfli A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Indolure. Fields, Arable Lands, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Caiendish, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Print*; A Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual Encouraging Two Acts of Parliament, One made in the Eighth Year , tnhfrArtn„ °* Reign of his late Majesty, and the other in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Encouragement of the Arts of designing, engraving, and etching, Historical and other Prints; and for making further Provision to secure the Property of Prints to the Inventors and Engravers thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gre-ville, Sir Edward AJlley, c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Silk A Bill for further continuing an Act, passed in the Manufacture- Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Importation of foreign " wrought Silks and Velvets, for a limited Time, and " for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen " employed in the Silk Manufacture," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 26th Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Farmboroogh A Petition of the Reverend Ralph Price, Clerk, Jsclosure. Patron of the Rectory and Parish Church of Farm-borough, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for dividing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, Commons, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Farmborough, in the County of Berks;and setting forth, That the Petitioner apprehends, there are Provisions in the said Bill, which will be of very great Prejudice to his Rights and Interests, and also to the Rector of the said Parish, if the same flioutd pass into a Law as it now Hands: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as appear to be prejudicial to him, and that he may have such Relief therein as to the House shall appear just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instrudiontothe said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of tk ,* said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields Wolford and Commonable Places, of and within the Parish of inclosure» Welford, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ley, Mr. Powys, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Halifei, whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering &c-and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending, the Roads from the Town of Halifax, and from Sowerby Bridge, in the County of York, by Todmorden, to Bum-ley and Littleboroug in th e County of Lancaster, was re-committed, with respect to the Amendment which was on Friday last postponed; That the Committee had made several Amendments to the said Amendment; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.'

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Chestet to enable His Majesty to license a Theatre in the City Theaire. of Chester; without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act London for continuing, for a limited Time, an Act, made in C°offi the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, ce* to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, sold by Wharf Measure, within the City of I^ondon, and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of sex, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Halifax, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, . ifn ht^ within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, m Binglejj, GuiJ'eley, Calverley, Bailey, llartijhead cum Clifton, Almondbury, Kirk-

burton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Courts Baron of the Honour of Pontefrafd, Manor of Wakefield, and Manor of Bingley, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Salialh for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, Roads, of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Cornicalland Devon, leading to the Borough of Saltash, in the County of without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town Ja of Skipton, to the Turnpike Road leading from Leeds to Ripon, near Okbeck, in the Township of Bilton with Harrogate, and from thence to communicate with the Road leading from Knaresborough to Wether by, in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Broughton’* Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Sir Thomas Brough-' ton. Baronet, situate in the County of Utaford; and

purchasing.

Sheriff’s

Charity.

Bir.ah white's Di voice.

Archbishop

of

Canterbury's

Leafing.

Barnsley

Jadofure*

Bheriff*

Charily.

Con&cote

Inclosure.

Crookhilli

Ac.

Hoads.

ry Geo. III. i8° — 21° Martiu -289

purchasing other Ffiates, situate in the County of Chester, to be settled to the same Uses; and for extin-gu idling the said Sir Thomas Broughton's Power of making Leases for Lives, as to Part of his settled Estate in the County of Chester, and making such Recompence to Jiim for the same as therein is mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

- The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Feoffees and Trustees of an Ellate, in the County of Middlesex, given by Lawrence Sheriff, for the founding and maintaining a School and Aims Houses at Rugby, in the County of Warwick, to fell

Part of the said Ellate, or to grant Leases thereof, or of any Part thereof, and to effectuate the other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to diflblvc the Marriage of John Braithwaite, Esquire, with Elizabeth Browne, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Archbishop of Canterbury, and Daniel Ponton, Esquire, to grant Building Leases, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, several Commons, Moors, or Waste Grounds, and Open Common Fields, in the Township of Barnsley, within the Parish of Silkjton, in the County of was read a

Second Time.

llefolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Feofl’ees and Trustees of an Ellate, in the County of Middlesex, given by Lawrence Sheriff, for the founding and maintaining a School and Alms Houses at Rugby in the County of Warwick, to fell Part of the said Ellate, or to grant Leases thereof, or of any Part thereof, and to effectuate the other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

to Waddon House; the Road leading from the intended Turnpike, at or near a certain Place called Cross, to Langton Church j and the Road leading from Portefiam aforesaid, over Littlebredy, Blagdown, and Steepelton Cozvleafe to the Turnpike Roads in Winter-borne Steepleton, in the said County of Dorset, are in a ruinous Condition, inconvenient for Carriages, and in many Places narrow and dangerous to Travellers; and that the same cannot be sufficiently repaired, and kept in Repair, by the present Methods provided by Law.

Mr. IJ'aac Sparks confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping iu Repair, the Road leading from in the

Parish of Chickrell, in the County of Dorset t to the Borough of Bridport, in the said County, is committed; that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for amending, widening, and keeping iu Repair, the Road from Rodden Common, leading to W,addon House, in the Parish of Portejand from Langton Cross to Langton Church, and from Portefiam to Win-terbome Steepleton, in the said County of Dorset.

Ordered,'That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and rendering more effectual the several Laws now in being, for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fuf-tian. Cotton, Iron, Leather, Furr, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures; and also for making Provisions to prevent Frauds by Journeymen Dyers: And that Sir Harbord liarbord, Mr. Bacon, Sir Edward Ajlley, and Mr. Coke of Norfolk, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Venerity 21* die Martii \

Anno 17* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1777.

Hat, tec.

M..iuifa£lures)

prevent! og Frauds.

Committee st

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Condicole, in the County of Glouccjier, was read a Second d ime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Barrow, Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Darner reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the County of Dorset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report iu his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Robert Lambert, being, examined, said, That the Road leadingfrora Rodden Common, in the Parish-of Portesham,

through Cheese Lane, to the Gate at the Water leading

Y01,. 36.

Prayers.

SIR Harbord Harbord presented to the House, ac- Hat, &c.

cording to Order, a Bill for amending and ren- Manufactures 5 dering more effectual the several Laws now in being, for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leather,

Furr, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures; and also for making Provisions to prevent Frauds by Journeymen Dyers: And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Suttie reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to restrain Apprentices, Tradesmen, and other unqualified Persons, from dellroying the Game, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland } and for granting to Proprietors of Lands in Scotland further Powers with regard to killing of Game, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout i and then a Secoiu^Time, One by One; and, 4 E upon

Prefer vat ion of Game; Scotland,

by

﻿Halifax,

&c.

Roads.

Wallin a fen Jndoiurc.

Lower

Compton

to

Axminster

Roads.

Whittloeton

lnciomre.

ai* Martii. ^.1777.

upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the lhlrty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending, the Roads from the Tdwn of , and

from Sowerby Bridge, in the County of , by Tod-

morden, to Burnley and Littleborough, in the County of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and eiilarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending, the Roads from the Town of and

from Soicerby Bridge, in the County of York, by morden, to Burrdey and Littleborough, in the County of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving Wallingfen, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, Wallingfen, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, Hi at Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from The Halfway House, in the Parish of Lower Compton, in the County of Dorset, through the Towns of Yeovil, Crewkerne, and Chard, to the East End of the Town of in the County of Devon, and several other Roads round ♦he Town of Yeovil, in the County of Somerset; and for amending Two Roads leading from Vagg Hollow, in the Parish of Yeovil, and the Road from Chard to Cheeseivay AJli, and from White Doion to Perry Street in Chard, and from thence to the Turnpike Road near Tylherleigh Inn, in the said County of Dorset, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that tire Title be. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from The Halfway House, in the Parish of Lower Compton, in the County of Dorset, through the Towns, of Yeovil, Creiokeme, and Chard, to the East End of the Town of Axminster, in the County of Devon, and several other Roads round the Town of Yeovil, in the County of Somerset; and for amending Two Roads leading from Vagg Hollow, in the Parish of Yeovil, and the Road from Chard to CheeJ'civay Ash, and from White Dozen to in Chard, and from thence to the Turnpike Road near Tylherleigh Inn, in the said County of Dorset.

Ordered, That Mr. Combe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Waste Lands, within the Manor of Whittington, in the County of Salop, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Wnfte Lands, within the Manor of ,in

the County of Salop.

18 - v

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Wilbraham Bootle presented to the House, ac- Chester cording to Order, a Bill for varying and enlarging the Navigation. Powers of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Dec, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to or near Middlezvich and Nantwich, in the County of Chester:And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Polhill reported from the Committee, to whom Tibfhetf the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving, certain- *nclofur*’ Commons, Lands, and Grounds, in the Township of Tibjhelf, in the County of Derby, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; ‘

which they had directed him to report to tire l louse; and he read the Report in his Place; ami afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One‘by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,' were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bo ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for limiting the Exemptions from Cattle; Toll (granted by any Act or Acts of Parliament for repairing Turnpike Roads) on account of Cattle going rom 0 to and from Water or Pasture, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for limiting the Exemptions from Toll (granted by any Act, or Acts of Parliament for repairing Turnpike Roads) on account of Cattle going to and from Water or Pasture.

Ordered, That Mr. Knight do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Little closing, the Open and Common Fields, Heaths, Half- Creffingham Year Lands, and other Commonable Meadows, Paf- Inclosure tures, and Grounds, within the Parish of Creffingham, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time:

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Heaths, Half-Year Lands, and other Commonable Meadows, Pali tires, and Grounds, within the Parish of Lillie in

the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir Edward AJlley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do make the Report from’ Bourrtxt the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and in-' Inclosure. doling tire Open and Common Field and Commonable Lands, lying within the Townships and Liberties of Great Bourdon and Little Bourlon, in the Pari fit of

Cropredy, in the County of Oxford, was committed.

Air. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Com--mittee. That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and thaL the Committee had examined

the

Crdokhill*

Stc.

Roads.

Kensington Poor, 5cc.

Cclvill

ludofuie.

Warping

Sciccts.

r.

17 Geo. III. ai* Martii. 29t

the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Person, who is Proprietor of One Yard Land and Three Quarters, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed eontitts of 57 Yard Lands and Three Quarters, and some odd Lands; and that no Person appeared before the Commitce to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to he reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally pot thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Bond reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Crook kill, in the Parish of Ckickrell, in the County of to the Borough of

Bridport, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House., Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Alderman Wilkes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Relief, Employment, Regulation, and Government, of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mury Abbolts, Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, and for building a Workhouse for the Reception of the said Poor; and also for enabling the Trustees for the Time being of certain Charity Estates, belonging to the said Parish, to grant Leases thereof, and to manage and improve the lame, and apply the Rents and Profits thereof, in the Manner therein mentioned; and for explaining and amending an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to impower " the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and " Vestry, of the Parish of Kensington, in the County " of Middlesex, to make a Rate or Rates, for the Relief of the Poor, and the better Repairing of the " Highways, and cleansing the Streets, within the said " Parish:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Befulied, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Hynde Cotton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-doling, the Open and Common Fields, Commonable I.ands, Cow Paliure, or Shrub, Town Green, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of

WestonColville, in the County of Cambridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Jlefolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for opening Communications from Street to Ratcliff Highway, hj- widening the South-West End of Bird St? eel, and by building a new Street from Bird Street, across certain Fields or Gardens, to

John's Hill, in Ratcliff Higlncay aforesaid; andanother new Street from Wapping Street aforeftud, through Vol. 36.

Globe Yard, Sampforis Gardens, and from thence to Artichoke Hill, in Ratcliff Highway aforesaid; and another new Street, from Old Gravel Lane, through John-Jon's Street, and from thence to Virginia Street; and for paving the said intended Streets, and also Hermitage Street, Sampson's Gardens, Artichoke Lane, Virginia Street, Pennington Street, John's Artichoke Hill, Bird Street, Princes Square, and the several-Lanes, Avenues, and Passages, leading into the said Streets and Square, and the Footway in Cannon Street, all in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Middlesex; and for removing and preventing all Annoyances and Incroachments therein, was read a Second Time. *

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Wilkes, Mr. Alderman Hayley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Owners of Houses and Lands, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Middlesex, w as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is depending in the House, for building certain Streets therein mentioned, and for paving certain Streets and other Places, in the said Parish of Saint George; and that it is proposed, by

the Owners and Proprietors of several Lands and Grounds, to.build Two Streets to lead from Virginia Street, to Old Gravel Lane; and that it will be necessary that Provision should be made in the said Bill for paving the said Streets, together with Hermitage Yard, Round-about Way, Green Bank, Broad Street, Anchor

and Hope Alley, Milk Alley, and the several Lanes and Passages leading into the fame, which are at present very ill-paved, and rendered incommodious by Polls and other Annoyances and Incroachments: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Wilkes, Mr. Byng, Stc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for inclosing and embellishing the Middle Part of Hoxlon Square, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex; and for extinguishing all Right of Common, in and upon the said Square, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Hayley, Mr. Alderman Wilkes, And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Richard Sutton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the further advancing the Cul: tivation. Improvement, and Regulation, of the Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, and Commons of Pasture, in this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ’olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr . Pelhampresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Dales, and Common Fen, within the Parish of Billinghay, in the County of Lincoln; and for draining and preserving the said Dales and Common Fen, and also certain inclosed Low Lands thereto adjoining, in the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Wapping

Screen.

Hoxton-

Square

Assessment.

Cultivation

of

Common

Fields.

BQlinghay

inclosure.

Yinford Bridfi to

Banbuty

{Uuds.

Whilton,

Ice.

lndofurt*

Bafehureb, Sec. laciofint

Wendover,

confirming

Exchanges.

Bronghton'i

ESafe.

292

ai* Martii.

A. 1777.

Ordered, That Mr. Rooe Teo do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term, and altering the Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his Mte Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from The Cross of Hand near Finford Bridge, in the County of Warwick, through the Town of *' Southam, in the same County, to the Borough of " Banbury, in the County of Oxfordand from The " Guide Toft, in the Village of in the fame

County j through Kidlington, to the Mile Way leading " towards the City of Oxford; and also the Road leading from a Place called The Tico Mile Tree, u near the City of Oxford, over otherwise

" Gojfard Bridge, to a certain Gate entering upon Weflon on the Green, in the said County;" so far as relates to that Part of the said Roads which leads from The Guide Post in the Village of Adderbury, through Kidlington, to the Mile Way leading towards the City of Oxford: was committed.

Mr. Rooe Yeo accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, w'ere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Knightley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the several Parishes and Liberties of Whilton, Norton, and Brockhall, or in some or one of them, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Commons, or Waile Grounds, within the Manors of Baf-church, Horsley, Stanwardine in the Wood, Lullingfeld, and Stanwardine in the Fields, in the County of Salop, was read a.Second Time.

Rtfolved/TtaX the Bill be committed to Mr. teney, Mr. Knight, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for confirming Exchanges of Lands and Tythes of and in the Open and Uninclosed Common Fields, within the Manor and Parish of Wendover, in the County of Buckingham;and for establishing and

securing certain Annual Payments in lieu of Tythes, was read a Second Time.

Refoboed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burke, the Earl Verney, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Fiye of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Sir Thomas Broughton, Baronet, litnate in the County of Stafford; 'and purchasing other Estates, situate in the County of Chester, to be settled to the same Uses; and for extin-guifping the said Sir Thomas Brough Urn’s Power of making Leases for Lives, as to Part of his settled Estate in the County of Chester, and making such Recompence

to him for the same as therein is mentioned, was xead the First Time.

Refotved, That the Bill be read a, Second Time.

Lord Edward Bentinck presented to the House, ac- BJeafby cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing " olu,* the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Bleajby, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Edward Bentinck presented to the House, ac- Hal am

cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing ,.*nd

the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste in^ofure. Grounds, within the Parishes of Halam and Eding-ley, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Pelham presented to the House, according to Smfleet Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Iodofine. Fen, Common Marsh, Common Fields, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Surfleet, in the County of Lincoln.: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Fletcher reported from the Committee, to whom -Carletom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and *c-Waste Grounds within the Townships, Villages, or "closure. Hamlets, of Carleton, Brifco, and within the

Manor or Lordship of Bolchardgate, otherwise Prior Lordship, in the Parishes of Saint Cuthbert and

Saint Mary Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied w'ith; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the-Committee (except Four Persons, the Purveys of whose Estates amount to Ten Pence Farthing, who have not signed the Bill, but said they would not oppose the fame; and also except three Pdrfons, the Purveys of whose Estates amount to Two Pence, who could not be met with; and that the Purveys of the Estates of the several Persons who have signed the Bill amount to Thirteen Shillings and Six Pence Farthing; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill);and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had direefed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments; in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing Ayfearth Ayfgarth Pasture and Ayfgarth Moor or Common, in the Town- In ur*'

ship and Parish of Ayfgarth, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing Ayfgarth Pasture and Ayfgarth Moor or Common, in the Tow'nship and Parish of Ayfgarth, in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. fafcelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Art BraithwaW* to difiolve the Marriage of John Braithwaite, Esquire, Divare*. with Elizabeth Browne, his now Wife; and to enable

bin}

4

i7 Geo. III. ai

293

him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Firit Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sr Tam«’» Mr. Penton reported from the Committee, to whom CJerkenwell* the Petition of the Commissioners for paving, lighting. Paving. and watching, that Part of the Parish of

called Saint James's, and of other the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act, made in the 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, repairing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within that Part of the Parish of called Saint James's, and removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; for widening the Passage from Clerkenwell Green to the Parish Church; and for watching and lighting certain Highways within the said Parish, was read; And,

Mr. Abraham Rhodes, being examined, said. That the Commissioners appointed by the said Act have proceeded in the Execution thereof, but that many Doubts have arisen upon several of the Clauses in the said Act, whereby much Litigation and Expence is likely to ensue thereon; and that the Hates authorized to be raised by the said Ati, are inadequate for the Purposes thereby intended.

And he produced to your Committee an Account of the Annual Amount of Money received and expended by the Commissioners in the Execution of the said Act, whereby it appeared that the Sum of £.1,187 had been received, and £. 1,661 had been expended in one Year.

And the Witness further said, That if the Commissioners were impowered to cleanse the Streets and repair the Highways included in the said Act, it would be of great Benefit to the said Parish; and also that it would be of great Utility to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, if the Way or Passage leading from Clerkenwell Close to Rofoman Street, was widened, by taking down a (mail House and Sheds in the Occupations of John and John Newman, and laying the Ground belonging-thereto into the said Passage; and if the Footway leading from Rofomay Street to John's Street, was

widened, and a Carriage Way made there.

And the Witness added, that it would be very beneficial to the Inhabitants if a Chapel was built near Pen-ton Street; the said Parish being very extensive, and many Parts of it, by reason of the great Increase of Buildings, lie at a great Distance from the Parish Church.

Mr. John Thorpe and Mr. John Severn, Churchwardens of the said Parish, confirmed the Evidence’ of Mr. Rhodes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to explain and amend an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, 4‘ An Act for paving, repairing, lighting, and watching, " the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, " within that Part of the Parish of Clerkenwell, called " Saint James's, and removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; for widening the Passage from Clerkenwell Green to the Parish Church; and for " watching and lighting certain Highways within the " said Parish;" for repairing the Highways in the said Parish, and cleansing the said Part of the said Parish; for widening the Passage from Clerkenwell Close ta Rofoman Street, and from Rofoman Street to Saint John Street; and for building a Chapel in the said Parish: And that Mr. Penton and Mr. Thomas -Jkend do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Vol. 36.

Mr. George Onslow presented to the House, according General

to Order, a Bill for repealing so much of An Act, made in the 13th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, in- Breadth of tituled, " An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into Wheels. " One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in " being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that.

" Part of Great Britain called England, and for other " Purposes," as is to subject Carriages having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches to the Payment of Double Tolls: And the same was received; and read the First Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time, upon this Day Three Weeks, the nth Day of April next.

Mr. Hungerford presented to the House, according GHmortoa to Order, a Bill for inclosing the Open and Common Inclosure. Fields and Commonable Grounds within the Parish of Gilmorton, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, a"d Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Money remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of January 1777, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the-Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, of the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, after satisfyingall the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. *

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whilzoorth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Kesolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to-receive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply^ to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Copy of a Convention, between His Majesty and the Landgrave of Hesse Cajjel, signed at Cassel, nth December, 1776? and Translation, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty between His Majesty, and the Margrave of Brandenburgh Anfpach, concluded and signed at Anfpach, the ill of February 1777; and Translation, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of an ulterior Convention between His Majesty and the Hereditary Prince of Hesse, concluded and signed at. Hanau, the 10th of February 1777; and Translation, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the additional Corps of Foreign Trctops in the Pay of Great

4 F Britain,

294 2i° Marfti. ^.1777.

Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1777,-be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir. Charles Whitworth took jthe Chair of tjje Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee* That they had come to several Kesolutions; which p they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning netft.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that tliev may have Leave to fit again.

Bcfolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confuler further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Returns The House was moved. That an Act, made in re^pcaing the loft Session of Parliament, intituled, " Act Act the Poor. " for obliging the Overfqers of the Poor, within the several Parishes and Places within that Part of Great Britain called England to make Returns, upon Oath*. " to certain Questions specified in the Act, relative to " the State of their Poor; and to authorize and require the Juliices of the Peace, within their respective Divisions and Jurisdictions, in the several Counties and Cities in England and , to take such " Returns, upon Oath, and to cause them to be transmitted to the Clerk of the Parliaments," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That a Committee be appoinied, to iufpeft and consider the Returns made by the Overseers of the Poor in pursuance of the said Act; and to report their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Combe, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Tlitme* Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Saiobridge do make Navigation, the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, to purchase the present Tolls and Du-' tics payable for navigating upon the River Thames, Westward of London Bridge, within the Liberties of the City of London; and for laying a small Toll, in lieu thereof, for the Purpose of more effectually completing the said Navigation, was committed.

Mr. Alderman Sawbridge accordingly reported from the said Committee, That tl»e Committee had conli-dcred the Petition of several of the Barge-masters and other Persons concerned in the Navigation of the River Thames, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of theuaielves and others concerned in the said Navigation, to them referred; and hud examined the Allegations of the^ Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Committee hail gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to, the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the ^lerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were dilugreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

A Clause w as offered to be added to the Bill, for regulating Towing Paths on each Side of the River, Belonging to His Majesty and the Earl of

ffe.

And the said Clause wrps Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing Ilorfcs to betifed between re and mond.

And the said Clause was Tw ice read, and, upon the ' Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

And a Motion being made, That the said Bill, with the Amendments,.be ingrossed. 1

Lord George Germain, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in gr oiled.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Egreawnt Commons and Waites, within the Manor of , Ifldofure.

in the County of Cumberland, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed' Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for inclosing with a Ring Fence? the Allotment made to the Rector or Vicar of any other Parish.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank, which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder. '

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 55. 1. 17. To leave out from "thereof" to " except" in 1. 19.

Pr. 71. 1. 29. To leave out " Five" and insert " Seven" instead thereof.

1. 31. To leave out "Five" and insert " Seven" inllcad thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question! severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing* and inclosing, certain Commons and Wastes, within the Mano/of Egremont, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Marfiam do carry the Bill to the'

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Bolton Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of inclosure, Bolton, in the County of Cumberland, was read the Third Time. *

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,- by way of Ryder, that nothing therein contained shall affect the Rights of Sir James Lowther and Hamel Fifier, and for. determining their Differences by Arbitration.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank, which being filled up, the said Clause was read the'

Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: Apd that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Bolton, in the County of Cumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. Marfiam do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire, their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several'. w-igthorp* Open Fields and Stinted Failures, within the Township Inclosure. of Buglhorpe, in the County of York: and for exempt-.

ngi

17 Geo. III.

21

MartU.

*95

Boynton

loclofurr.

Lmgley

lodoture.

Bak

and

Dolgelky

loads.

Eecminster

JUads.

Shirland

Inclosure.

Kiraingtm

Inclosure.

Stretton

Inclosure.

Enfield

Chafe.

Compton hi (hop Inclosure.

ing the Lands, Tenements, and Frontsteads, within the Parish of Bugthorpe, from the Payment of Tythes and

jgjthfx Ecclesiastical Dues, and for other Purposes therein oobtained, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 35, L 17. After " of" to insert " His Grace the Archbilliop of York and " of."

1. 21. To leave out testified under their " Common Seal."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed toby the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Stinted Pastures, within the Townlliip of Bugthorpe, in the County of York, and for exempting the Lands, Tenements, and Frontsteads, within the Parish of Bugthorpe, from the Payment of Tythes and other Ecclesiastical Dues, and for other Purposes therein contained.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and alloting the several Open and Common Fields, Failures, and other uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of Boynton, in the East Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called Lees Fell, otherwise Morralee, and Struther's Common, and Hagbank, within the Barony or Manor of Langley, and in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumbe without any

Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and from the Towns of Bala and Dolgellcy, in the County of Merioneth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery, Denbigh, and Salop; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty-second Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the several Roads therein, mentioned, leading into the Town of Leominster, in the County of Hereford; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Shirland, in the County of Derby; without any Amendment: 'And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Parish of other-

wife Kirmington, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Stretton, in the Parishes of Northwmgfield and Morton, in the County of Derby; without any Amendment: And aHo,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing the Chafe of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes therein mentioned $ without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Comp-Vou36*

Swlndcad

Inclosure.

Duntilborn A aborts Iaclofurq.

Sinith’t E dates.

Lord Speacei'l Ettaten.

ion Bishop, comtnonjy called or known by the Name of Cross Moor, alias Charles Moor, in the County of Somerset; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadow's, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lauds and Grounds, in the Parish of Szoinjlead, and County of Lincoln; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields,

Common Pastures, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Duntijborne Abbotts, in the County o (Gloucester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Asjheton Smith, Esquire, and William Henry Asjheton Smith, his Brother, to grant Building, Improving, and other Leases of the Estates devised by the Will of William Smith, Esquire, deceased; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in the Right honourable Robert Spencer, commonly called Lord Robert Spencer, and the Moll noble George Duke of Marlborough, one of the Knights Com-

?anions of the Moll noble Order of the Garter, and the leirs and Assigns of the said Duke of Marlborough, the settled Estates of the said Lord Robert Spencer, situate in the County of Lincoln; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable William Kilborn, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of Burrozves, pursuant to the Will of John Burrowes, deceased; to W'hich the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the undivided Moiety, of the Reverend Henry Osman, Clerk, and Mary his Wife, of and in certain-Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of King's Langley, in the County of Hertford, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying Part of the Money arising by such Sale in Discharge of an Incumbrance upon the said Moiety; and for laying out the Residue thereof in the Purchase of entire Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Barnewall Curfon, Esquire, to settle a Jointure upon any Woman or Women he may hereafter marry; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

Arid then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A to enable Thomas Asjheton Smith, Esquire, and William Henry Asjheton Smith, his Brother, to grant Building, Improving’, and other Leases of the Estates, devised by the Will of William Smith, Esquire, deceased, was read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Curfon’* to enable John Barnewall Curfon, Esquire, to settle a ’ Marriage Jointure upon any Woman or Women- lie may here- ettcmen*< after marry, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Kilborn'*

Will*

Osman’*

Estates.

Curfon'*

Marriage

Settlement'

Stnith’*

EfUtc*.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act forvelling the undivided Moiety, of the Reverend/fewry. Osman, Clerk, and Mary his Wife, of and in certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of ley, in the County of Hertford, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying Part of the Money arising by such. Sale in Discharge of an Incumbrance upon the said

Moiety j

Osman'*

Estates*

Kilbo file's

WUL

Bedford

Level

Drainage.

296 110 MartiL . 1777-

Moiety; and for laying out the Residue thereof in the Purchase of entire Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, Mas read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Kilbom, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of B pursuant to the Will of John Burrowes, deefeased, was read the First

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. '

Sir John Ilynde Cotton, according to Order, reported

from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Go-venor. Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, and of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners of Free Lands M-ithin the Middle and South Levels, Part of the said Great Level, was referred; That the Committee had examined whether the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Drainage and Navigation Bills, had been complied with, with respect to the said Petition; and found that proper Notices had been given, agreeable to One of the said Standing Orders; and that the Plan and Estimates, directed by the other of the said Stand-in Orders to be annexed to the Petition, when presented to the House, had been delivered in to the Committee, signed by the Person by whom the same were made, on the Sixth Day of their Sitting; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report, the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow-cth; viz.

Mr. Thomas Hogarddelivered in to your Committee,

n. b. the Efti- Estimates* of the Expence of executing

w^beirf^conwlred Works proposed to be done, which in’Two Wto,a'are, were not annexed to the Petition; but pitn^pre^rvedcalled for, were produced on the mbogft the other Pa- Sixth Day of the Sitting of the Commit-per» of thu seiftoo. tee, and are annexed to the Report, together with the Plan for the fame; but no other Consent of the Owners or Occupiers of Free Lands appears to have been obtained in Writing, or was annexed to the Petition, except from that Part of them who have ligned the Petition: And,

Your Committee proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition: To prove the Allegations whereof, an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for settling the Draining , of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level: And also.

An Act, pafl*ed in the Twentieth Year of the same Reign, for the taxing and assessing of the Lands of the Adventurers within the Great Level of the Fens: And also,

A T.aw of Sewers, made at a Session of Sewers, held on the 13th Day of January, in the Sixth Year of King Charles the First, at Norfolk:

And also,

A pretended Act of Parliament, made at Westminster in the Year 1649, for the draining of the Great Level of the Fens: And also,

- An Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for discharging the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, from a Debt due to the Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln, and for enabling the Proprietors of Lands in the North Level, Part of the said Great Level, to raise Money to dil’charge the Proportion of the said North Level in the Debts of the said Corporation, and for ascertaining and 14

appropriating the Taxes to be laid on the said North Level, and for the more effectual draining and pre~ serving the North Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of CrowlaAnd also. An Exemplification of the St. Ives Law of Sewers* made at St. Ives in the Thirteenth Year of King Charles the Firll; were read: From which it appeared, That the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, which contains upwards of Three hundred thousand Acres, was, for Ages, overflowed and drowned by the Rain and Spring Waters falling on and issuing out of the Counties of Northampton, Norfolk, Suffolk, Lincoln, Cambridge, and Huntingdon, and Part of Buckingham, Hertford, and E/fe.r,together with the Downfall on the

Plain itself, which have their Course through the said Level to the Outfalls into the Sea at Lynn and Wijbich, so as to render the same of little Value, till Francis Earl of Bedford, in the Sixth Year of King Charles the First, after many fruitless Attempts made by others, undertook to drain the fame; for which the said Earl, and others concerned with him, styling themselves Ad* venturers, were to receive from the Proprietors 95,000 Acres, being nearly One Third of the Whole; of which

95.000 Acres, when drained, 55,000 were to be adjudged to the said Earl and his Adventurers, and the remaining 40,000 were to remain as a Fund, from the Annual Profits of which the Works of Drainage were to be supported: That the said Earl and his Adventurers made such a Progress in draining the fame, at a very great Expence, that the greatest Part of the said

95.000 Acres was divided amongst him and his Adventurers, and their Assigns; and 40,000 Acres, Part of the said 95,000, were set out and specifically allotted for the Maintenance of the Works.

And it further appeared. That by Means of some Interruption the Works fell to Decay, and the Benefit intended to the Public was in great measure prevented, in consequence of which the Son of the said Francis, William Earl of Bedford, applied to the Parliament then fitting at Westminster, who passed an Act, setting forth the great Advantages that would accrue to the Public; and to Individuals, by completely draining the said Level, and giving such Powers to the said Earl and his Participants, as were necessary for the Purpose of completing and continuing the said Work, on the Plan of the Law of Sewers, made at King’s Lynn, in the Sixth Year of King Chathe First, excepting that instead of 40,000 Acres being specifically allotted for the Maintenance of the Works, the whole 95,000 Mere subjected to a Tax for that Purpose: That from, the Time the Land in the said Great Level was adjudged to the Adventurers, the said 95,000 Acres liable to a perpetual Tax for draining, have been known by the Name of Adventure Land, and the Remainder, being double that Quantity, and not liable to be taxed for the general Works of Draiuing, have been called Free Lands.

And it further appeared. That none of tl»e Acts of Parliament nor Laws of Sewers abovementioned, laid any Tax or Toll on the Navigation through the said Great Level, for any Damage done to the Great River Banks, or other Works, by haling thereon, by which Means the Navigation is chiefly carried on; and that both The Adventure Lands and The Free Lands, ly ing intermixed, are equally liable to be overflowed.

And it further appeared. That by the said Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of King Charles the Second, and the said Act of 1649, That William Earl of Bedford, Son and Heir of Earl Francis, with divers of his Adventurers and Participants, had proceeded in* finishing the said Works, but that the same could not be preserved without constant Care, great Charge, and orderly Government, for which Reason . they were incorporated, by the Name of The Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, and./were to have Suc-

/ ceflioft-

17 Geo. III. 21 Mar tit.497

cession for ever: That they were enabled to lay and contracted or borrowed by the said Corporation for or ?edfor4 recover Taxes on the 95,000 Acres, for the Support, on Account of the said Middle and South or

Maintenance, and Preservation, of the said Great Le- either of them; and that the said Middle and South vel, and the Works of Drainage erected and to be Levels, or either of them, or the Revenues thereof* erected, and were also enabled to exercise the Authority should not be liable to the Payment of any Debt in* of Commissioners of Sewers within the said Level, and curred by the said Corporation, for or upon Account over the Works made or to be made without the of the said North Level: And,

fame, for conveying the Waters thereof by convenient Mr. Thomas an Engineer, being examined*

Outfalls to the Sea; and that the said Corporation was said, That the Rain and Spring Waters out of Part of thereby impowered, from Time to Time, to erect any the Counties of Northampton, Norfolk, Suffolk, Lincoln, new Works within the said Great Level, or without the Cambridge, Huntingdon, Buckingham, Hertford, and said Great Level, for conveying the Waters of the Essex, have their Course, by natural Rivers, to the Sea same by convenient Outfalls to the Sea, so always that at Lynn and WUbich, through The Bedford Level. if they cut any Several Grounds they should give full Mr. John wing, being examined* laid, That the Recompence and Satisfaction for the fame, in such Adventure Lands and the Free Lands are equally" Manner as therein after is provided. And it is further liable to be overflowed: And,

provided by the said Act of the Fifteenth of Charles the Charles Nalfon Cole, Esquire, Register to The Bedford

Second, That nothing should be done by the Draining Level Corporation, informed your Committee, That aforesaid, and the future Maintenance of the said Great since the passing of the Act of the 15th Year of King Level, to the Prejudice of Navigation, under certain Charles the Second, above £.500,000 have been ex* Restrictions and rowers granted to Commissioners as pended on the Three Levels, by the said Corporation; specified in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Sec- and that a single Tax produces about £.4,000 actions of the said Act. Year.

And it further appeared by the said Act of the Your Committee then examined Mr. John Brown, Twentieth Year of the same Reign, That 83,000 Acres, who informed them. That the last Tax, which was one Part of the said 95,000, were, from Time to Time, whole Tax and an Half, was laid on the Adventure to be taxed by a gradual Acre Tax of different Sorts Lands within the Middle and South Levels, for and Values of Lands; and that, in order for an equal £.6,628. 7 s.-, but he could not say how much it pro* Taxation by such gradual Acre Tax, certain Persons duced: That the Corporation are not limited in regard in the said Act named were appointed Surveyors and to Taxation; that the Taxes on the Adventurers Valuers of the said 83,000 Acres, with Directions to Lands have been so high, as to induce the Proprietors digest the same into Sorts and Degrees, not under the of near One Sixth Part of the Whole to abandon their Number of Seven, and to rate and tax such Degrees, Property rather than pay the same; that in the Year and digest the same into Schedules in Writing, and 1750 upwards of 4,000 Acres were so abandoned, and make Returns thereof upon Oath into the Fen Office; upwards of 8,000 thrown up before, were vested in the and that 12,000 Acres, Residue of the said 95,000, Corporation, and in 1763 upwards of 10,000 Acres which had been designed and intended for his Majesty were in the invested Roll, and put up by the Corpora-King Charles the First, and had been allotted and set tionto be let for a Year; that in 1763 the Tax was forth by Boundaries, in Severalty, were to be rated laid for £.5,523. 12 and was One whole Tax and taxed by a Medium of the Tax at which the said and an Half; that the 10,00.0 Acres were not put up

83.000 Acres were taxed: That, in pursuance of the in One Lot; that the invelied Lands are let by public

said Act, the said 8|*oooo Acres were valued and set Auction at each April, and for One Year only; that no out into Eleven Degrees of Land, and rated accord- Lands are ever vested in the Corporation, when they ingly, the Valuations of which were returned into the will pay the Taxes on them; and that when they are Fen Office, and the original Return was produced to so invested, the Corporation cannot fell them without your Committee: That since the making of the said the Aid of Parliament: That he has heard from One Valuation and Return, the said 83*000 Acres have of the Members of the Bedford Level Corporation, and always been taxed by a gradual Acre Tax, according has good Reason to believe, that there win be a greater to the Degrees and Proportions thereby set out and Number of Acres thrown up at the next April Meeting allotted, and the said 12,000 Acres at a Medium of than ever was known. — And being asked, Whether kthe such Tax. Corporation had contrafted any Debts on Account of

And it further appeared. That the said Corporation, the Middle and South he said, They had*

at a Court, held the 10th Day of March 1697, de- amounting to £.38,000, besides expending the Taxes; dared, that the said Great Level should be distinguished that the said Debt has been ever since the Commence-by the several Names of The North Level, Middle Level, ment in contracting, and is over and above several and South Level, and that all that Part of the said Sums given up to the Corporation.

95.000 Acres that lies on the North Side of Morton's Mr. Cole being asked. Whether the Corporation,

Leame, and South Side of Welland's River, should be by letting and felling Invested Lands* had reimbursed

accounted that Part of the 95,000 Aeres lying within themselves the Sums laid tllereon in Taxes? said. They The North Levels and all that Part of the said 95,000 had not, and that he did not know the Number of Acres that lies on the North Side of Old Bedford River, Acres at present vested in the Corporation for Non* and the South Side of Morton's Leame, was that Part payment of the Taxes.

of the said 95,000 Acres belonging to The'Middle Mr. Thomas Hogard, being further examined, said.

Level; and that all that Part of the said 95,000 Acres That by Improvements, in Agriculture the Downfall is that lies on the South Side of Old Bedford River, was communicated to the several Brooks and Rivers, and that Part of the said 95,000 Acres belonging to' The by-the Amendments of the Roads great Quantities of South Level. ' Water are conveyed through the Level to the Sea. —

And it appeared by the said Act of the Twenty- And being asked. Whether that additional Water from seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the Se- the upland Country, would not increase the Stream, cond, That the said North level, and the Revenues and deepen the Rivers? he said, lt: would, if the thereof, were freed and discharged from all Debts Banks were kept up, but that, if they are broke down, then owing by the said Corporation, except the Sum the adjacent Country would be overflowed, of £. 1,800, for the railing of which Provision was In order to shew the State of the Navigation of the . thereby made; and that the said North Level, and the several Rivers running through the said Level;

Revenues thereof, should not be liable to the Payment Mr. James Golbeme^ras examined; who gave your of any Debts which should at any Time thereafter be Committee an Account, that between the 4th

Vol. 36. 4G 1776

Bedford

Level

Drainage.

298 2i° Martii.

1776 and the 3d of February 1777, there had parted on the Hundred Foot River2,692 Boats and Lighters, carrying together 24,564 Tons of Goods, and that altogether 1,265 pretty large Horses had parted dong the Banks, employed in Haling the fame; that in the feme Time there had parted t hrough Denver's , on the Ouze, 7,070 Boats and Lighters, conveying 54,582 Tons of Goods, and Haled by 3,694 Horses j and on the Nene and Old Bedford in the fame

Time, 4,101 Boats and Lighters, conveying 32,239 Tons of Goods, and Haled by 2,059 Horses: That there had parted Standground , on the Nene,

from the 16th of May 1776 to the 2d of February *777> 3*617 Boats and Lighters, conveying 23,503 Tons of Goods, and Haled by 1,611 Horses. — And being asked. Whether the Banks of the said Rivers are damaged by the Horses employed in Haling Vessels going upon them ? he said. They are, very greatly; that the Horses do not draw in a right Line one behind the other, but obliquely, and so cover a larger Space, and do more Damage than would be done by common Drawing; and that there is not, to his knowledge, any Compensation made to the Bedford Level Corporation for the Damage fe done.

Mr. Cole, the Register, being asked, Whether the Corporation received any Satisfaction for the Damages done by Haling on the Banks ? laid, They do not receive any.

Mr. Golberrte, being further examined, said. That in reckoning the Horses of which he had given the Committee an Account, they counted none but such as came with loaded Boats. — And being asked. Whether the Adventurers have any Banks on the Ouze? he said. They have, 9 Miles being the whole Distance between Denver's Sluice and Littleport, except One Mile which

does not belong to them; that he spoke of the Bank on one Side only; that the major Part of the Banks are 7 or 8 Feet wide at the Top. — And being asked. If the Horses do not tread down and strengthen the Banks ? he said, If they would keep on the Top they. might do feme Service, but that their hind Legs are generally on the Sides, and that they sometimes hale intirely there; and that he has frequently known them throw the Earth into the Rivers.

Mr. Thomas Knowles, being examined, said. He 4s Surveyor of a private District, called Burnt Fen that he is upwards of 60 Years old, and has always lived in the Neighbourhood of the said Fen. — ‘And being asked, he said, The Barges and Lighters employed between Brandon Creek and Ely, on the River Ouze, are greatly increased in Number within his Memory, and are of greater Burthen; and that they are Haled by larger Horses than were formerly used, and more in Number to each Barge. — And being asked. Whether the Banks are trod down by the Haling upon them ? he said. They are very much; that he spoke of a private District, which was so poor as to beaflifled by the Corporation; that there is a Toll paid upon that Bank for the Commissioners of the District, which he receives; and that the Horses in Haling do much Mischief everywhere, thought not equally so on broad Banks and narrow ones, the latter receiving the most Injury; that the general Width of the Top of the Bank of which he speaks, is from 3 to 6 Feet; that if Banks are made 8 Feet wide at the Top, they may be reduced 2 or 3 Feet in a Year’s Time, according to the Wear. — And being asked, Whether when Money is given by the Corporation to artili any particular Diflri6t, it is laid out under the Inspection of the Fen Office ? he said. That so far as relates to the outward Bank it is, but that the interior Works are under the Direction of the Commissionere of that District. — And being asked. If he was particularly acquainted with the Banks from Ely to Brandon Creek ? he said. He was, and that he believed they are still under the Corporation, though repaired of late Years, under Acts of Parliament for

A. 1777.

particular Distri6ts. — A fid being asked. What he apprehended to be the Annual Damage to the Banks ? lie said. He really believed it to be very considerable, and that very great Sums are laid out in repairing the Damage done by the Horses haling. — And being asked. What is the Toll on the Bank within the District of which he was speaking ? he said, Six Pence for each HorseHaling; that it is paid to the Proprietors; that the above Toll is taken between Prickivello Bridge and Littleport Bridge, and from Bridge to Bal-

don's Load, which is near Three Miles, Three Pence a Horse. — And being asked. Whether he accounted to the Bedford Level Corporation for the said Tolls ? he said, He did not; and that if no such Tolls were collected, the Corporation mult contribute to repair the Banks, or they would go to ruin; that the Corporation had often allotted Money for the Repair of that Bank. — And being asked. If the Burthen of the Vessels navigating the said Rivers was greater now than formerly ? he said, Yes, but that he could not specify the Particulars; that their Burthen is at present from 5 to 16 Tons; that about 30 Years ago the largest Boat might be of 10 or 12 Tons; that the Water is not deeper now than formerly, nor in his Opinion in many Places so deep, there being but 3 Feet Water now in Parts where once were 7, but that they use more Horses to each Barge; that the Boats were built in the same Manner formerly as they are now, and that they now put Horses enough to each Boat to force her through the Mud. — And being asked. How he apprehended the Water had been diminished ? he said. By the great Floods, Want of a proper Outfall, Stagnation, and the growing of the Weeds. — And being asked. Whether he meant the Outfall at Sea, or the Obstructions in the Rivers ? he laid, He meant the latter, which he attributed to the Definition of the Banks, the Water breaking out, and the consequent Stagnation. — And being asked. Whether the Materials of the Banks are such as would be washed away without their being injured by the Horses haling upon them ? he said, Some of them would, and that wherever there is any bleak Water they would be almost carried away. — And being asked. What Method was taken to prevent it ? he said. They used what is called crwhich is forming Litter Reeds, or what they can get, into Hedges, but that where the Horses go this cannot be done. — And being asked. What Outfall lie alluded to ? he said Denver's Sluice, but that the Water is flopped in the Ouze, between Ely and Littleport, before it reaches that Sluice, and that he did not mean to say the Obstruction.is at the Sluice; that the Haling upon the Banks causes them to moulder into the Rivers, which contributes to the increase of Weeds, the Banks being some only 40 Yards from the Edge of the River, and fomo close to it; that when they are at 40 Yards Distance the Mould from them cannot fall into the River, but that in some Parts the Banks are so near that the Barges ferape against them, for a great way together. — -Ana being asked. Whether, if the Banks were at a proper Distance from the River, they would be damaged by the Haling upon them ? be said. They certainly would, and that the Banks near the River are damaged by the Water working against them; that in same of Floods the Earth trod down from the Banks will be all washed into the Rivers, and that the greater the Distance of the Bank from the River, the greater Injury is done to it by Haling thereon.

Your Committee then called Mr. Philip Cawthorne, who had been Deputy Surveyor to the Bedford Level Corporation, between 6 and 7 Years; and who, being examined, said. He was 70 Years old, 20 of which he had had the Care of the Hundred Foot Bank; that the said Bank is 21 Miles long, and that' the Expence of supporting it for the last 20 Years amounted to about 15,000; that there is very great Commerce on the Hundred Foot River, from Lynn and Ely to -

donshire,

17 Geo. III. 2i° MartiL

donshire, and other Counties, as far as Bedfordshire. — And being asked, Whether the Haling upon that Bank is attended with any Damage to it? he laid. Yes* very considerable; that it has thereby been endangered in Times of Floods; that he remembered several Breaches in it, particularly a very large one in 1763, the Size of which, as near as he could guess, was 60 Yards long; and 33 Feet deep perpendicular; that it happened in January, and that a great deal of Winter Crop, and Corn in the Stack, was loft, and many Families drowned out. — And being asked. Whether he believed that Breach was in any Degree occasioned by Haling on the Banks? he said, It was believed that the Gang of Lighters which had just passed, and was very heavy, had done it. — And being asked. What Reason he had to suppose so ? he said. That the Drivers suddenly whipping the Horses had occasioned the Lighters to swing against the Bt c. — And being asked. What is the Size of that Bank ? he said. It is about 18 or 20 Feet Batter, 6 Feet high next the River, 7 or 8 on the other Side, and the Top in some Places 6 Feet wide. — And being asked, Whether he had ever seen the Water even with the Top of that Bank ? he said. He had seen it run over it for a Mile together; that even in such Circumstances it is not a very little Matter that will beat it down, but that they generally raise a little Scradge or Hedge at the Top, to keep the Water from running over; that when the Rivers are quite full, the Haling upon the Banks is very dangerous; and that they never permit a Horse to pats at those Times. — And being asked. Whether, if a few Inches being knocked off of the Top of a Bank by any Force or Shock, the Water following it, would occasion a large Breach there? he said. It will cut down the Bank-in a very little Time, and make a very large Hole in the Space of an Hour or two. — And being asked, If he spoke of the Banks in general ? he said. He spoke of those under his own Care. — And being asked, Whether a Breach will at all Times be occasioned by the Water running over the Bank? he said, Yes, if it was not immediately flopped; that when a Barge has passed, and made a Breach, it is not always in their Power to flop it, as they cannot always be upon the Spot. — And being asked. Whether the Expence of repairing the Breach made in the Year 1763 was included in the above-mentioned Sum off. 15,000? he said. It was. — And being asked. If there had been any Breaches since that ? he said. There had, one in May 1773, which he believed was occasioned by the Banks being distressed by the Water; that it was not at the same Place as the former Breach; that it was 04 Yards long and 20 Feet deep perpendicular at the deepest Part; that there was another smaller one the same Year; and that he never heard of any being occasioned by Gangs of Lighters, except that which he had mentioned. — And being asked. Whether the £. 15,000 laid out the last 20 Years would more effectually have secured the Banks, if there had been no Haling upon them ? he said. That if there had not been. any Haling upon them, they would not have been worn down so quick, and con sequently have been more safe. — And being asked, What is the Distance of the Banks from the Hundred Foot River? he laid. He did not think it exceeded 24 Yards in any Part, from the Foot of the Bank to the Edge of the River, and in some Parts was not Yards. — And being asked. How much Slope these Banks have ? he said. Eighteen Feet to the River Side, meaning the diagonal, the Bank being Six Feet high. — And being asked, How they Haled on this Bank? he described it in the same Manner as a former Witness had done, with respect to other Banks; and added, that by suddenly whipping the Horses, or driving them on the Side of the Bunk, the Flag or Facing of it is much tom down. — And being asked. Whether all the Injuries he had specified occasioned a general Increase of the Expence to the Corporation on account of keeping Vot. 36.

them in Repair ? he said, tt did, and was very considerable; as they were obliged to employ Men immediately to repair all Damages. — And being asked. For what yearly Sum he would undertake to make good the Damages done to the Banks under his Care, by Haling upon them ? he should nOt be willing to undertake it for £. 10 a Year per Mile; saying, he mea, nt the Hundred Foot Bank. — And being asked. Whether any Compensation had been made to the Corporation for the Damages done those Banks by Haling upon them? he said, None that he knew of — And being asked.

Whether Carts, Chaises, Persons on Horseback, and Droves of Cattle, travel on those Banks? he said. That sometimes in dry Weather there are; but that there have been Hr ift Orders for 6 or 7 Years, that Carriages should not pass; and now none go. — And being asked. What is the Burthen of the Barges now navigating the Hundred Foot River? he said. From to 14 Chaldron of Coals; that they have been of that Burthen for 20 Years; that the said River has been made more than 100 Years. —

And being asked. Whether the Droves that go from Norfolk to St. Ives Market travel along that Bank ? he said, They do at ail Times, except when the River is full of Water. — And being asked. Whether any Toll is paid for them? he said. They pay for going over Denver's Sluice, but he did not know what $ that they also pay . something at Oxload, but he did not know what; and at no other Place. — And being asked. If those Cattle do not trample down the Banks? he said. They are driven at the Top of the Bank as much as possible,. and that they certainly mull do some Damage; that the Toll at Denver's Sluice is paid, whether they go along the Bank or not. — And being asked, To whom the Toll at Oxload is paid ? he said. He believes a Person receives it for the Bedford Level Corporation; that the Man who receives it is notan Officer under the Corporation, but he believes Farms the Tolls of them. — And being asked. Whether the Cattle pass in considerable DroVes? he' said, 40, 50, or 100 Black Cattle at a Time, once a Week, for 3 Months in the Year. — And being asked. Whether there are always Cattle feeding on the Banks ? he said. Yes, except in High Water Times; and that he believed the Corporation let the Feeding upon them. — And being asked. Whether the Horses haling paid any Toll at Oxload? he said, They do not. Then,

Mr. Thomas Hogard, an Engineer, being examined, informed your Committee, That he had been conversant in the Management of Low Lands liable to be drowned near 40 Years; that he had lately viewed the several Rivers and Banks within the Middle and South Levels of the Bedford Level; that the Extent of the Banks within those Two Districts, under the Jurisdiction of the Corporation, is upwards of 170 Miles; that he had measured them, and that he had observed the Haling upon them, and the Cattle passing; that all the Banks are haled upon, more or less; that Horses passing along the Banks, not drawing, do not do as much Damage as when Hading; that Haling upon the Banks does them much Injury, and necessarily increases the Expence of the Corporation in repairing them, which is very considerable; that if he was asked to undertake the Repair of them by the Mile, he should not chuse tat do it; that taking them altogether, which he had considered when he made the Estimate, he was of Opinion they could not be repaired, with respect to the Damage done by Haling only, under £.% per Annum a Mile* on an Average, of the whole 170 Miles; that he apprehends the Damage sustained for some Years past has amounted to that; and that if the Banks were nOt to be repaired they would go down, and of Course there could be no Haling upon them; that the Haling would be in a great Measure the Cause of their Deltruction, if not constantly repaired; that Horses not drawing do as much mischief in passing the Banks as an equal Number of Cattle would do; that to his Knowledge the Corporation are at a very considerable Expence in flagging the

Banks;

e

Bedford*

Level

Drainage*

500

a 1 0 Martii. A. 1777.

Banks; that the Interfaces of the Flags are covered with Silt, and afterwards sown with Hay Seeds; that he has observed the Flag to be greatly damaged and torn up by the Horses haling Boats, the Consequence of which would be, if not repaired, that in a Flood, and the Wind bearing upon the Bank, more of the Flag-mpg would be carried away, and Holes be torn in the Bank, — And being deflred to describe the Length of each particular Bank of which the said 170 Miles is composed, he gave the Committee the following State of them.

Miles.

The South Bank and Morton’s Leamc *12

The Ouze, from Denver's Sluice to The Hermitage 29

The River Cam from. Clayhilh to Harrimeer - o

Well CrCek -

From Well Creek to Bam/ey Load Whittlesey Duke The Forty Feet Drain The Old Bedford -The New Bedford -

Swqfey Bank -Stoke River Bank -Brandon River Bank Mildenhall Bank -

And he further said, That he considered them as Cor-

E3ration Banks, and had made the Estimate of the xpence of repairing them by their Direction; but he did not know whether they are now repaired by them.

Your Committee then called Charles Nalfon Cole, Esquire, again j who, being examined, said, That the above Banks were originally vested in the Corporation by Acts of Parliament, and still remain in them; that the South Bank of Morton’s ,the North and

South Bank of the Two Bedfords, the West Bank of the Ouze, from Littleport to Denver’s the Eall

Bank of the Gran/, from Clayhilh to Harrimeer, the East Bank of the Ouze, from Harrimeer to Brandon Creek, save and except such Parts thereof as have, within the last 20 Years, been provided for by Turnpike or Distri& Acts, are totally supported out of the Revenues of the Bedford Level Corporation; that with regard to the other Banks, they have been supported partly at the Expence of the Land Owners and Occupiers adjacent thereto, and partly at the Expence of the Corporation, who have from Time to Time, on Petitions, advanced such Sums for those Purposes as the Situation of their Revenue would enable them to do, in Aid of the Expence that laid upon private Property; that all the Banks of which the next foregoing Witness had given an Account were surveyed by him, by Direction of the Corporation, in order that by this Application to Parliament the Repairs of them might be provided for; that he believed the Middle Fen District had taken upon themselves the Preservation of their Bank, which it appeared was 7 Miles long; but that to his Knowledge the Corporation had, since the passing of the Act re-( fating to that District, expended at different Times £. 1,800 on the Repairs thereof. — And being asked, Whether the not repairing those Parts of the Banks ' which of late Years the Corporation have not repaired, had been occafiened by the Deficiency of their Revenues for that Purpose ? he said. He believed it was owing to nothing else, because he never knew an Application to dispose of the Corporation’s Revenue for public Works refused, where they were found necessary, and it was in their Power to comply with it. Then, Mr. Thomas Knowles, being further examined, said. There have, been many Mills erected within the last 30 Years for throwing Water into the Rivers, which have thrown also great Quantities of Moor mixed with Water, by which Means the Beds of the Rivers have 20

in many Parts been greatly filled up, and the Depth of Water thereby deCreased; that he has sometimes teen the Mills, Seven of which he has under his Care, throw up little else than Dirt; that the Mud so thrown damages the Navigation also, and makes it necessary to use a greater Number of Horses in Haling; that where he is concerned the Mills were erected by the Commissioners of the Burnt Fen District. — And being atked, Whether they could have eroded those Mills without Leave of the Corporation ? he said. He believed not; that the intention of erecting them was to drain the Fen; that the Mills of which he spoke drain only the particular District, some Part of which is free Land, and some Corporation Land.

Mr. Cole, being further examined, said, That the Mills have been the Cause of almost the Dellrudion of the Country; that in 1711 they.were determined by the Court of Exchequer to be a Nuisance; that in the Course of about 30 Years the Beds of the Rivers being much grown up, and there being no fall out of the Fens into the Rivers, the Water stagnated within the Fen, and Mills were introduced to lift it up into the Rivers, the Beds of which were above the Level of the Fens.- — And being asked. Whether it was his Opi* nion that every kind of Mills are detrimental to a proper Plan of Drainage ? he said, That he thought where the Level of the Country is so much lower than the adjacent Drains which are to carry off the Water, and those Drains cannot be made lower than the Level, as is the same in many Parts of the Water mutt

be lifted up by Engines: but where the adjacent Drains can be made lower than the Lands to be drained, Mills, besides the Expence of them, are totally uleless. — And being asked. Whether the Country of which he spoke drained itfejf formerly without Mills, and would do so again, if the Rivers were properly scoured or deepened ? he said. He spoke with regard to the South Level, which is in the worst Situation for draining; and which he remembers about 45 Years ago without one Mill in it, since when he had not seen it in so fine a Situation as it was then.

Mr. Hogard, being again examined, said. That he remembered the making of Two Navigations from

Thrapflon to Northampton, and from Biggleswade to the Ouze, through the River Ivell: that the Water came down quicker after the Rains than it did before those Navigations were made, and rose higher. — And being asked, Whether the Waters coming down rapidly would scour the Rivers, and mend the Navigation? he said. It would, if the Water could be confined within the Banks; that the Water passes thrbugh the ancient Rivers, and by coming down so much quicker than formerly, blows the Banks to Pieces before it can reach Wijbich. — And being asked. Whether he apprehended that the Breaches in the Banks are frequently occasioiied by the Water getting under them ? he said. They sometimes are, and fomeiimes by the Water running over the Top of the Banks, and wearing them down; that by a Bank being blown up, he meant the Whole going away from the Seat to the Top. — And being asked. Whether that is frequently occasioned by the Water undermining the m? he laid, He believed not, but by the Water laying so heavy against a Bank as to remove it out of its Place, and occasion a Breach; that a Bank is never blown up but when the Water is at a great Height; that it is owing to the Pressure of the Water against a Bank, and not the undermining it, that it is blown up; that he did not know of any Banks being ' blown by being undermined, but that he had known Rat Holes that would have endangered a Bank, if not repaired; that if any Hole was made under a Bank by any Means whatever, and there was a conllderable Weight of Water against it, it would thereby be endangered, if not Hopped. — And being asked, If it is possible that a Bank may be entirely lifted up and removed by such an Effort of the Water? he said, It

would

17 Geo. lit. 2 i° Mafiiu3°1

would bo flioved out of its Place, and a Breach be do. — And being asked, Whether he had known the Bedford ocealioned; but that he did not call that Blowing-up of Water run over a Bank without occasioning a Breach e

a Bank; that they often threw Loads of Clunch at the in it ? he said. He had: That on those Occasions, the ramufi loot of a Bank to support it, which is not done to Breach is occasioned by the Water cutting down the prevent the Top being blown up, but to hinder the Back of the Bank; and that; they never permit Haling Waves from walking away the Bread of the Bank; and upon the Banks, when the Water is at the Top of that the Effect of the Clunch thrown at the Foot of a them.

Bank, with regard to diminishing the Depth of the Mr. Thomas Ilogard* being further examined, said,

Water there, would be so trifling as to be impercep- That from the Causes above Hated, and others, the tilde. Works already made are now insufficient, both in the

Your Committee then called Mr. Benjamin Wright; Rivers and the Banks, for carrying the Waters through who, being examined, said. He was 60 Years old, and the Great Level of the Fens; that it is necessary to had lived all his Time at Peterborough; that there had keep the Rivers clear of Weeds and Rulhes; that lately been a new Navigation made from Thrapston to having been there generally in the Winter, he could not Northampton s that, since the making of that Naviga- say whether that is done or not; that if the Weeds are tion, the Floods have come down more rapidly than neglected to be cut up, the Rivers will be silted up by formerly, more in Quantity, and in lefsTime by Two that Means.

Days and an Half, between Northampton and Peter- Your Committee then called Mr.

borough, by which Means the Height of the Water is who, being examined, said. He is a Farmer and Gra-gieatly increased; that he remembered several Breaches zier; has lived at March, in the Middle Level, all his in the Banks, fume of which were made by Means of Life; is between 60 and 70 Years old; and has been the Water coming down so salt that the Banks could an Officer under the Bedford Level Corporation, since not contain it while it got to Wijbich , that there was the Year 1747; and for the last 15 Years, Deputy a Breach in the WalderfeaBank Three Years ago; and Surveyor. — And being asked. What Banks are under

that there have been several Breaches in the North his Care? he said. The South Banks of Morton's Bank within 9 or 10 Years. — And being asked. By Leamc, the River Nene from Flood's Ferry to Salter’s w hat Course the Waters coming down the Nene puffed Load, The Tongs, and The Foot and to the Sea? he said, By Wijbich, through Morton's Leame, Eau. — And being asked, Whether from the Causes because at StandgroundSluice no Boats are permitted to Hated by the foregoing Witnesses, whose Evidence was

pals, by Order of the Board, when the Water there is read to him, he thought the Works already made suffi-at the 9 Foot Mark; that this Order is not detrimental cient for carrying off the Waters from the Great Level to the Navigation; that the Stoppage lahs sometimes to the Outfalls into the Sea? he said. They are not. — a considerable Time, from one Week to Tw'o Months, And being asked, he said, He had two Officers under during which Space there is no Navigation to Lynn; him, who followed his Directions. — And being asked, that opening the Sluice for the Passage of Boats would Whether he attended the making of Estimates ? he be dangerous to the Country; and that he never knew said. He did; that there is always an Allowance made the Sluice kept shut, but when the Opening of it in every Officer’s Estimate for roding the Rivers, except would be attended with such Danger. — And being in that Part of the River which is in the Hands of asked, What he apprehended might be the Damage the Commissioners under the Act; that Morton's to the Country, if that Sluice was opened when the Leame is roded twice a Year; Popham’s Eau, twice or Water is at the 9 Foot Mark? Whether £.40,000? three times a Year; that Part of in my

he said. Many times that Sum; and if it was always Division, twice a Year; the upper Part lUver,

©i<«.,. the Country would be drowned for 40 Miles. — from Angle Corner into Meer, twice; and

And being uked, Whether the Floods would not pass Tongs once, at the latter End of the Year. — And

much quicker through Northamptonshirethan they do being asked, If they are roded often enough for the

now? ho said. They would not; that they comedown Purpose of keeping the Rivers clean? he said, They now as salt as they can do; and that when they are at make them as clean as possible; and that if they W’ere that Sluice, they'are out of Northamptonshire. — And not roded, there could be little or no Run, they are so

being nlked, Whether that Sluice obstructs the Passage bad. — And being asked, If these Rivers had been roded of the M ater from the Country above to that below it ? constantly, as he had Hated, for 14 or 15 Years lad he said. In high Floods it does; that he remembered past ? he said, He could not answer for every Year Barges having passed it when the Water was at the 10 particularly'; that it had been done more regularly Foot Mark without any Accident happening; but that since the Rivers had been so bad; but could not be they cannot pafi* now, when it is so high, because the very exact to 6 or 7 Years. — And being asked, Whe-Corporation forbid it, on account of the Water some- ther he did not think the Neglect of it for 6 or 7 Years times coming down so quick as to rife 2 or 3 Feet in a palt had made the Rivers so bad ? he said. He thought Night; that it is some Years since they were firH forbid the Neglect of Roding alway's made the Rivers bad. — passing at 10 Foot Mark; that the Sluice is in good And being asked. Whether he thought it was necessary Condition; and that the Barges always have proper to embank all the Rivers that carry down the Floods?

Notice; that if by penning at the above-mentioned he said. It is; otherwise they should be driven out of Sluice, when the Water is at the 9 Foot Mark, any the Country'. — And being asked. What should be the Accident was to happen, so that the Country should be Dimensions of the several Banks, as near as he could drowned it would be a very great Prejudice to the speak to it ? he said. He should think, from the Fore* Navigation, which could not be carried on at all with land to the Seat of the Bank, must be 70 Feet in the any Certainty or Convenience. — And being asked, South Bank of Morton's Leame.

Whether, if the Sluice is in good Repair, the Coun- Mr. Cole, being asked, What he knew, in respect to try' is endangered by permitting Boats to pass when the a Provision being made in the Estimates of the Corpo*

Water is at the 9 Foot Mark ? he said. In a falling ration for Toding the Rivers ? informed y'our Commit*

Water he believes it it is not; but in a riling "Water tee. That he could speak to Provision having been made it is. — Then, for that Purpose ever since the Year 1747, having alT

Mr. Cute1 home, being again examined, said, There way's, except in One Infiance, been present when it has lately’ been a Navigation made from Bigglejioade to was done; that after the Allotment for every Oflieer’s the Ou[j, by means of which the Floods came dowrn Division is made, the general Application is lirfi for the

Two Days or Two Days and an Half sooner into the Repair of the Banks; the next Two Articles under the Hundred Foot River than formerly, which raises the Head of Rodings and Emergencies; of the Sum fur-Water to a greater Height, and quicker than it used to nished for Rodings and Emergencies, Part is applied Vol. 3G. 4H vfor

Bedford

Level

Drainage.

302 21 Martit. 1777.

for'eutting the Weeds in the llivers, and the other Part to accidental Expences, that could not he foreseen nor provided for; that he hardly recollected an Inilance of an Officer, that had any Parts of the Rivers Under their Care, that ha\c not an Allowance for that Service; and that looking back into the Disposition of Money raised for the Preservation of the Country, from the curbed Accounts in the Fen Office, Rbdings and Emergencies generally Hand as a Part of the Officers Estimates, and, as such, are provided for. — And being asked, Whether it has been done elsectually ? he said. He never saw to the Execution of it, it not being his Business.

Mr. Thomas Ilogard, being again examined, said. That after heavy Rains, and in wet Seasons, the Great Level of the Fens is always liable to be overflowed; that the Rivers in general want deepening, and the Banks repairing, heightening, and strengthening, and will from time to time require great Sums for the continuing them in a proper State, to preserve the Great Level from being overflowed; that it will also require great Sums to furnish proper Haling Ways for the Navigators through the said Rivers; and that considerable Works are wanting for the Preservation of the Navigation; that the present Banks are inadequate to the Purpose of Haling upon them, being too weak, and liable to be broke down by the Horses belonging to every Gang that passes; that the Bank of Morton's Tea me, though not so liable to be broke down as some others, is in Danger of it in high Floods; that the Hundred, Foot Bank is not in Danger of being broke down but in Times of Floods, nor the Ten Mile Bank. — And being asked. If any of them are liable to be broke down except in Flood-Time? he said. Some are; particularly the Banks of The Stoke River, The the Brandon, and the Grant, from to Harri-

viter; and that he did not look upon any Bank as in a State of Security, which is liable to be broke down in Time of Flood. — And being asked. Whether the Forty Foot Bank is liable to be broke down, except in Times of Floods? he said. It is, by Haling upon it; that without being absolutely broken down, the Banks fufier conllant Damage from Haling upon them, by being weakened and mouldered down; that the Banks of the Brandon River had in several Places been so broken and trod down, by the Horses Haling upon them, that the W ater ran over the Banks. — And being asked, Wrhether those Banks are not greatly damaged by Cattle feeding and going on them? he said, At that Time Ire saw no Cattle in the Country; that he was going up the River in a Boat, and being (lopped by the Ice was obliged to walk from the Outfall of Brandon River to Wilton, which is about Ten Miles. — And being

asked. Whether, by what he had seen, he thought the Level had ever been so effectually drained, as not to be overflowed by Rains, and in wet Seasons ? he said. He had known the Middle and South Levels but a few Years; and therefore could not say what the Works were formerly; but that at present they are insufficient. — And being nfked, if he could not judge by the present Appearance of the Works, whether they had ever been stronger and higher than at present ? he said. It appears that they have been, but that they are very indifferent now. — ‘And being asked. Whether, if the Banks were made fttfficiently llrong to resist the Floods, and effectually answer the Purpose of Drainage, they would be liable to be broken down by the Haling upon them, so as to occasion any considerable Breach ? he laid. They would not be very liable to be broken down; but that the Damage done by the Haling would be very considerable; that he believed the Haling upon the Banks had been a principal Cause of lowering the m; that if they were not kept in Repair, the Haling would in Time deliroy them; in which Cafe, he believed there could be no Navigation; that the travelling 'Bpon the Banks, ind grazing of Cattle, contributes to tread them down, but not so much as tho Horses

haling; that though the Cattle and Haling tread the Banks, they do not render them firm; and that he lhontd not chuse to have Cattle come upon them, by way of improving the m. — And being asked. Whether the Rivers are now of a Depth convenient for the Navigation ? he said. In Times of high Floods only; and then the Water is so high, as to endanger the Banks. —

O o

And being asked. If he had ever seen any Level or Section of those Rivers? he said, He had; and, as he believed; made by Mr. Eljtobb, but he did not know where it is now. — And being asked, Whether he conceived it to be necessary to embank all the Rivers in the Levd ? lie said. He did; and that he had made an Estimate of the whole Expence. — And being asked, W'hether, if the Rivers were embanked, it would be necessary to have Drains to convey the Water into them ? he said. It certainly would; but whether these are Works to be done by the Corporation, or particular Land Owners, he did not know. — And being asked. What would be the Expence ? he said, his Estimate amounts to £. 180,000 including the Sum of £.26,000 for making Kinderley Cut; that if the Rivers were em-

banked, the Floods might rife higher in them than they do now, but they would run off sooner; that if the Banks were to be calculated merely for the Use of the Navigation, and not to keep out the Floods, they might be made at less Expence; but that such Banks would certainly be soon waffied away. — And being asked. What would be the Annual Expence of supporting the Embankment of which he had made the Estimate ? he Paid, He had made Calculations of it, but was not prepared to answer the Question; that some of his Calculations were made a Year ago, and all of them previous to the last Ely Meeting; that they are only Observations upon separate Works, and not put together; that he had not any Idea what the Sums generally or specifically would amount to; that he had not had any Inllruc-tions to think of that Matter, nor believed any one knew of his having done it; that he had delivered in his Estimate of the Expence of making the Banks at the Fen Meeting.

Mr. Cole being then asked, Wrhat he knew of the Damage done to the Banks by Haling upon them ? gave the Committee an Account of an Inilance of the Injury done them, which had happened in his Presence.

Your Committee then called Mr. Broion,

a Merchant, and Owner of Gangs of Lighters, living at Peterborough; who, being examined, laid. He employed Barges between that Place and that

the River is in a very bad State from the latter Town to StandgroundSluice: that there are many Obstructions in it; and that Expences are thereby occasioned to the Navigators; that there are also many Obstructions in the Ri ver in and below Wijbich; and that it wants deepening very much both above and below that Place; that last Summer, in dry Times, it took more than 10 Days to navigate from Peterborough, through Morton's Leame% to Wijbich, which is 21 Miles; that in dry Times he cannot carry Half a Load; that a Gang of Seven Lighters, when full loaded, carry 80 Chaldron of Coals; but in the Course of last Summer, such is the present State of the River, the same Gang could not carry 3 Chaldron in each Lighter; that thefeCircum-llances occasion a very consideruble Advance in the Freight of Goods; that the present Price of Freight a Chaldron of Coals from Wijbich to Peterborough is 2 s. 6 d.but that if the River was in a proper State, a Gang would not be more than 6 or 8 Hours going that Distance; consequently could make or 5 Voyages in the Time they now make one; and he presumed, the Coals might be conveyed for nr. a Chaldron; that, beside.s the Obstructions, the additional Number of Horses they are obliged to use is another considerable Expence, which would also be remedied, if the Navigation was improved; that it is also at present

very

17 Geo. III.

11° Martii.

very injurious to the Vessels, being sometimes forced to employ 7 or 8, and even 14 Horses to draw a Gang of Lighters over the Gravel, though the Vesselshave not above 3 or Chaldron of Coals in them. — And being asked, Whether, if the North and South Banks of Morton'sLea me were destroyed, any Navigation could be carried on, except with the Wind ? he said, There could not. — And being asked, Whether it is the Business of the Corporation to keep the River deep? he said, Not that he knew of; that the whole Soil of the River is not Gravel; that there are Fords in it, which are feme of the gravelly Parts. — And being asked, Whether the Water is not kept low at particular Seasons, to enable loaded Waggons and Carts to pass these Fords, with the Produce of the Country ? he said. It is not in any one’s Power to make the River lower for that Purpose; that Nature does it; that the Fords are kept up for the Convenience of the Country; that he believed Gravel had been brought to some of them; but that one is naturally a gravelly Soil. — And being asked. Whether the Shallowness of the River is of late increased ? he said. He never knew it in a good State; but that it is. worse now than he ever remembers it before; but to what Cause it might be attributed, he had never made any particular Enquiries. — And being asked. If there are not Times of the Year, when the Navigation is more free and better? he said. Never so as to carry proper Loads, but when there is such a Flood in the Rivers, so as to overflow at

which Times they cannot Hale but under great Difficulties. — And being asked. How long they are, at those Times, in making the Voyages above specified? he said. It depends a great deal upon the Weather; that they are precluded from Haling upon the North Bank, except now and then, the Commissioners of the North I.evel permit it, because Business should not be flopped; that this Restraint was principally during the Time that Bank was repairing. And being asked. Whether they have a free Haling Way on that Bank, when it is not repairing? he laid. They take the Liberty to go, but it is only at a Time when it is impossible to go any other Way; that they have not a Right to go at the Foot of the Bank; and on the Foreland they cannot go, there not being sufficient Room. — And being asked. Whether they paid anything for Haling? he said, They do not; that every Horse passing that Bank pay's a Penny, whether drawing or not. — And being asked, How much had been paid for the Freight of a Chaldron of Coals, when the Navigation was better than it is now? he laid, He has had them brought for 1 .;

that the Freight varies according to the Circuinltgnces of the Navigation. — And being asked, Whether, if the Fords were removed, the Navigation would not be better? he said, It would in those Parts; but that those are not the Parts where the Navigation is obstructed the moll; that there is no Gravel except at the Fords; but that for 3 or 6 Miles, there is in fast no River at all, it is so much grown up; which is the Reason why it is not navigable but when the AVater is over The and that the Stoppages are below the Fords. — And being asked, If the North Bank is considered as a Turnpike Road ? he said, Not that he knows of — And being asked. In whom was the discretionary Power of varying the Freight of Goods? he said, The advancing of it depends upon the Occasions of the Country; when they are in immediate AVant of Goods, they are obliged to give an advanced Freight.

Mr. Benjamin Wright-, being examined, said. He knew the State of the River from Sluice

to Floods Ferry, being about 10 Miles; that in dry Seasons he has known Gangs of Lighters 15 or 16 Days in pairing that Space, which, if the River was properly scoured out, they might go in fess than one Day; from which he concludes, the River very much wants deepening; that if it was not for the Mil! AVater, there sometimes would be no Navigation at all; that he had had a good deal of Traffic upon that

VOL. 36.

River. — And being asked, AVhat he meant by the Bedford Mill AVater’s benefiting ^ie Navigation? he said,

Because the Bottom of the River is higher than the adjoining Land; that he never remembered the River deeper than it is now.

Mr. David Cozclierd, being examined, said. He was

acquainted with the River None, from Flood's Ferry to Salter's Load> which is about 20 Miles; that the Time

of Gangs of Lighters going that Space is very uncertain; that theyr sometimes lie 10 Days or more, till 10 or 12 Gangs get together; that he had a discretionary Power to ihut the Ebb Doors at Salter's Load, to hold the Waters up, to let the Gangs navigate the River; that if the River was properly' scoured, Gangs Would go the above Space in lei’s than a Day.

Mr. John liobinfon, the Keeper of;

being examined, said. That Sluice belongs to the Conservators of the River Grant, with which River he is well acquainted between Eland Harrimeer,

being a Distance of between 7 and 8 Miles; that he has frequently known Gangs of Lighters flopped in that River; that several Places between and

Clayhith are much silted up, particularly New Swaffham Comer, and Calves Plat, where Gangs frequently lie Two Day's for AVant of AVater; that they are not only obliged to be lightened, but that Applications are made to him almost daily for a Head of Water to set them clear; when they find that his Sluice does not contain AVater sufficient, they frequently go higher towards Cambridge, and let down AVater from one Sluice to another, till it comes tp his, which is the last; that he believes, if the River from Up to Clayhith was deepened, the Gangs could go in about Hours; and that if the Banks and Obstructions below his Sluice were lowered. Barges would then come up to it. And,

Mr. William Thompfun, being examined, said. He knew the River Ouze, from Prickteello Bridge to denhall, and from its Junction there to Bailey's Gravel, which is about 8 or 9 Miles in the Whole; that Gangs are generally or 5 Days passing from the said Bridge to Bailey Gravel, according to the AVater; that if the River was properly scoured, they might navigate the same Distance in 8 or 9 1 lours, or less; that the River is not deep enough; not above 2 Feet in some Places; in others not above one; and that the Barges generally draw 3 Feet A\fater.

Mr. Thomas Hogard, being asked, AVhat he thought would be the Consequence to the Level, if the great Rh -er Banks were to be loft ? said. The Low Lands would be drowned, and the Navigation loft; and he then delivered in to y'our Committee, Estimate of the Expence of executing the Works proposed to be done in the Middle and South Levels, being Part of the Bedford Great Level; and also an Estimate of the Expence of deepening the Nezo Bedford or Hundred Foot River, and repairing the South Bank thereof, from. Hermitage to Denver's, Sluice^and likewise a Plan of the intended A\Torks, all signed by himself (both which Estimatesare annexed to the Report, together with the said Plan) — And being asked; AVhether, by a former Answer, he meant that the Navigation would be totall y loft ? he said, In Time it w’ould; and that if the Banks Xvere destroy'ed, they' could navigate no other AAray, but with the AVind, in dry' Seafoils, not at all with Boats drawing 3 Feet AVater, as at present they do; that if the Level of the Country' was laid under AVater, so that the Coiirfe of the Rivers could not be distinguished, none but small Boats, drawing one Foot AVater, could navigate; and that if the Banks were cleared away, the Channels of the Rivers could not be distinguished when the Country was 10 or 12 Inches under AVater; and that if the Banks were away, the Beds, of the Rivers would grow up; in which same he is of Opinion, that the Price of Goods and Merchandize, carried into the inland Counties, would be raised to ct much greater Height than by a reasonable Toll, and

that!

Bedford

Level

Drainage.

304 2 Mart it.A. 1777.

that it would be Attended with the Loss of such of those Objects as are now the Produce of the said Level. — And being asked, What would be the Consequence with rel'iloot to the Back Water, if the Banks were away? he said, The Waters from the High Lands would expand themselves over the Level, eonlequently the Velocity would be decrealed, and the Outfalls of the Rivers lilted up; that Back Waters are ell'cntially necessary for the preserving of all Rivers and Harbours, and that he knows no other Means of preserving of them; and of Course every Measure which tends to decrease the Quantity and Velocity of Back Water, is injurious to Rivers and Outfalls. — And being aiked, Whether the Outfalls at and

were not better formerly than they are now? he said, The Outfall of Wijbid1 is better now than he ever knew it; and that of Lynn he could not speak to — And being aiked, What reason he had to think the great River Banks would be loft? he said, If the Water was fullered to escape into the Level, the Waves, occasioned l>v the Wind, would wash them down in a Course of Time, and many would not take long in walking down. — And being aiked. Who are obliged to maintain the Banks? he said, He could not speak to them in particular. — And being aiked, W hether the Cor|>oration is obliged to maintain them generally? he said. He could speak to that; and that he was employed to make the Estimates by Mr. Cole, who, he believes, is Regiller. — And being aiked, If the Beds of the great navigable Rivers are not in general below the I^evel of the Fens? he said, They are very little, and differently so in different Parts. — And being aiked, Wrhat w ill prevent the Waters running down to their natural Outfall ? he said. The Banks would be fwilled into the Rivers, ami their Beds be raised higher than the I^ands, of which he had known Inffances; that in general he had reason to believe the Banks would fall into the Rivers, which Reasons he had before Hated. — And being aiked, Whether he thought Denver's Sluice an Obllruttion to the Passage of the Waters of the South Level? he said, He did not; that he could not tell how low the ancient Bottom of the Sluice was, but that it is now lower than the Bed of the River; that he judged so from having seen a great many Roots of Trees dragged out of the Ouze above the Sluice, which appeared to him as if they had grown upon the Bottom of the River. — And being aiked, Whether diverting the Water out of its ancient Course, does not lessen the Current, and occasion the River to grow more shallow ? he said, It certainly lessens the Current of the Ouze; that if all Obstructions were removed, the Current to the Outfall would undoubtedly be stronger, the Navigation better, and the Drainage allilled. — And being aiked. If he knew any Infiance in the Level, where the Water is diverted from its natural Course, that it was not for the Benefit of the Navigation? he said, He did not. — And being aiked. Whether the Produce of the Great which he before said would be loll by the Destruction of the Banks, does not make a considerable Part of the Commerce of the Ports of Lynn and he

said, It does; that the Produce of the Country in general, when dry, is great Quantities of Oats, Wheat, Barley, Rape Seed, and several other Sorts of Grain, and that whether the Trade*on the Ouze had diminished or increased of late Years, he could not tell.

Your Committee then called Mr. John Wing, Steward to the Duke of Bedford’s Eliate, at Thomey, where he said lie had lived 27 Years; who being examined, said. That he knew the State of the River from Peterborough to Wijbich;that in feme Places the Bed of that River

is 2, 3, or Feet above the Level of the adjacent Land, which he thinks a very considerable Obffruc-tion to the Passage of the Water, and has contributed greatly to break the North Bank of Morton's that from the Year 1763 to 1770, there have been

7 large Breaches in that Bank, and a great Number of small ones; that he did not remember any prior to 1763, firnce which Year there has been expended on that Bank upwards of £. 30,000; that the Breach which happened near Peterborough was 120 Feet wide and 36 deep; and he apprehends, in case the Wind had blown from the North inllead of the South, many such Breaches would have happened in the South Bank of Morton's Leame; that when the North Level was under Water, the Bank was walked quite through, and the Officers were obliged to be at a considerable Expence to repair it, to prevent its being washed quite away; that if one of the Levels was lolt, he thinks the others could not be preserved many Years; that if the above-mentioned Breaches had happened in the South Bank, the Corporation mull have repaired them, he apprehends, whose Duty it also is, as he 'apprehends, to remove Nuisances from the River; that he frequently fees and goes upon the South Bank, and does not remember any Breaches in it; that when the Bank was washed through, as before llated, the Water was prevented from communicating with The Leame, or it would have been entirely washed away, though not immediately into The Leame; that the Haling upon the North Bank is only by Sufferance. — And being aiked. If there have not been more Breaches in the North Bank, where there is no Haling, than on those where there is ? he said. He could not tell; that he does not think the Haling upon the North Bank would have prevented the Breaches that have happened on it, and that those Banks, which are Haled upon, are much more liable to be broken than those which are not; that the Haling upon the Banks is the principal Cause of their present bad State. — And being aiked, What Benefit the Banks are to the Navigation in those Parts? he said, He did not apprehend there could be any Navigation without them, for that the Water would escape into the Fen Lands, and the Rivers become dry, and that in those Parts, where there is no Haling, the Navigation is of no Prejudice nor Advantage to the Banks; that the Banks, on which there is no Haling, are necessary to the Navigation. — And being aiked. What has occasioned the Bed of the River to be above the Level of the adjacent Land, as he had Hated? he said. He apprehends it is owing to its not being embanked; for when the Tides How from Wijbich, where the Outfall to the North is, they over-

flow the whole Wash, and do not return with Velocity enough to carry away the Sand they bring up. Then,

Mr. Brown, being examined, confirmed the

foregoing Evidence with respect to the Loss of the Navigation being occasioned by the Destruction of the

O O »

Banks, and the Advance of the Price of Goods, in consequence thereof.

Mr. Thomas llogard, being further examined, said.

That if all the Works of the Great Level iliould be fullered to go to Decay totally, he apprehends the Expence necessary to recover them Would be a great deal more than is necessary to preserve them; he supposed 1 o Times as much, speaking of the Middle and South Levels only. — And being questioned, with respect to the Estimates he had given in to the Committee? he said, That wdieu he made them. Whether the Expence wras to be borne by the Corporation, or the Navigation, was no Part of his Consideration, neither did he consider the Assistance of private Persons; that lie had not made an Estimate of the Expence of maintaining all the Works proposed to be done, having had no Orders from the Corporation so to do; that in his Estimate he had included the Idea of Floods, but there are many Works, the Repairs of which, after completing them, he had not considered; that he hopes the intended Works will be sufficient to refill Mischieffrom the Floods, with respect to Breaches in the Banks*, but that the necessary Repairs of the

Wear

17 Geo. III.

a i* Mat.

505

Wear of them will be a considerable Expence, and that Breaches are principally occofioned by Floods.

Your Committee then called Charles Naljim Esquire, again; who being examined, said. He had been Regiller and Auditor to The Bedford Level Corporation 20 Years; that he has constantly attended the Meetings of the Corporation at Ely, and the Fen Office in London, where their Bufinefe is transacted, except Once. — And being asked. What he had observed in the Conduct of the Gentlemen who compose The Bedford Level Corporation, in Discharge of their Duty as Trustees for that Level ? he said. It is a Trust of a great deal of Business, and eonfequently great Trouble; that the Execution of it is attended with Expence to the Trustees, and from the Time he had known any Thing of the Matter they have discharged it with the greatest Fidelity, Justice and Attention; that they have, by every Means in their Power, enereased their Revenue, and in the Dil'position of it, have, to the belt of their Judgment, applied it to the Execution of the Trust, which, at the Time of their Election, they are sworn to perform; that when he went to the April Meeting in 1773, he passed through a Country almoll overflowed from Cambridge to Ely, and found in general, from the Conversation he had with People who came from the latter Place to attend the Business of that Meeting, that nothing could equal the general Distrel’s of the Country; that there had been a Breach in the South Bank of the Bedford River, the Hopping of which had colt a very large Sum; that there had been a Breach also in the North Bank; that the Water had ran over most of the great Banks, and that tl.e Expence in Breaches and Flood Bills alone had that Year amounted to .3,590; that he found the Receiver General had exhaulled all the Revenues in his 1 lands, and that there were considerable outstand-ingl )ebf.s unprovided for; that the Streets were crowded with Labourers, Ibliciting the Payment of their Wages for the Maintenance of their Wives and Families; and that to Satisfy and relieve them, Mr Gould, Mr. Grave*, Mr. If did bore, Mr. Sir Thomas

ton, Mr. Partridge, Mr. Drage, and Mr. Dixon, advanced £. 1,800 on the Spot for that Purpose; that the Corporation have always given every Aliiftance in their Power to private Districts; that The Burnt Fen Dilirict has been assisted to the Amount of 4,000 at Jeaft; The Middle Fen District to the Amount of £. 2,000, and The Swaffiham District very considerably; that, from the Accounts at present in the Possession of the Corporation, it is not possible to discover the Amount of the Expence of the original Adventurers in the first draining of the Level; but lie had been told by People, wi.o, from their Age, were more likely to know than himself, that it was the general Opinion of the Country, that from the First of the Undertaking, to the Fifteenth Year of King Charles the Second, not leis than £. 400,000 was expended; and the late Sir Francis St. John, of Thorpe,\\ear Peterborough, said. He had Papers in his Custody which would shew it; that from the Fifteenth of Charles the Second, to the Year 1776, the Expences of the Corporation on all the 3 Levels had amounted to at least £,500,000, besides which they have contracted Debts, on account of the Middle and South Levels, to the Amount of £.38,500; that all the Revenues have been applied, and the Debt incurred, in the Execution of their Trust; that there has hardly been a Meeting of the Corporation in the Country at which Applications for Aliiftance have not been made, which they were obliged, from the Deficiency of their Revenues, to refuse complying with; and that such Refusals of Assistance, had their Funds been competent, would have been a Breach of their Trust; that the Adventure. Lands have been so high taxed, as to induce the Holders thereof to throw up, from Time to Time,- considerable Quantities thereof. — And being asked. Whether, upon the Whole, he VOL. 36.

apprehended the Corporation had exerted every rea- - Bedford-sonable Means in their Power for the Preservation of L?vel

the Level ? he said. That if every Individual was to ra, D‘®e’

appropriate the Whole of the Revenue in Shares amongst themselves, for their own private Use, they could not have raised it higher, and he believed they have done, as Trustees for the Public* what many of them would not have done for themselves as Individuals; that considering the present State of the Middle and South Levels, and the Revenues of the Corporation, they are not able to fumish the Sums necessary for executing the Works required for preserving those Levels, without feme further Aliiftance; — And being1 asked. Whether the Works, which are necessary for the Preservation of the Drainage* will not greatly conduce to the Benefit of the Navigation within those Rivers ? he said, Fie thought the Works necessary for Drainage, which are substantial Banks, and clear Rivers, very essential to Navigation; that he believes the Corporation, in the Execution of their Business, have paid the greatest Attention to putting the Country to as little Expence as they can; and that he was of Opinion, the Whole of the Expence of General Meetings* both at Ely and in London, does not exceed, on an Average, £. 100 a Year, which, he believes, is the whole Expence the Country are at on account of the Trustees in the Execution of their Office; that the Corporation have in all 27 Sworn Officers; that he thinks it is impossible to procure Officers to Serve at less Expence than theirs do, and that they would not get them so cheap as they do by Half, unless they elected such as are.interested in the Preservation of the Country; that the collective Pay of the whole Number is £.693 a Year. — And being asked. What Interest the Corporation pay for Money borrowed ? he said,

£. 4 per Cent. — And being asked. Whether all the Adventure Lands are not answerable to their full Value for the Expence of the Drainage ? he said. The Corporation have, by the Act of the Fifteenth of Charles the Second, a Power of taxing them without Limb tat ion for the Support and Maintenance of the Great

Level; that the highell Tax ever imposed was in 1776, which was a Tax and an Half, and the lowest has been a Angle Tax; that for the last Century there have been 13 Years, in which a Tax and an Half was laid, 55 Years a Tax and a Quarter, and 33 Years a Angle Tax, and this from the Year 1673 to 1774 inclusive. — And being asked. Whether those Lands have not been taxed as high as they would bear ? he said,

He believed there was a Period, about the Year 1750* in which, if they had laid a Tax and an Half Year after Year for 3 Years, and the Country could have had no assurances that at the End of that Time it would have been reduced, he believed they would have abandoned more than a Quarter of -it, and that in the present State of Circumftauces, if greater Taxes were laid, he conceived less Money would be raised; that an Advertisement had been inserted in a public Paper, for a Meeting at Ely, to take into Consideration the distressed State of the Country, in.Consequence of which. Meetings were held, at which it was deemed necessary that Application should be made to Parliament for the Purposes mentioned in the Petition.

— And being asked. Whether all the Persons who have signed the Petition are Owners of Free Land ? he said. He could not speak to all, but that many- of them were, and that he does not know of their Consent to the Application being Signified in any other Way than by their signing the Petition.

The House was moved, That the said Petition might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Standing Or* der of the House, of the 25th Day of 1774,

" That, after this Session of Parliament, when any M Petition is presented to this House, for making a

4 I H navigable

Bedford

Level

Draiutge.

Lincoln,

lie.

Roods.

5iwlry

V^vi^iiion

2i° Martii. 1777.

" navigable Canal, or for making or improving the " Navigation of a River, or for making a new Turn-" pike Road, or for railing any further Sum of Money " for any of those Purposes, there be annexed to the " laid Petition an Estimate of the proposed Expence of such Undertaking, ligned by the Person or Persons " making the same, together with an Account of the " Money subscribed for carrying the said Work into M Execution, and the Names of the Subscribers, with the " Sums respectively subscribed by them," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for preserving the Drainage of the Middle Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and the several Navigations through the fame, and for imposing Taxes on the Lands within the said Levels, and laying Tolls oir the Goods conveyed by the said Navigations, in order to raise further necessary Funds for those Purposes: And that Sir Cotton, Sir Sampson Gideon, Mr. and Mr.

Jenyns, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That I^eave be given, that the said Report be printed.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners or Occupiers of Estates, and Inhabitants, within the several Parishes of Heighington, Branjtcn, Potter Hanworth, Nocton,

ston, Metheringham, Blankney, Scop Digby,

Ashby, Bloxham, Le/singham, Holdingliam, Rai/Jby, Crunwell, Ancaster, Suabrook, Cay t Fulbeck,

Welburn, Welingore, Navenby, Boothhy, Coleby,

ston, Waddington, and Inhabitants within the City of

Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from the City of Lincoln, and for repairing and widening the Roads

from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road, at the Foot of Bracebridge Bridge, over the said Bridge, Weliward, to the Extremity of the County of Lincoln, near a Place called Potter Hill, and from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road, at the Foot of wicke Hill, Southward, to a Windmill at the Top of the said Hill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive, if so much of the said Bill which relates to the repairing and widening the Roads from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road at the Foot of Bracebridge Bridge, over the said Bridge Weliward, to the Extremity of the County of Lincoln, near a Place called Potterhill, should pass into a Law, the same will

be highly injurious to the Petitioners and the Public: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and permit them to be heard, by their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as relate to the repairing and widening the said Roads from the Termination of the present 1'urnpike Road at the Foot of Bracebridge Bridge, over the said Bridge, West-ward, to the Extremity of the County of Lincoln, near the Place called Pot ter hill, and to grant them such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the time 'fime, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Right honourable William Earl of Harrington, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining

a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Trent, in the Lordships of Sawleyand Ixing Eaton, in the County of Derby, to or near Langley Bridge, in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham; and Setting forth. That the Petitioner and others are Owners of Collieries near to the said intended Canal; and if Communications were made therefrom, to the adjacent Collieries, Limestone Quarries, or other Mines or Minerals, by opening Rail Ways, or other Roads, it would be of great Utility:

And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit. Committee*, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Mr. Knightley presented to the House, according to Mear* Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pallures, Com- Inc mon Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Hears Ashby, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Rejoined, That this House will, at the Riling of the Adjournment House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Mr. Bond reported from the Committee, to whom Poo<e Gat* the Bill for more effectually amending, widening, and Rowb. keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, leading from a Gate in the Town and County of Poole, called Poole Gate ;and for repealing Two Acts of Parliament, of the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Years of his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads; and also for applying a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, towards paving, repairing, and widening, a certain Street or Way, within the said Town and County of Poole, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees named in the several Turnpike Acts herein after mentioned, and being Landholders and Inhabitants residing against and near to the Turnpike Roads herein after likewise mentioned, and being considerable Payers to the Tolls thereof; and also the Petition of several of the Trustees for executing Two Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads therein mentioned, leading from a Gate called Poole Gate, in the Town and County of Poole, and also of several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Dorset, residing upon or near the said Roads, were severally referred;

That the Committee had considered the said Petitions; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s 'Fable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Questiou-severally put thereupon. One of them was cli(agreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: ^And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill, now ingossed, for dividing tec. and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadow's, Incloium Commonable Lands, and Waste Ground, in Nqffington,

Yarwell, Apethorpe, and Woodnezoton, within the Prebend

17 Geo. III. 210 — 24.307

bend or Peculiar of Najfmgton, in the County of Northampton, be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 240 Martii;

Anno 17* Georgii III. U Regis, 1777.

YERS.

Poole Gate A ingrossed Bill for more effectually amending. Road*. JrV widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, leading from a Gate in the Town and County of Poole, called Poole Gate, and for repealing Two Acts of Parliament of the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Years of his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads; and also, for applying a certain Sum of Money therein to be mentioned, towards paving, repairing, and widening, a certain Street or Way, within the said Town and County of Poole, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, leading from a Gate in the Town and County of called Poole Gate; and for repealing Two Acts of Parliament, of the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Years of his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads; and also for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, towards paving and repairing a certain Street or Way, within the said Town and County.

Ordered, That Mr. Bond do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Mailers and Journeymen Felt regulating Makers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, resideut c Trade. jn an(j the City of Bristol, was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are Persons employed in the Art and Myliery of Felt-making, having lawfully served their Apprenticeship thereto, and, by a close Application and lndullry, have been enabled comfortably to support themselves and Families for many Years pall; and that by Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Eighth Year of Queen Elizabeth, and the First Year of King James the First, it is En-nacted, " That no Mailer Manufacturer shall have but " Two Apprentices, besides their own Sons, at one " Time, nor those for lefsTime than Seven Years;" And that the Petitioners have been informed. Application has been made to the House, for a Bill to repeal fitch Parts of the said Acts as relate to the Mailers Manufacturers taking more than Two Apprentices at one Time; and that, by reason of the great Number of Journeymen in the said Trade, many of them are at present wholly unempleyed therein, and are obliged to work in Coal Pits, and to serve as Labourers in other Employments; and that, since the Year 1774, there have been 1,325 Men relieved in the City of Bristol, and County of Gloucester, seeking for Employ; and if the said Acts should be repealed, and the Felt Makers be at Liberty to take what Number of Apprentices they shall think proper, a much greater Number of Journeymen will be unavoidably out of Employ, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners and their Families, and the respective Parishes whereunto they belong: And therefore praying the House, to take their same into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet,

Bhtc. A Petition of the Journeymen Hat and Felt Makers VoL. 3b.

of the City of Chester, and Town of Liverpool, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to regulate the Prices of Labour, the Hours of Working, and the taking of Apprentices, in the Hat Manufactory; and Setting forth, That if the said Bill should pass into a Law in the State in which it now Hands, the Petitioners will be greatly affected and prejudiced thereby:

And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Agents or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that they may have such further Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the last mentioned Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, agaiull the said last mentioned Petition.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and keep- Crook hilt* ing in Repair, the Roads leading from in the

Parish of Chickrell, in the County of Dorset, to the 03 Borough of Bridport, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 28. 1. 30. To leave out from " reasonable"

to " and" in Pr. 29.1. 5.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Crookhill, in the Parish of Chickrell, to the Turnpike Road leading from Bridport to Bridport Harbour, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Dorset.

Ordered, That Mr. Bond do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Kingsley, thereunto subscribed, being the Owners and Proprietors &c.' of several Ancient Tenements and Lands, in the feve- Inclosure. ral Townships of Kingsley, Norley, and Crozvton, within the Manor and Fee of Kingsley, in the County of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons or Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of Kingsley, Newton near Kingsley, Norley, and Crowton, in the Parishes of Fand Weaver-ham, in the County of Chester; and Setting forth. That there are several Clauses and Provisions in the said Bill, which the Petitioners apprehend will, if parted into a Law as they are now drawn, be very injurious to their several Interests and Properties in the said Townships:

And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may effect their Interests, and that they may have such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Skipwith reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Wethe^y

moil Inclosure.

Poole,

&c.

Road.

308

240 Martii.

A. 1777.

inon Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Pa- Road in the Parish of Brianjton, in the said County

rith of WestonUnder Wetheley, in the County of War-

wick, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the

of Dorset, which leads from Forum to Dor-

chester; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, One passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties intituled, "An Act for repairing the Roads from the concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the " Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor " Well Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, and of Oue Yard Land, whose Son gave for answer, that " from thence, in Two Branches (One through Ripley his Father was incapable of transacting any Business, " over Burage Green, and the other through but that he the Son, who is Thirty Years of Age, said " borough and to Ripon, and from

tljat he was very willing the inclosure should go on; and " thence to the First Rill of Water, or Watercourse,

Leeds

to

Ripon

Rtxuls.

that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed eonfilts of Eleven Yard Lands); and that the Committee

" on Hutton Moor, in the County of York, and for repairing the Sloughs or Rutts on the said Moor ;’r

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- and the other, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of his ments thereunto; which they had directed him to re- said Majesty’s Reign, to explain and amend the said

nort to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at tire Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

first-mentioned Act, with respect to those Parts of the said Roads from Harrogate, through Ripley and Ripon, to the North Ealt Corner of Hutton Moor, and from the East End of Kirby Hill Moor to the Town of Ripon aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons or Waste Lands lying in the Parish of in the

Jffvrington

(Surrey)

Nightly

Watch.

County of and also certain Moors called Land

Moor, otherwise Cote Moor, and Gold Corner, lying in Sir Joseph Maicbey reported from the Committee, to or near the said Parish of and in

Huntlpill

and

Coffington

Inclosure-

whom the Bill for lighting and watching the Turnpike Road leading from the Stones End, next Blackman Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary Nezcington, in the County of Surrey, to the Bridge at Walworth, in the same Parish, and the several Roads Ways, and Places, therein described, communicating the rewith, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being respectively Inhabitants and Owners of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Township of Saint Mary,

the said County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Parish of Oldfwinford in the Counties of Worcester and Staffordswithout any Amendment: And

also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing Two Acts made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Twen-

Oldfwinford Small Debts.

Burnt!(land Two Pennies Scotw

ton, in the County of Surrey, and also Inhabitants and tieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for lay-Owners of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within ing a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-Sixth Part Three Furlongs from the North End of the Garden in of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer

Thomas Brandon's Possession, thereafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him

or Ale, vended or sold within the Town of island, and Liberties thereof, for increasing the Public Revenue of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

to report to the House; and he read the Report in his for dividing, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows,

Wimhorpe 1 Inclosure.

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And a Member returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and taken

and Grounds, in the Parish of Winthorpe, in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term, and continuing the Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from a Place called The Golden -

Baghfhot

Road.

and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to mer, near Bagshot, in the County of to

the Laws made for those Purposes;

The said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. lletl:

Mr. Speaker,

The Isol ds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the T$rm, and altering and enlarging several of the Powers, contained in an Act, made

in

bridge Hill, in the County of without any

Amendment: Andall'o.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending and rendering moreefieftual an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign, of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining " and preserving certain Fen I.ands and Low Grounds, " in the several Parishes of Sutton, Mepal, Witcham, " Chatteris, Doddtngton, and a place called Byal Fen, " in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge and " also in the Parishes of Somersham and with ton, in the County of Huntingdon," so far as the same relates to the Fen Lands and Lowr Grounds lying in the Parishes of Sutton, Mepal, Witcham, Chatteris, and a Place called Byal Fen, in the Isle of Elys with-

Sutton, Arc. Drainage.

the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, out any Amendment: And also, so lar as the same relate to the Road from the Turnpike The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Road between the Town and County of Poole and Win- for establishing and confirming Exchanges of divers bourn Minster, in the County of Doij'ct, to the Turnpike Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, 22 fitqate,

Chriff

Coilegr

(Oxford).

Eftite.

AHA

Spencer’s

EAates.

Candlelby

Inclosure,

Metheringham

Inclosure.

Great

Sturton

Inclosure.

Sawley

Navigation.

17 Geo. III. 240 Martii. 309

situate, Handing, lying, and being within the Hamlet " Roads from Chappel Barr, near the West End of of Wight hill, in the Parish of Tack ley, in the County " the Town of Nottingham, to Newhaven, and from

of Oxford, pursuant to Articles of Agreement between " The Four Lane Ends near to

the President and Scholars of Corpus ChristiCollege, in " and from The Post on Moor, to join

the University of Oxford, and Simon Wif dome, Esquire; "the Road leading from Cliefer field to and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which "frith, at or near Long fan, in the County of Derby, the Lords dciire the Concurrence of this House. " and from Self on to Anncjley Woodhouse, in the County

And then the Messengers withdrew. " of Nottingham;" and also the Mortgagees of the

And the said Pill from the Lords was read the First Tolls arising and to be taken upon the Road lead-Time. ing from Nottingham to being the First

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time. District of the aforesaid Turnpike Roads, were referred;

That the Committee had considered the said Peti-An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act tions; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, for vesting in the Right honourable Robert Spencer, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee commonly called Lord Robert Spencer, and the Molt had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-noble George Duke of Marlborough, one of the Knights ments thereunto; which they had directed him to re-Companions of the Molt noble Order of the Garter, port to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and the Heirs and Assigns of the said Duke of Marl-and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, borough, the settled Estates of the said Lord Robert in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Spencer, situate in the County of Lincoln, was read Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One the First Time. by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-

ReJ'olced, That the Bill be read a Second Time. upon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com- making Compensation to Mr. Chambers for a Water mon Fields, Meadows, and other Commonable Lands Mill.

and Grounds, within the Parish of Candlejby, in the And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks,

County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time. which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to Broivnloio Bertie, Sir Cecil Wray, &c.: And they are be made Pari of the Bill.

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Speaker’s Chamber. ingrossed.

( \

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Coim Mr. Spencer Stanhope reported from the Committee, Halifax

mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, Heath and to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road and

Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Me- from the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the theringham, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second County of York, to the Town of Sheffield, in the same Time. Riding, was committed; and to whom the Petition of

Ref deed, That the Bill be committed to Lord the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others, whose

Broxadow Bertie, Sir Cecil Wray, See.:And they Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of them-are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in selves and others, residing in and near the Town of the Speaker’s Chamber. Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York,

was referred; That the Committee had considered the A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf- Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Com-tures, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several of Great Sturton, in the County of Lincoln, was read Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him a Second Time. to report to the House; and he read the Report in

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Broionloxe Bertie, Sir Cecil Wray, &c.: And they are Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Speaker’s Chamber. Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question

severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to Lord George Cat-end if 1reported from the Committee, several of them, agreed to by the House. to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a navi- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be gable Cut, or Canal, from the River Trent, in the ingrossed.

Lordships of Sawley and Long Eaton, in the County of Derby, to or near Langley Bridge, in the Counties of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Charitable Derby r.mi\ Nottingham, was committed; and to whom to oblige the Minister and Churchwardens, or other Donations,

the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are proper Officers, in every Parish and Place within that

thereunto subscribed, being acting Trustees under an Part of Great Britain called England, to make Returns

Act of Parliament made and passed in the Fourth Year upon Oath of all Charitable Donations for the Benefit

of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the of Poor Persons within such respective Parishes or

Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening Places; distinguilliing as far as may be by whom,

" the Road from Bramcotc Odd House, in the County when, and in what Manner, and for what Purposes,

" of Nottingham, to The Cross Pof upon Smalley given; likewise whether such respective Donations were

" Common, in the County of Derby, and from Ilkistone in Land or Money, and in whom now veiled, and what

to the Towns of Heanor and Shipley, in the said is the Annual Produce thereof respectively: And that

" County of Derby, and from Trowell, in the County Mr. Gilbert, the Lord Weficote, Mr. James Grenville,

" of Nottingham, to the Town of Nottinghamand and Sir George Howard, do prepare, and bring in, the also the Mortgagees of the Tolls arising and to be fame, taken upon the said Turnpike Road; and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereuntc-. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Naflington, subscribed, being acting Trustees under an Act of Reading of the ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing ^c-

Parliament made and passed in the 31st Year of the the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Common- ‘woaw*

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, able Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Naffington, -

intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the well, Apethorpe, and Woodnewton, within the Prebend

VroL. 36. 4 K dr

3io 240 Martii. A. 1777.

or Peculiar of Naffmgton, in the County of Northampton, he now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House being informed that no Counsel attended;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, That nothing therein contain, cd shall extend to affect the Ecclesiastical Rights of the Prebendary of Naffmgton.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 13. 1. 24. To leave out from the First "of" to

" in," in 1. 25, and insert " all " the other Imids and Grounds," instead thereof.

Pr. 38. I. 31. After " any" to insert " Deed."

Pr. 39. 1. 16. After "Remainders" to insert "Powers."

Pr. 64. 1. 4. After "Bounds" to insert "and."

1. 5. To leave out " and Jurisdictions."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Naffngtoti, Yarwel and

neieton, within the Prebend or Peculiar of Naffmgton, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Knightley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Feoffees and Trustees of an Estate, in the County of Middlesex, given bySheriff, for the founding and maintaining aSchool and Almshouses, at Rugby, in the County of Warwick, to fell Part of the said Estate, or to grant Leases thereof, or of any Part thereof, and to effectuate the other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elites, Lord Broionlow Bertie, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the' Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where' the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Two hundred Ninety-five thousand Eight hundred Thirty-two Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Six Pence Three Farthings, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the Fifth Day of January 1777, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which hadjhen arisen of the Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

lutleigh,

&c.

Drainage.

Wotton’s

Will.

Ordered, That the Bill for the more effectual draining and preserving certain Low Lands, Grounds, Moors, and Commons, in the several Parishes or Chapelrics of Butleigli, Street, Glaston Saint John, Glajton Saint Benedict, Walton, Ashcott, Shapwick, Aloorlinch, Catcott, Chilton, Cujfmgton,

Woolavington, 1'IuntJ'pill, Eaf Brent, South Brent, Mark Wedmore, Meare, Burnham, Badgioorth, Biddisham,

Chapel Allerton, Were, Puriton, Paiclet, and the Out-Parish of Saint Cuthbert in Wells, near the River

in the County of Somerset, be read a Second Time upon this Day Two Months.

Mr. Medley reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to discharge certain Copyhold Premises in the Parish of Jle/lon, in the County of Middlesex, from the Uses and Trulls thereof, declared by the Will of Mary Wot ton, deceased; and to subject and discharge the same Copyhold Premises, and also certain Freehold Lands lying contiguous thereto, within the said Parish, with the Payment of a perpetual Yearly Rent-Charge of Twelve Pounds to the Reverend John Gibson, Clerk, and his Successors, Vicars of the said Parish, for the Use of the Poor of the same Parish; and for settling and alluring the same Premises so charged, in the Trustees of Rupert Clarke, Esquire, upon the Trulls therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed hint to re port the Bill to the House, without-.any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Medley do carry the Bill to the Lords: and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

lb

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-six thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds Eleven Shilling and Eight Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of a Regiment of Chas-feurs, the Troops of the Landgrave of Htfj'c in

the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, pursuant to the Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Sixteen thousand Three hundred and Twenty-six Pounds Ten Shilling's and One Penny Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of a Regiment of Chasseurs of JIanau, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Thirty-nine thousand Five hundred and Eighty-eight Pounds Two Shillings and Four Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Twelve hundred and Eighty-five Men, the Troops of the Margrave of Anfpach, including Artillery, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, pursuant ^to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Three hundred and Ninety Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four Pence Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, to

make

Sheri IPs Charity.

Way* and Means,

Supply-

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Welford

Inclosure.

Gnmfton’t

Estates.

17 Geo. III. 24* — 250 Martii. 311

make good a Deficiency in the Sums voted last Session of Parliament, for the Charge of Chafieurs, the Troops of the Landgrave of HeJJ'e Cuff'd, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, to the 24th Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy iix.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Sill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir James Pennyman do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The other Orders of the Day being read; A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Mews Ashby

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Com- Inclosure. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the mon Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Shears to His Majesty. Ashb in the County of was read a

Second Time.)

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Knight-Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the ley, Mr. &c.: And they are to meet this Af-

whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham-for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. ber.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrow1 Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy 25. die Martii;

Anno 170 Georgii III"* Regis, 1777.

pRA VF.RS.

A PETITION of Richard Vicar of the

Parish and Parish Church of Welford, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Bill is depending in the House for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Places, in the said Parish of Welford; and the Petitioner apprehends, that, tliould the said Bill pass into a Law as it is now drawn, he will be materially injured in his Pro-

iertv, as the Allotment proposed to be given to him in ieu of his Small Tythes will not be proportionable to the Adv antages which will arise to the rest of the Proprietors upon the said Inclosure: And therefore praying, That he may b# heard, by himself or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect his Property, and have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commonable Places of and within the Parish o in the County of Northampton, is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upouhis Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Sir James Pennyman reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Robert Grim fori, Esquire, at Pintring and Oclon, in the Parish

of 'Placing upon the Woulds, in the East Riding of the County of York, in the said Robert Grimfon, in Fee Simple; and for settling an Ellate of the said Robert Grimfon, in the Township of Nijicick, in the Parish of Bainton, in the said East Riding of the County of York, of greater Value, in Lieu thereof; and for other Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of Voj,. 30.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the several Parishes and Liberties of Whillon, Norton, and Brockhall, or in.

some or one of them, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

ley, Mr. Powys, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Townships, Villages, or Hamlets, of Carle (on, Brifco, and Wreay, within the Manor or Lordship of other-

wife Prior Lordship, in the Parishes of Cuthbert Carlisle, and Saint Mary Garlife, in the County of Cumberland, was read the Third Time.

An ingossed ClauSfl^vas olfered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Rydef for making Agreements for allowing Allotmen' ls q.-Of the inclosed Lands for the Tythes of the old Inclblures.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upoit the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Townships, Villages, or Hamlets, of Carleton, Brifco, and Wreay, within the Manor or Lordship of Botchardgate, otherwise Prior Lords dp, in the Parishes of Saint Cuthbert Carlisle, and Saint Mary Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. Fletcher do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Commonable Grounds within the Parish of Gilmor-ton, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -gerford, Mr. Knightley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Kilborn, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of Burroivcs, pursuant to the Will of John Burroives, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. gerford, Mr. Knightley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for amending and rendering more effectual the several Laws now in being, for the more effectual

preventing

Whilton,

&C.

Inclosure*

Carleton*

&c.

Inclosure.

Gilmortoa

Inclosure.

Kilborn

Nsun*

Hat, bee.

Manufacture*!

preventing

Frauds.

313 35* Martiu . 1777.

preventing of Frauds and Abuses by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the "Woollen, Linen, Fuiiian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Furr, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures; and also for making Provisions to prevent Frauds by Journeymen Dyers, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Harbord Harbord, Mr. Bacon,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Monmouth Mr. Morgan reported from the Committee, to whom Road*. the gin to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the several Roads therein mentioned, leading to, through, and from the Town of , was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made , several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

fcralthwaite’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Pivorce. to dissolve the Marriage of John Esquire,

with Elizabeth Browne, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this Houfia will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 8th Day of Apr4 next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole* Hot fe, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Infthfftion to the said Committee, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Coun-' fel, or produce Witnesses.

Thames An ingrossed Bill for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, Navigation. an{j Commons, of the City of London, to purchase the present Tolls and Duties payable for navigating upon the River Thames, Westward of London Bridge, within the Liberties of the City of London, and for laying a small Toll in Lieu thereof, for the Purpose of more effectually completing the said Navigation, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, to purchase the present Tolls and Duties payable for navigating upon the River Thames, Westward of London Bridge, within the Liberties of the City of London , and for laying a small Toll, in Lieu thereof, for the Purpose of more effectually compleating the said Navigation; and for other Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Oliver do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Kensington A Bill for the better Relief, Employment, Regulars* Sec. tion, and Government, of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary Abbot Is, Kensington, in the County of Mid-d/ej’ex, and for building a Workhouse for the Reception of the said Poor; and also for enabling the Trustees for the Time being of certain Charity Estates, belonging to the said Parish, to grant Leases thereof, and to ma-

nage and improve the fame, and apply the Rents and Profits thereof, in the Manner therein mentioned; and for explaining and amending an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to impower the Churchwardens, Overseers of " the Poor, and Vestry, of the Parish of " in the County of Middleje.r, to make a Rate, or " Rates, for the Relief of the Poor, and the better repairing of the Highways, and cleansing the Streets,

" within the said Parish," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alder- ' man Wilkes, Mr. Frederick Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for varying and enlarging the Powers of an Chefief Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of I lis ^avl£allOB* present Majesty, for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to or near Middlewich and,

in the County of Chester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

ham Bootle, Mr. Grosvenor, &e.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Bouit«n and Common Field and Commonable Lands, lying Inck>sure. within the Townships and Liberties of Great and Little Bourton, in the Parish of Cropredy, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field and Commonable Lands, lying within the Townships and Liberties of Great Bourton, and Little Bourton, in the Parish of Cropredu, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. Page do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term, and alter- FinforfBridg* ing the Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the to Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from The " Cross of Hand, near FinJ’ord Bridge, in the County " of Warwick, through the down of Southam, in the " same County, to the Borough of Banbury, in the " County of Oxford; and from The Guide in the " Village of Adderbury, in the same County, through " Kidlington, to the Mileway, leading towards the City " of Oxford and also the Road leading from a Place

" called The Two Mile Tree, near the City of Oxford,

" over Gosford, otherwise Goffard Bridge, to a certain " Gate entering upon Wejion on the Green, in the said " County ;" so far as relates to that Part of the said Roads which leads from The Guide in the Village of Adderbury, through Kidlington, to The Mileway leading towards the City of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term, and altering the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, lor repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Warwick and Oxford, so far as relates to the Road from The Guide Post in the Village of Adderbury, through Kidlington, to The Mileway leading towards the City of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. Page do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Coucummce.

Mr. Barrow presented to the House, according Severn

to Order, a Bill for re-building the Bridge over. B

the River Severn, at MuiJ'emore, near the City of n,u‘

Obucfl;.-r

j Screen,

17 Geo. III. . 25° Martiu 313

Gloucester; for repairing and making commodious Ox er’s Causeway, leading from the said City towards

Maifemore itforesaid; for amending and altering the Bridge over another Branch of the said River near The WestGate of the said City; and so^ enforcing the proper paving and cleansing of the several Streets within the said City; and for removing Xuifances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future: And the same was received; and read the First Tune.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bicwtoa Mr. Phelipsreported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and

enlarging the Powers, of an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from and near the Town of Brewton, in the County of Somerset; and for repairing and widening the Street from the North End of Coombe Street, to the South Eall Side of , in the said

Town of Breivton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him. to report to the I Ioufe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question , ' Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Tibfhelf An ingrossed Bill for dividing, inclefing, and im-Jndolure. proving, certain Commons, Lands, and Grounds, in the Township. of Tibjhclf, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, certain Commons, Lands, and Grounds, in the Town-ftiip of Tibjhelf, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Polhill do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bedford Sir Sampson Gideon presented to the I Ioufe, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for preserving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and the several Navigations through the fame; and for imposing Taxes on the Lands within the said Levels, and laying Tolls on the Goods conveyed by the said Navigations, in order to raise further necessary Funds for those Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act tes" to enable Thomas Asjheton Smith, Esquire, and William Henry Asjheton Smith, his Brother, to grant Building, Improving, and other Leases of the Estates, devised by the Will of William Smith, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second Time. 1

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Townshend, Sir George Savile, And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed, that Mr. Samuel Wright, who is a material Witness to prove the Allegations of the said Bill, was obliged to go out of Town, to attend the Assizes at Chester and in North and that it

would be therefore extremely inconvenient to him to be kept in Town to attend the Committee on the said Bill;

Ordered, That Leave be given for the Committee, Vol. 36.

to whom the said Bill is committed,- to meet and fit Tomorrow Morning, for the Purpose only of receiving the Evidence of the said Samuel Wright.

Ordered, That Sir George Savil be added to the Kirkby Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, kavensworth a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Lady nc 0 ure* Frances Legard, Mrs. Henrietta Digby, and Mrs. Lucy OJbaldifton, Ladies of the Manors of Ravensworth, -

by Ravensworth and Whajhton, in the Parish of Kirkby Ravensworth aforesaid, in the North Riding of the County of York sWilliam Welbanke, Esquire, Thomas Comforth, Gentleman, John Allen, Thomas Mathew Raine, William Wilkinfbti, Isaac Smith, John

Blackburne, Joseph Walker, and others,. Owners of Lands in the said Townships.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according Ditto, to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing Three several Jjloors or Commons, called L010 Gaiherley Moor,

Moor Holme, and The High Moor, fttuate in the several ToWuships of Kirkby Ravensworth, Ravenfworth, and Whajhton, in the Parish of Kirkby Ravensworth, in the North Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according. Newflwm to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common^ Iadofure. and Waste Lands, and a Stinted Pasture, in the Town--Hi ip of Newfham, in the North Riding of the County of York; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Broughton’* for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Sir Thomas Elate. Broughton, Baronet, situate in the County of and purchasing other Estates, situate in the County of Chester, to be settled to the same Uses; and for extinguishing the said Sir Thomas Broughton's Power of making Leases for Lives, as to Part of his settled Estate in the County of Chester, and making such Rc-compence to him for the same as therein is mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ord,

Sir Thomas Clavering, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lord Brmonlow Bertie presented to the House, ae* Brampton cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing "clofuw. certain Open Fields, Meadows,' Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Liticoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Billinghay Fields, Meadows, Dales, and Common Fen, within the Drainage, Parish of Billinghay, in the County of Lincoln; and for &c* draining and preserving the said Dales and Common Fen, and also certain inclosed Low' Lands thereto adjoining, in the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brown-low Bertie, Mr. Frederick Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Right honourable William Earl Ditto. Fitzwilliam, Owner and Proprietor of Lands, in the Parish of Billinghay, in the County of Lincoln, on Behalf of himself and other Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the same Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said BilJt; and.

Setting forth. That Part of the Banks of the River Witham, KymeEau, and Billinghay Skirths, adjoin to

4L the

1 <4 2 56 Mar Hi. 1777.

the Dales, Fen, and inclosed Low Lands, intended to be drained by the said Bill; and that, unless the said Banks are properly made and completed, the Proprietors cannot drain and improve the said Lands; and that an Act was passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Low Lands, called The Fens, lying on both Sides of the River Witham, in the County of and for re-

storing and maintaining the Navigation of the said River from the High bridge, in the City of Lincoln, through the Borough of Bofion, to the Sea; and that such Parts of the Banks of the said River Witham, Eau,

and Billinghay Skirths, as adjoin to the said Dales, Fen,

and indofed Low Lands, are Part of the Works directed to be done by the Commissioners appointed by the said Act; and that the Banks agaitift the said Dales, Fen, and inclosed Low Lands, were in Part made some Years ago by the said Commissioners, but, being left incomplete, the same are daily going to Decay; and until the said "Works are finished, the Estate of the Petitioner and others, within the said Dales, Fep, and inclosed Low Lands, mull remain in their present unimproved State; and there is great Reason to believe the said Commissioners do not intend to complete the said Works within any reasonable Time; and that the said Dales are now chargeable with a Tax of Eight Pence an Acre, and the said Common Fen with a Tax of Four Pence an Acre, by virtue of the said Act; and that, When the same are inclosed and used in Severalty, the Whole will be chargeable with a Tax of One Shilling ah Acre, being the same Tax that is now paid for all the melofed Low Lands within the said Parish; which said additional Tax will produce an annual Increase to the Income of the said Commissioners of £. 110, or thereabouts, to be applied towards the general Works of Drainage; which said Sutn, together with the Rates now payable upon the Lands within the Lordship of ' Billinghay, will amount to the annual Sum of £. 260, or thereabouts; and that, in order to forward the general Works of Drainage, and to drain and improve the said Dales, Fen, and inclosed Low Lands, the Petitioner is desirous that he and the other Owners of the said Dales, Fen, and inclosed Low Lands, may be enabled !o make and complete the Banks and Works aforesaid; and that the Money they thall expend in completing the same may be repaid to them by the said Commissioners within a reasonable Time after the same shall be completed: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Provision may be made in the said Bill, for draining and improving the said Dales, Fen, and inclosed Low Lands, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr.

Bemjon, ice.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clodc, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. *

tAogiibcrouth Mr. Hungerfordreported from the Committee, to

D^L, whom tho Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of R«adZ Two Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Loughborough, in the County of to

flie Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, so far as the same relate to the Road from Loughborough to Cavendish Bridge; and for amending and keeping in

Repair the Road from the South East End of Loughborough aforesaid, through Leicester Lane, Part of Wood-gate Ilighgate, and Swan Street, to The Rujhes, at the N# -h West End of the said Town of , was

ao

committed; That the Committee’had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. , .

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Tea; Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King preventing George the Second, intituled, "An Act to prevent Abuses‘ u Frauds in the Revenue of Excise, with respect to Starch, Coifee, Tea, and Chocolate," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Le&ve be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual Prevention of the manufacturhig of Ash, Elder, Sloe, and other Leaves, in Imitation of Tea; and to prevent Frauds in the Revenue of Excise, in respect to Tea: And that Mr. James Grenville and Sir Harbord Harbord do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act OCman’s for veiling the Undivided Moiety of the Reverend Henry Estate, Oftnan, Clerk, and Mary his Wife, of and in certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of King’s Langley, in the County of Hertford, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying Part of the Money arising by such Sale in Discharge of an Incumbrance upon the said Moiety; and for laying out the Residue thereof in the Purchase of entire Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, to be settled in Lieu thereof, to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Strahan, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That thelSeleft Committee appointed to Gloucdfev try the Merits of the Petition of the Honourable George Ejection. Cranfield Berkeleyjand also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freeholders and Electors of the County of Gloucester, for and On Behalf of themselves, and all other Freeholders of the same County, severally complaining of an uuduo Election and Return for the said County, have Leave, during the next Recess for the Easter Holidays, to meet at the House of any Member of the said Committee, for the Purpose of Adjournment only.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Brownrtt

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^e^t upon the Bill to enable the Commissioners for executing Crown,

the Oflice of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to make an Agreement, or Composition, with the several Sureties of William Brown, and the Representatives of such of the said Sureties as are dead, for a Debt regaining due from them to the Crown, on several Tobacco Bonds entered into and executed by such Sureties, respectively; and that they and their Estates and Effects may be acquitted and discharged therefrom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 8th Day of April next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for receiving Workington

Harbour.

Cattle;

Exemption from Toll.

Halifax,

Ac.

Roads.

Ayfgarth

Inctofure.

Fremington

Inclosure.

17 Geo. III. 25" — 26° Martii.

3i5

the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, enlarging, deepening, preserving, and improving, the Harbour of Win the County of Cumberland, and for discharging certain Debts already contracted on Account of the said Harbour, was committed;

Mr. Fletcher accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be now read.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Report was read.

And the Petition of Sir James Lowther, Baronet, wgs also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner was heard; and examined several Witnesses in Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, and went through the Evidence for the Petitioner.

Then the Counsel for the Bill was heard; and examined several Witnesses, and went through the Evidence in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

And the Coujifel for the Petitioner having been heard, by Way of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy a 6* die Martii;

Anno 17* Georgii III*" Regis, 1777.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. Hett:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for limiting the Exemptions from Toll (granted by any Act or Acts of Parliament for repairing Turnpike Roads) on Account of Cattle going to and from Water or Failure; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending, the Roads from the Town of Halifax, and from Bridge, in the County of York, by Todmorden, to Burnley and Little-borough, in the County of without any

Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing Afygarth and Ayfgarth

Moor or Common, in the Township and Parish of Ayfgarth, in the North Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing F and Frem-

ington Moor, and certain Waste Grounds, in the Township of Fremington, in the Parish of Grinton, in the North Riding of the County of York s without any {Amendment: And also,

VOL. 36.

Derby

to

Bralfington

Road.

Lower

Compton

to

Axminster

Roads.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bugthorp* for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Inclosurer Stinted Failures, within the Township of in

the County of York, and for exempting the Lands^ Tenements, and Frontsteads, within the Parish of Bugr thorpe, from the Piiyment of Tythes, and other Ecclesiastical Dues; and for other Purposes therein contained; without any Amendment: And also, '

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing so much of Three Acts, made in the Eleventh, Seventeenth, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, as relates to the Road leading from the North Side of Cavendish Bridge, in the said County of Derby, through the said Town of Derby, tp Brajington, in the said County; and for making more effectual Provision for the Repair of the said Road; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from The Halfway House, in the Parish of Lotoer Compton, in the County of Dorset, through the Towns of Yeovil, Crewkerne, and Chard, to the East End of the Town of Axminster, in the County of Devon, and several other Roads round the Town of Yeovil, in the County of Somerset;and for amending Two Roads leading from Vagg Hollow, in the Parish of Yeovil, and the Road from Chard to Cheesezvay and from White

Down to Perry Street in Chard, and from thence to the Turnpike Road, near Tylherleigh Inn, in the said County of Dorset; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, Walling fen, in the Haft Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, inclosing, aligning, and allotting, the Open and Common Field, and Commonable Land, , lying within the liberties. Territories, and Precincts, of Ludgerjhali, in the County of Buckingham; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Annuities, to restrain the railing of Money by the Sale of Life Annuities; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Wallingfen

InclQlure.

Ludgershall

Indofure-

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Curfon’* to enable John Bamewall Curfon, Esquire, to Settle a Marriage, Jointure upon any Woman or Women he may hereaf- Settlement, ter many, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Whitworth, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of th§ Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers Monmouth of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Roads. Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the several Roads therein mentioned, leading to, through, and from the Town of Monmouth, was-read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title,

be. An Act to enlarge the Term and Power of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, leading to, through, and from, the Town of Monmouth.

Ordered, That Mr. Morgan do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom

the

316 ^6° Mar H 1,777.

' the Petition of several Owners of Houses and Lands, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Handi/> being examined, said, That it is pro-

Sofed to build Two new Streets leading from Virginia treet to Old Gravel Land also another new Street

from Broad Street into Pennington; and that the Lands and Grounds upon which the same are to be built are the Property of Lord Viscount Torrington, and William Farrington, Esquire, who propose to build the said Streets; and that it will be necessary Provision should be made for paving the said Streets, together

with Hermitage Yard, Round-about Green Broad Street, Anchor and Hope , Milk Alley, and the several Lanes and Passages leading into the fame, which would be of very great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Streets, the same being at present very ill paved, and rendered incommodious by Polls and other Annoyances, Obstructions, and Incroachments.

Mr. John Luntley, Agent to Lord Viscount Torrington, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for opening Communications from Wapping Street to Ratcliff by widening the

South West End of Bird Street, and by building a new Street from Bird Street, across certain Fields or Gardens, to John's Hill, in Ratcliff Ilighioay aforesaid; and another new Street, from Wapping Street aforesaid, through Globe Yard, Sampson's Gardens, and from thence to Artichoke Hill, in Ratcliff Highway aforesaid; and another new Street from Old Gravel Lane, through JuhnJbn's Street, and from thence to Virginia Street , and for paving the said intended Streets, and also Hermitage Street, Sampson's Gardens, Artichoke Lane, Virginia Street, Pennington Street, John's Hill, Artichoke Hill, Bird Street, Princes Square, and the several Lanes, Avenues, and Passages leading into ^he said Streets and Square, and the Footway in Cannon Street, all in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of and for removing and preventing all Annoyances and Incroachments therein, is committed; that they have Power to make Proviliion in the said Bill, for paving certain Streets intended to be built, within the Parish of Saint George, Middlesex, and also Hermitage Yard,

Round-about-way, Green Bank, Broad Street, Anchor and Hope Alley, Milk Alley, and the several Lancs and Passages leading into the fame, all in the said Parish; and for removing and preventing all Annoyances, Incroach-tnents, and Obit ructions, in the said Streets and other Places.

Archbishop An ingrossiM Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Canterb ’* *° ena^e the Archbishop of Canterbury and Daniel Lease*. JPonton, Esquire, to grant building Leases, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Tea. Mr. James Grenville presented to the House, accord-preventing ing to Order, a Bill for the more effectual Prevention Abuse*. of the manufacturing of Alh, Elder, Sloe, and other Leaves, in Imitation of Tea; and to prevent Frauds in the Revenue of Excise, in respect to Tea: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Birmingham Mr. Skipwish presented to the House, according to Tbcttre. Order, a BUI for enabling His Majesty to liceqfe a Play

48.

28.

house in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick: and the same was' received.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be now read the First Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Five " Months."

And the Question being put. That the Word " now" Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas wont forth.

Teller, for the YeaJ

(Sir Henry Bridgman:

Tellers for the Now, if WaiamBagot,

I Sir rlenry Gough:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That the said Bill be now* read a First Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, which was presented to the House upon the i yth Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill, be brought in, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to license a Theatre at Birmingham-, and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the licensing a Theatre in the Town of Birmingham will be disagreeable to the major Part of the Inhabitants, and prejudicial to the Interest and Trade of the said Town: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and-permit them to be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar, and to grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Three Weeks, the 22d Day of April next.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill so.r dividing and inclosing the Common or Waste Ground called Moor,

or Shapwick Turf Moor, in the Pari ill of Shapwick, in the County of SomerJ'et, is committed.

Mr. Abel Smith presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for scouring and cleansing the Rivers Welland and Glenn, in the County of and for

making a navigable Cut from the South West End of a Salt Marsh, adjoining to Surfleet Common, to or near Fosdike Inn, in the same County; and for building a Bridge over the East End of the said Cut; and for rendering the Passage over the Wash at Fosdike aforesaid, safe and commodious: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into

a Committee

Birmingham

Theatre*

Shapwick

Inclosure,

Welland

and

Glenn

Navigator*

Promissory Note?, Scq

17 Geo. III. 26° — 27° Martii. % 17

A Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further restraiuing the Negotiation of Promissory Notes, and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir George Saviletook the Chair of the Committeo.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Sevennight, the 8th Day of next.

Workington Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Harbour, further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, enlarging, deepening, preserving, and improving, the Harbour of Workington, in the county of ,

and for discharginjf certain Debts already contracted on Account of the said Harbour, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necefliry to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Birmisgtem A Petition of many of the principal Inhabitants of Theatre. {]ie Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for enabling His Majesty to license a Playhouse in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; and setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive a licensed Playhouse would be convenient and agreeable to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and to great Numbers of People of Fortune and Distinction residing within the Neighbourhood thereof, or resorting the reto: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Silk The other Orders of the Day being read;

Manufacture. Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Sevennight, the 8th Day of next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further continuing an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to " prohibit the Importation of Foreign-wrought Silks u and Velvets for a limited Time, and for preventing " unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture."

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort-ad Means, night, the 9th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 9th Day of next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 36.

yovis, 2 jo die Martii;

Anno 17* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1777.

PftAYERS.

SIR Edward AJllcy presented to the House, accord- Fehhorpe ing to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Inclosure. closing, the Dole or Heath Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Fcltliorpe, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Ix>rd Beauchamp presented to the House, ac- Halton cording to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and hiclosure. inclosing, a certain Common or Waste Ground, called Halton Moor, in the Township of Halton, in the Manor of Templeneicfam, in the Parish of in the

West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the Adjournment House this Day, adjourn till Tuesday Sevennight, the 8th Day of April next.

A Petition of Andrew Robinson Bowes, Esquire, N*wc*flle was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, "P00 Tvn* That, at the last Election of a Member to serve in £lea, on* Parliament for the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in the room of Sir Walter Blackett, Baronet, deceased.

Sir John Trevelyan, Baronet, and the Petitioner were Candidates; and that the said Sir John Trevelyan, and divers other Persons, on his Behalf, and by his Direction, did, by giving Money and other Rewards, by Promises of Money and other Rewards, and by Threats and other unwarrantable Proceedings, prevail upon several Persons to give their Votes at the said Election, for the said Sir John Trevelyan, who otherwise would have voted for the Petitioner; and did thereby also prevail upon several Persons to withhold their Votes at the said Election, who otherwise would have voted for the Petitioner; and that, in the Course of the said Election, James Thomas Loraine, Esquire, then Sheriff of the said Town, the Returning Officer, admitted several Persons, not qualified to vote at the said Election, to poll for the said Sir John Trevelyan; and refilled the Votes of several Persons, who had an undoubted Right to vote, and offered to poll for the Petitioner; and that, by those and other illegal Practices, the said Sir John Trevelyan hath been unduly elected and returned, to the manifest Injury of the Petitioner, and in Violation of the Freedom of Election: And therefore praying the House will take his same into Consideration, and grant him such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 22d Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum,

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the lothand 1 ith Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, , or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Coun-fel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifiite his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons,' Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Mr. Storer reported from the Committee, to whom Brampton the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the feve- inclosure.

4 M ral

Nairn

ind

Cromartie

Writ.

Varlam

Inclosure.

Kilbmarih

Inclosuie.

a 70 Martii.

A. 1777.

ral Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying within the Manor and Parish of Bra, in the County of Cumberland, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands in the said Parish of the Annual Value of

189. 15V. o d.who had been applied to, but had sent no Answer; and that the Annual Value of all the Lands in the said Parish amount to £.2,812. od.;

and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr.* Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shires of Naim and Cromar-tie, in the room of Cosmo Go, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Shires, hath accepted the Office of One of the Barons of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

M r. Storer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying within the Manor and Parish of Farlani, in the County of Cumberland, wascommitted ;That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fhme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Person, whose Pro-' perty in the said Inclosure is of the Annual Value of £. 1. ioj.; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed is of the Annual Value of £.797. 15/. ,* and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Curzon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Arable Lands, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of KillamarJIi, in the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, rela-

tive to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and ibund the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor* of 80 Acres and 6 Tofts, who could not be met with;

and that the whole Property in the Lands and Grounds intended to be inclosed eonlifts of 11G9 Acres and 77 l ofts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

A Meftage by Sir Francis Gentleman

Usher of the Black Rod.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned; ’

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of I lis Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned and also hnpowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Privy Seal, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.'

An Act for dividing the Chafe of in the

Comity of Middlesex, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for limiting the Exemptions from Toll (granted by any Act or Acts of Parliament, for repairing Turnpike Roads) on Account of Cattle going to and from Water or Pasture:

An Act for continuing tw-o Acts, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King the First, and in the

Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale, vended or sold, within the Town of and Liberties thereof, for increasing the Public Revenue of the said Town; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for continuing for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Ad-measureinent of Coals sold by Wharf Measure, within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and between Tozuer Dock and Umeho Isole, in the County of Middlesex:

An Act for the more easy and fpCedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, Guifcky, Calterity, Bailey,

Mir field, Hartishead cum Clifton, , Kirkhea-

ton, Kirkburfon, and Huddersfield, and the Lordlliip qr Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York;and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Courts Baron of the Honour of PoManor of JTake-feld, and Manor of Bingley, in the said County:

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Parish of Old Sioinford, in the Counties of Worcester and:

An Act for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the Counties of York, Lancader, and Chester:

A»

Royal Assent to Sills.

17 Geo. III. 2 70 Martii. 319

An Act for building a Bridge across the River from or near a Place called P Eddy, in the Parish of Brofeley, to or near a Place called The Sheep

in the Parish of SultanMaddock, in the County of Salop; and for making proper Roads and Avenues to and from the same:

An Act to enable I Its Majesty to Iicenfc a Theatre in the City of Chester:

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An " Act for draining and preferring certain Fen Lands " and Low Grounds, in the several Parillics of " Sutton, Mepal, ITitcham, Chatteris, and

" a Place called BydlFen, in the Isle of Ely and County " of Cambridge, and also in the Parities of " and Pidleywith Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon," so far as the same relates to the Fen I^ands and Low Grounds lying in the Parishes of Sutton, Mepal, ITitcham, Chatteris, and a Place called Fen, in the I lie of Ely:

An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts passed in the Fourteenth and Twenty-sixth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road leading from Eland to the Town of Leeds, in the M’eft Riding of the County of York:

An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of Tlarnham llill, iv.rr the City of New Saritm, in the County of Wilts, through the T*owns of Forum

and Dorchester, to a certain Intrenchment on

Hi!!, in the County o i Dorset; and from The Index on the Side of llarnham Hill aforesaid, to a House called Maj/er Baker's Farm House, in the said County of Wilts:

An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts, to a Place where the Roads to and Bristol divide; and from the Town of Frome to the Town of Bcckington, in the County of Somerset; and for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads; and for' repairing the Road from or near The Red Lion, in the Parish of JToolvert„n,in the said County of Somerset,

to Rode Bridge, and from the said Bridge to the Turnpike Road leading from Trowbridge, by White Trough, to Reekingtonaforesaid:

An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from Brent Bridge, in the County of Devon, to GajkiugGate, in or near the Borough of Plymouth, in the said County:

An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and w idening several Roads in the Counties of and

Devon, leading to the Borough of Saltafi, in the County of Conneall:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Twro Acts of Parliament, one passed in, the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the " Roads from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood,

" to the South Well Corner of the inclosures of Harrogate, and from thence, in Two Branches (One

" through Ripley over Burage Green, and the other " through Knarefunvughand Boroughbridge) to Ripon,

" and from thence to the First Rill of Water or Watercourse on Hutton Moor, in the County of York,

" and for repairing the Sloughs or Rutts on the said " Moor;" and the other passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of his said M.a jesty’s Reign, to explain and amend the said fnll-mentioned Act, with respect to those Parts of the said Roads from Harrogate, through Ripley and Yol. 36.

Ripon, to the North East Corner of Hutton and

from the East End of Kirby Hill Moor to the Town of

Ripon aforesaid:

An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and from the Towns of Bala and Dongelley, in the County of Merioneth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery, Denbigh, and Salop:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty-second Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, leading into the Town of Leominster, in the County of Hereford:

An Act for enlarging the Term, and continuing the Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from a Place called The Golden Farmer, near Bagshot, in the County of Surrey, to Hertfordbridge Hill, in the County of Southampton:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging several of the Powers, contained in an Act, . made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of 11 is present. Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road from the Turnpike Road between the Town and County of Poole, and Winbourn Minster, in the County of Dorset, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of in the said County of Dorset, which leads from Bland ford Forum to Dorchester:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Skiplon, to the Turnpike Road leading from Leeds to Rijxm, near Okbeck, in the Township of Biltort with Harrogate, and from thence to communicate with the Road leading from Knaresborough to in

the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Bucks, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road from the Wgft End of the Town of Wendover to the End of a Lane called Oak Lane, next the great Road called The Oxford Road; and also Half a Mile of Road, next from the River Colne, towards Beconsfield, in the said County: .

An Act for repealing so much of Three Acts, made in the Eleventh, Seventeenth, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, as relates to the Road leading from the North Side of Cavendijft Bridge, in the said County of Derby, through the said Town of Derby, to Braffington, in the said County; and for making more effectual Provision for the Repair of the said Road:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from The Halfway House, in the Parish of Lower Compton, in the County of Dorset, through the Towns oi Yeovil, Crew kerne, and to the East

End of the Town of Axminster, in the County of Devon, and several other Roads round the Town of Yeovil, in the County of Somerset; and for amending Two Roads, leading from Vagg Hollow, in the Parish of Yeovil, and the Road from Chard to Cheefcivay Ash, and from White Down to Perry Street, in Chard, and from thence to the Turnpike Road near Tytherleigh Inn, in the said County of Dorset:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending, the Roads from the Town of Halifax, and from Sowerby Bridge, in the County of York, by Todmorden, to Burnley and Littleborough, in the County of Lan-

cafer:

An Act for vesting certain Estates of Robert Ladbroke, Esquire, in the City of London, and Counties of

sex,

Royal Assent to

Bilk

Rov*l AXcnt co kill*.

320 27 0 Martii.A. x 777*

J'ex, Northampton, Berks, and Waricick, in Trustees, to in the County of Somerset; and also certain

be fold; and for laying out the Monies to arise thereby Moors, called otherwise Chie Moor, and

in the Purchase of other Manors, Lands, and Hercdi- Gold Corner, lying in or near the said Parish taments, to be settled to the same Uses as the said spitl and in the said County:

settled Estates now Hand limited: An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving,

An Act to discharge certain Copyhold Premises, in the East-Riding of the County of

in the Parish of Heston, in the County of Middlesex, An Act for dividing, inclosing, assigning, and

from the Uses and Trulls thereof, declared by the Will of Mary Wot ton, deceased; and to subject and charge the same Copyhold Premises, and also certain Freehold Lands lying contiguous thereto, within the said Parish, with the Payment of a perpetual Yearly Rent Charge of Twelve Pounds to the Reverend John Clerk,

and his Successors, Vicars of the said Parish, for the Use of the Poor of the same Parish; and for settling and alluring the same Premises, so charged, in the Trustees of Rupert Clarke, Esquire, upon the Trulls

therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Robert Grimston, Esquire, at and Octon, in the

Parish of Thwing upon the W, in the East Riding of the County of York, in the said Robert Grimston, in Fee Simple; and for settling an Estate of the said Robert Grimston, in the Township of Nefwick, in the Parish of Bainton, in the said East Riding of the County of York, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, and other uninelofed Grounds, within the Township of Titnjlall, in llolderness, in the East Riding of the County of

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pailures, in the Parish of Syfton, in the County of , and

several Parcels of uninelofed Land, in the Parish of Barkby, in the said County of Leicester, lying within the Ring of the said Fields:

An Act for dividing and allotting the several Open and Common Fields, Failures, and other uninelofed Grounds, within the Township of Boynton, in the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common Moor, or Traci of Waste Ground, called Lees Fell, otherwise Morralee, and Strut Common, and Hag-

bank, within the Barony or Manor of Langley, and in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Compton Bishop, commonly called or known by the Name of Cross Moor, alias Charles Moor, in the County of SomerJ'et:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pailures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Sivin/lead, and County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common. Fields, Common Pailures, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Dutitijborne Abbot Ls, in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Parish of Kimington, otherwise Kirmington, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Shirland, in the County of Derby:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Stretton, in the Parishes of N and Morton, in the County of Derby:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Grounds, in the Parish of Winthorpe, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons or Waste Lands lying in the Parish of 22

allotting, the Open and Common Field, and Commonable Land, lying within the Liberties, Territories, and Precincts, of Ludgershall, in the County of Buckingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Stinted Pailures, within the Township of , Bugthorpe, in the County of York, and for exempting the Lands, Tenements, and Frontsteads, within the Parish of Buglhorpe, from the Payment of Tythes and

other Ecclesiasltical Dues; and for other Purposes therein contained:

An Act for dividing and inclosing Fremington Edge and Fremington Moor, and certain Waste Grounds, in the Township of Fremington, in the Parish of Grinton, in the North Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing^and,

AyfgarthMoor or Common, in the Township and Parish of Ayfgarth, in the North Riding of the County of York:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Potter Harris, Esquire, with Elizabeth Martha Chicheley Plowden, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enable Jervoise Clarke, Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and ul'e the Surname and Arms of Jervoise, pursuant to the Will of Thomas JervoiJe, Esquire, deceased.

Then the Amendments made by the Committee to the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open ladofure. Fields, Arable Lands, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of in

the County of Derby, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Q.u eft ion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, b? ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration, the Anrwme*-Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

An Act to restrain the raising of Money by the Sale of Life Annuities.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2* 1. 8 ? Leave out " null and void to all In-

& 9.) " tents and Purposes," and insert,

" deemed or taken to be a Security " only for the Money really advanced, with Interest."

Pr. 3. I.31. After "paid" leave out " and in " case the fame, or any Part thereof, shall confilt in Goods, or any " other Thing than Money, the " Nature, Quantity, and Value,

" of such Thing or Things," ana insert " which shall be in Money " only."

Pr. 4, 1. 7. After " be " leave out " null and " void to all Intents and Purpo-:

" fes," and insert " deemed or " taken to be a Security only for " the Money really advanced, witlfc.

" Interest."

1, 4S. After " paid " leave out " or in cafq " the Consideration, or any Part " of it, is advanced in Goods, if " the Goods are not of the Value " set upon them."

1. 33. After " Action " leave out " and ft " shall apd may be lawful for the

" Court,

17 Geo. III. 27° Martii.

321

Ramftmry

Inclosure.

" Court, at their Discretion, to " make any Rule or Order requiring Satisfaction on the Oath of " the Party or Parties complained " against, by Examination of him " or them in open Court, or by " Commission under the Seal of the " Court, for the Examination of " him or them, or by Affidavit,

" as the Court shall find moll proper, for the Discovery of such " Practices; and upon the Refusal " of the Party or Parties to make " such Discovery or Satisfaction " as aforesaid."

Pr. 5. 1. 14. After "vacated" insert " upon Payment of such Money as was advanced, with Interest."

Pr. 6. 1. 17. After "enquired" leave out " into " the just and true Value of any," and insert " in a summary Way,

" whether."

I.18. After "created" leave out "at the " Time of granting the fame, and " also what Consideration was at " such Time really and bona " paid or given by the Grantee or " Grantees, to the Grantor or Grantors, (or the fame," and insert " was obtained by Fraud, or other " undue Means, or whether the " Grantor is entitled to redeem the " fame."

I.33. After "if" leave out "it shall appear from Hie Verdict of such " Jury, or the Report of such " Officer, or upon the Examination of the Matter by Affidavit, " and it shall be declared, decreed, " or adjudged, I y tin: Court, that " the Purcl.a.’c of inch Annuity or " P<. irgo, w as l'o unfair, that " the l.tim ought to be set alide,"

and in,.n't " the Court shall actjudge that the same was fraudulently obtained, or that the " Grantor is entitled to redeem." Pr. 7. 1. to After " Grantees" inlert Clause" A." (Clause A.) " And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Court may, in " every such same as aforesaid, " award to either Party such Colls " as to them shall seem just."

Pr. 9. I. 13. After "Annuity" insert "nor to " any voluntary Annuity granted " without Regard to pecuniary " Consideration."

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Goddard presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Grounds, in the Tythings or Liberties of Ramsbury , Park Town, Whit-

tonditch, Eafiridge, and Baydon, within the Manor of

Ramsbury, in the County of Wilts: And the same was-received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

read; Taking Notice of the Bill for varying and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to or near -

rvich and Nantwich, in the County of Chester; and setting forth. That the Petitioners are advised, that in the said Bill are contained several Clauses and Provisions which will injure them and their Property: And there-, fore praying. That they may be heard, by their Coun-fcl, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect the Petitioners and their Property; or that they may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Powys presented to the House, according to Killefby Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Indofuie. Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of lejby, in the County of Northampton: And the fame, was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Reverend Henry Wood, Doctor of Bkraity Divinity, Owner of divers Lands and Tenements in Inclosure. the Township of Barnsley, within the Parish of Silkfion, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, several Commons, Moors, or Waste Grounds, and Open Common Fields, in the Township of Barnsley, within the Parish of Silkfion, in the County of York; and setting forth, That the Petitioner, being Owner of a considerable Landed Property there, hath Reason to apprehend that, if such.

Bill should, upon the present Plan thereof, pass into a Law, the same would be very injurious to the Petitioner’s said Property: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by himself or his Counsel, against the said Bill, or such Parts thereof as are moll likely to affect him, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday-Sevennight, the 8th Day of April next,. Tens of the Clock in the Morning.

Chester A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the N avigation. |j ndertaking for recovering and preferring the Navigation of the River Dee, was presented to the House, and Vol. 36.

Return* of Persons sentenced to TraufporutiocL

Severn

Bridge

and

.Gloucester

Streets.

Ditto.

322 8° Apr ills. A. 1777-

Martis> 8° die A^rilis;

Anno 17* Georgii III*" Regis, 1777. Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Clerk of this House had received several Returns to the Orders of the House of the 8th Day of November last, 44 That the Clerks of Assize, Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks, or other proper Officers of Liberties and Towns holding Sessions, at which " Felons have been usually ordered for Transportation, " do, on or before the ill Day of January next, make " out correct Lifts, in Writing, of all Persons who, " between the ill Day of November 1769 and the " ill Day of this Instant , have, at their

44 respective Sessions of Oyer and Terminer, of Gaol Delivery, or of the Peace, been sentenced to Transportation, or have, within their respective Districts, " been ordered for Transportation in Consequence of Conditional Pardons., or otherwise; distinguishing " the Names of each Person, his or her Crime, and the " Time when he or the was ordered for Transportation, and whether by Judgment of the Court, or by Means of Conditional Pardons, or otherwise; and " do forthwith transmit the said Lifts to the Sheriffs of " their respective CountiesAnd also,

" That the said Order be sent to the Sheriffs of the " several Counties in England and Wales; and that the " said Sheriffs do forthwith transmit Copies of the " same to the Clerks of Assize, Clerks of the Peace, " Town Clerks, and other proper Officers of Liberties " and Towns holding Sessions, at which Felons have " been usually ordered for Transportation, within their " respective Counties; and that, on or before the " 20th Day of January next, the said Sheriffs do transmit so the Clerk of this House, the Returns of the Lifts that have been made to the said Order; toge- ther with a List of the Names of the several Clerks of Assize, Tow’n Clerks, and other Officers of Liberties and Towns holding Sessions, within their respective J urisdictions, to whom the said Order was di- reeled;" and that the said Returns were now upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Returns are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Severn at Maifemore, near the City of Gloucester; for repairing and making commodious Over’s leading from the said City, towards Maifemore aforesaid; for amending and altering the Bridge over another Branch of the said River Severn, near the West Gate of the said City; and for enforcing the proper [>aving and cleansing of the several Streets within the said City; and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Barrow, Sir William Guifc, 6cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants, of the City of Gloucester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, which was presented to the House upon the 24th Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill iheuld be brought in, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands

on the Maifemore Side of the River Severn, and other Persons trading with, and resorting to, the City of Gloucester, across the said River, w’hose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That it appears to the Petitioners, that the same will be attendea with manifest Hardship and Inconvenience, if passed into a Law; and that, in respect to Maifemore Bridge, in which the Petitioners are chiefly concerned, the same lies upon a great and public Highway, leading through the County of Gloucester, is of great Utility, and has been constantly used by the Public ever since the First Erection thereof; and therefore the Petitioners conceive, that the County of Gloucester is liable by Law to re-build the said Bridge, and keep the same in Repair, as a County Bridge; and that the said Bridge is also comprized in, and is a Part of, certain Turnpike Roads, for the repairing w hereof an Act was passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Gloucester to- wards Hereford, and other Roads therein mentioned,

44 and for amending several other Roads near or ad- joining to some of the said Roadsand that the Commissioners acting under the said Act ought, as the Petitioners apprehend, to contribute to rebuild the fame, as being a Part of the Road included within the said Act; and that the said Commissioners appeared to be satisfied thereof, by taking under their Care the Erection of a temporary Bridge, although, as the Petitioners apprehend, they acted illegally in authorizing any additional Toll to be taken, further than what was allowed by the said Act, and have taken into their own Hands certain Grounds that were appropriated for repairing the said Bridge and Causeway leading thereto; and that the Petitioners apprehend, it would be a great Hardship to burthen Passengers upon the said Road with such additional Tolls as would be of themselves alone sufficient to rebuild, the said Bridge, and to keep the same in Repair, in total Exoneration of the said County and Turnpike; and that a Drawbridge at the West Gate of Gloucester, is by no Means necessary to, nor desired by, Persons uling the Navigation of the said River, and will be of infinite Inconvenience and Obstruction to Passengers by Land: And therefore praying. That they may be at Liberty to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of several Gentlemen Freeholders of the Sevens County of Montgomery, whose Names are, subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting Gloucester forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Street*, a Bill is depending, for building an Arch, by "Way of Drawbridge, in the Centre of the Bridge at Gloucester; and arc apprehensive, that such a Grant of Toll, by Way of Tonnage, as the intended Bill imports to be, is so partial in its Attempt, that, if it passes into a Law, it will be very prcjudical to the County of and, as they eonceive, detrimental to the Inhabitants in general residing near the River Severn: And therefore praying. That they may be at Liberty to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Part of the said Bill, as relates to the granting such Toll as aforesaid, and that the same Bill may not pass into a Law, with any Provision therein whereby the Trade carried on upon the said River may be any Ways burthened, impeded, or discouraged; and that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem, meet.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Gentlemen, Ditto. Merchants, Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants, of the City of Worcester, whose Names are subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and setting forth, That the Petitioners have -heard, that a-Tonnage is intended to be 22 laid

4

17 Geo. III.

laid on all Trows and Vessels that shall pass through the said West Gate Bridge, payable to the Mayor and Burgesses olGloucesterior ever, in order to enable them

to precfc a temporary Bridge, to repair the said West Gate Bridge, and make a Drawbridge there, to purchase Houses and Buildings, for making convenient Avenues thereto, and to w iden the causeway leading therefrom towards Over; and alledging, that the River is

n free Navigable River, and the Goods and Merchandizes carried thereon arc very considerable and weighty; and that, if such Tonnage should take Place, it will greatly affect the Trade of the City of and of the other Towns and Places in the several Counties through which the said River runs, as a great Part of the Money arising therefrom mult ultimately be paid by the Traders and Inhabitants thereof; and it appears to the Petitioners, that it would be. very grievous to this Part of the Country, to contribute so largely to-wards repairing and altering the said Bridge and Cause-way; and that the Petitioners are informed, there is not at present any 'loll paid for passing over the said West Gate Bridge; that a Drawbridge will greatly impede Travellers in their Way over the said Bridge, and will be of no general Utility: And therefore praying. That they may be at Liberty to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Part of the said Bill as relates to the Allowance of a Tonnage to be paid for Vessels passing under the said Bridge; and that the same may not pal's into a Law, with any Provision therein that may affect or burthen the Trade carried on upon the said River; and that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall leem meet.

Serern A Petition of the Bailiffs, Aldermen, and Burgesses, Bridge of the Town of Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, and

Gloucester °^e ^ntlemen, Merchants, and Tradesmen, residing Street*. i*1 and near the fame Town,\vhofe Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed that a Bill isdepending, wherebyaTonnageorToll is intended to be granted to the Corporation of the City of G/eHcryfer, upon all Vessels navigatingupon the River<$m'rw, and passing through the Bridge near the Gate, in the said City, for the Purpose of enabling the said Corporation to erect a Drawbridge there, and toraile and widen the causeway leading from the said Bridge towards Over; and that the Petitioners, as well as other the Inhabitants of the said County of Salop, and also the Inhabitants of the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Mont-gomeiy, through which the said River runs, andlikewilc the Inhabitants of sundry other Parts of the Kingdom, from which there is a Communication with the said River by Means of navigable Canals, arc supphed with great Quantities of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, from the City of Bristol and other Places below the said Bridge, by Means of Vessels navigating on the said River, which are obliged to pass under the said Bridge; and great Quantities of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, arc daily conv eyed to the said City of Bristol, from several Parts of the Kingdom, without paying any Tonnage or Toll wluitsoever on passing under any Bridge upon the said River, which is a free navigable River; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that a Drawbridge is unnecessary, and will not be of any public Utility; and that the Petitioners are informed the said Corporation oiGloureJlenxre foiled of divers Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of a very considerable annual Value, which were given to them for the express Purpose of keeping the said Bridge and Causeway in Repair, and that the Revenues arising therefrom are amply sufficient for the Repairs of the said Bridge and Causeway; and that it will be a great Hardship upon Persons navigating on the said River, to be obliged to contribute to the building and repairing a Bridge and Causeway, from which they are not, neither can they be in any wise benefited; and the Pe-VoL. 36.

tioners apprehend; that the grantitig a Tonnage of Toll to the said Corporation, tt> be paid by Vessels navigating on the said River, will be a very great Dit-couragement and Injury to Trade, and be of public Mischief: And therefore praying, That they may have Leave to be heard; by themselves or their Counsel, against such Part of the said Bill as relates to the granting such Tonnage or Toll as aforesaid; and that the same Bill may not pass into a Law, with any Provision therein whereby the Trade carried on Upon the said River may be burthened or discouraged, and that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen; and In- Severn habitants, of the Town of Shrewsbury, and Neighbour- Bridge

hood thereof, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and was also presented to the House, and read; Setting streets* forth. That the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill is depending, for building an Arch, by Way of Drawbridge, in the Centre of the Bridge over the River Severn, at the West Gate of the City of alledging, that it would be of great Utility to the Navigation of the said River, and prevent many Inconveniences; and that a Tonnage is intended to be granted upon all Vessels navigating the said River Severn, and passing through the said intended Bridge; and that, in Order to ascertain the said Tonnage, all Mailers and Owners of Vessels are, upon Oath, to cause their respective Vessels, with the Tonnage thereof, to be registered by a Person appointed by the Mayor and Burgesses of the said City of Gloucej and, in case of Dil’pute, to be determined by Admeasurement, by a Person to be appointed by the said Mayor and Burgesses, with aPenalty onRefufal, as also another for neglecting to register the Vessels; and that the said River Severn runs through the Counties of MontgomSalop, Stafford, Worcester, and Gloucester, and hath ever been an Open, Free, Navigable River; that the Trade carried on upon the said River is very extensive and valuable to the several Counties which it runs through, as also to those adjoining, and particularly to the Town of ShreuJ-biuy; and that the Petitioners are informed, that a Drawbridge will not be of that public Convenience as Hated in the Bill, and is not in any llespect desired by the Owners of V7effels navigating on the said River , and that the Petitioners also observe, by a Claul’e in the said Bill, that the said Bridge, when built, is not to be deemed a County Bridge, so as to subject the County Of Gloucester to the Repair thereof; but they conceive that, if this- Bill, as it now Hands, was to pass into a Law, that it would be going Hill farther, and subjecting other Counties in Effect; to the Repair thereof, as the Money arising from such Tonnage muH of Course be applied to the Reparation of the Bridge; and that every Prcscription to charge the Subject with a Duty or Toll mufl import some Benefit or Recompence for him, or else some Reason muH be shewn why a Duty is claimed; that Bridges in general are an Obffruction to the Navigation; and that, unless there is a Necessity of rtiaking Locks or Dams, by Way of affiding the Navigation, in which same alone the Petitioners are apprehensive a Toll ought to be paid; and that the Petitioners are informed, that the Corporation of Gloucester are seised of [several large EHates of a very considerable Annual Value, which were given unto them for the express Purpose of keeping the said Bridge in Repair; and that an Intention to invefi a foie Power in the Mayor and Burgesses of Gloucester, over the Owners of Vessels residing in other Counties and trading on the said River/ is an Attempt yet unheard of; that the Mode also- for settling Disputes between the Owners of Vessels and the Persons appointed to collect the Tonnage by Admea* furement would be attended with the utmost Coiifufion, . Expence, and Delay; bolides, the Petitioners perceive/ that the Bill itself speaks of repairing the Streets, Lanes/ and Passages, of the City of Gloucester, as a Reason for granting

3 24 8* Aprilis. ^.1777.

granting the Tonnage; an Application, the Petitioners conceive, no Bridge Toll ought to be applied to, nor do they conceive any Reason why the Inhabitants of the Town of Shrexcsbury should be obliged to contribute to the Repairs of the Bridge, or Streets, Lanes, and Passages, of the City of and that the

Petitioners, with the Assistance of others residing in, and having Property in, the County of Salop, have lately linished, at an Expence of near £. 12,000, a Stone Bridge at the tail End of the said Town over the River Severn: that another Stone Bridge has lately been erected at a eonliderable Expence to the County, Three Miles lower down, over the said River, and upon which no Toll whatsoever is demanded; and that it will be a great Hardship, not only upon the Traders and Persons navigating upon the said River, to be obliged to contribute to the building and repairing a Bridge by which they are in no Respect benefited, but also to other Persons residing in the Town and Neighbourhood of Shrczojburyif such a Bill thou Id pass into a Law, by reason of the increased Price of the Freight of Goods, which must be put on equal to the Tonnage the Matter of the Vessel pays; and that they apprehend, that the granting a loll to the said Corporation of Gloucester, to be paid by all Vessels indiscriminately navigating the said River, will be a Precedent dangerous in itself, as well as very great Discouragement and Injury to Trade, and be of the utmost public Mischief: And therefore praying. That they may be at Liberty to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, again (I such Part of the said Bill as relates to the granting such loll as aforesaid; and that the same Bill may not pass into a Law, with any Provision therein whereby the Trade carried on upon the said River may be any Ways burthened, impeded, or discouraged; and that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Severn A Petition of the several Owners and Matters of

Bridge Trows, Barges, Boats, and other Vessels, navigating

r.*ndfl upon the River Setter n, and patting by the City of Street*." Gloucester, and through the West Gate Bridge there, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, That a Bill is depending, whereby a Toll is intended to be granted to the Corporation of Gloucester, upon Vessels navigating the said

River, and patting through the said West Gate Bridge, for the Purpose of enabling them to build a Drawbridge there, and to enlarge and widen the Causeway leading therefrom towards Over; and that the said River is an Open Free Navigable River, and the Trade carried on upon the same is veryextenlive and valuable; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that a Drawbridge is unnecessary, will not be of any public Utility, and is not in any Respect desired by the Persons uling the said Navigation; and that the said Corporation of Gloucester are seised of several large Eliates, of a very considerable annual Value, which were given to them for the express Purpose of keeping the said Bridge and Causeway in Repair; and that the Revenues arising therefrom are, as the Petitioners are informed, amply sufficient for the Repairs of the said Bridge and Causeway; and that it w ill be a great Hardship upon the Traders and Persons navigating upon the said River, to be obliged to contribute to the building and repairing a Bridge and Catifetvay by which they are in no Respect benefited; and the Petitioners apprehend, that the granting a Toll to the said Corporation, to be paid by Vessels navigating the said River, will be a very great Discouragement and Injury to Trade, and be of public Mischief: And therefore praying. That they may be at Liberty to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Part of the said Bill as relates to the granting such Toll as aforesaid; and that the same Bill may not pass into a Law, with any Provision therein whereby the Trade

carried on upon the said River may be burthened or discouraged; and that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Preroifes as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Severn Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants of the City of Bridge Gloucester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was ciou'cnler also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking St ecu. Notice of the said Bill; and letting forth, That the same is exceedingly injurious and detrimental, as well to the Petitioners in particular, as to the Public, and will be attended with manifest Inconvenience if patted into a Law; and that, in respect to Bridge, the same lies upon a great and public Highway leading through the County of Gloucester, is of great public Utility, and has been constantly used by the Public ever since the first Erection thereof; and therefore the Petitioners conceive, that the County of Gloucester is liable by Law' to rebuild the said Bridge, and keep the same in Repair, as a County Bridge; and that the said Bridge, is also comprized in, and is aPart of, certain Turnpike Roads, for the repairing whereof an Act was passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enlarge the Term and " Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of " the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing " and widening the Road leading from to-

" wards Hereford, and other Roads therein mentioned;

" and for amending several other Roads near or adjoining to some of the said Roads;" and that the Commissioners acting under the said Act ought, as the Petitioners apprehend, to contribute to rebuild the fame, as being aPart of the Road included within the said Act; and that the said Commissioners appeared to be satisfied thereof, by taking under their Care the Erec tion of a temporary Bridge, although, as the Petitioners apprehend, they acted illegally in authorizing any additional Toll to be taken further than what, was allowed by the said Act, and have taken into their own Hands certain Grounds that were appropriated for repairing the said Bridge and Causeway leading't hereto; and that the Petitioners apprehend, it would be a great liard-ttiip to burthenPali’engers upon the said Road with such additional Tolls as would be of themselves alone fufli-cient to rebuild the said Bridge, and to keep the same in Repair, in total Exoneration of the said County and Turnpike; and that, in respect to the Bridge at the

West Gate of the City of Gloucester, and the Causeway leading therefrom, the said Corporation of Gloucester have Eliates and Revenues amply sufficient for all the public Burthens to which they are liable; and that they have been used from Time immemorial to repair, and are by Prescription bound to repair, the said Gate Bridge and Causeway; and that they have moreover Lands and Tenements in the several Parishes of house, Ebley, Oxlinch, Standish, Wand Cha skill,

in the County of Gloucester, of a very eonliderable Annual Value, given to, and now vested in them, for the express Purpose of keeping the find Bridge and Causeway in Repair, and that, a Draw bridge is by no Means necessary to, nor desired by, Persons uling the Navigation of the said River, and will be of infinite Inconvenience and Obstruction to Passengers by Land; and the Petitioners apprehend it would be the Height of Injustice to charge the Navigation upon a free navigable River, and other navigable Rivers and Canals communicating the rewith, in which many eonliderable Towns and Trading Places are interested as well as Gloucester, with a burthensome Tax, to support what in Fait such Navigation has no Concern in, nor can be benefited by,' for the Sake of dilburthening the said Corporation of the Expences they are now liable to for the amending the same; and that the Petitioners conceive, that the Powers intended to be granted to the J uf-tices of the Peace for the City of for paving

and cleansing the Streets of the said City, and removing

Nuisancos

17 Geo. III. 8° Aprilis. 325

Nui lances, will he highly injurious to the Petitioners, and particularly the Power inverted in such Justices of raising and disposing of the Property of the Inhabitants of the said City at large, without Appeal but to the Court of Quarter Sessions of the said City, where the said Aldermen or Justices preside: And therefore praying, That they may be at Liberty to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pal's into a I^aw.

Severn A Petition of the Committee of Proprietors of the ®r^?e Strouduinter Navigation, in Behalf of the said Com-

Gloucester Pan.v an(l ll'e Country at large interested in the said btreeu. Navigation, was also presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That a Bill is depending, for amending and altering the Bridge over the River Severn, near the Weji Gate of the City of and for other Purposes; and that, by a Clause therein, it appears that a Power is proposed to be given to the Mayor and Burgertes of the City of Gloucester, to take to their own Use and Benefit per Ton from every Vessel passing under the said West Gate Bridge, according to its Tonnage; and that the Petitioners apprehend the said impoiition will be greatly prejudicial to the Trade of the River Severn and the navigable Canal forming at Stroudicaler, and will establish a Tax on this Country, which mult amount to a considerable Sum Annually, even at the loweftTonnage, without offering any Equivalent in lieu thereof; for it is suggested, that the Drawbridge proposed to be made will afford a more expeditious Passage for Vessels in a Flood Time; and this can be of no Benefit, unless similar Alterations were to take Place at the other Bridges over Severn, which lie higher; and representing to the House, that this impoiition will be particularly injurious to the Coal Trade of the Stroud Canal, from which a great Extent of Country will be supplied with that Article; and that it will enhance the Price of Coals to the Manufacturers and the Poor, which it was the Intention of the Act, passed the Iaft Selrton for the Stroudioater Navigation to reduce; and that the Petitioners were put to a very great Expence in obtaining the said Act, from the great Opposition made to it by the said Mayor and Corporation of Gloucester; and subscribed large Sums for carrying the same into Execution, with Expectations of being reimbursed principally from the Trade in Coals, to be brought down the River Severn, which can only come through the WcJtGate Bridge; and that now the said Mayor and Burgesses seem to be endeavouring to render the said Navigation of less Utility to the Petitioners, by loading it with a Duty for their own Use and Benefit: And therefore praying, If the said Bill should pass into a Law, That the Clause for laying a Duty on Vessels navigating the River Severn, under the WesiGate Bridge, may be totally expunged; and that the Petitioners may have the Benefit of the free and open Navigation of the said River, as heretofore used and enjoyed.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Courtderation of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and such of the Petitioners as desire to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, are to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Tozvnjhend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Killelbv Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea- Inclosure, dows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of KilleJbij, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Knightley, Mr. Pidteney, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Sir Adam Ferguffon reported from the Committee, York to whom the Bill for expediting the Sale of the Estates in Scotland, belonging to the York Buildings Company, "any* for the Relief of their Creditors, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that all the Parties under the Deeds of Trull, of the 18th of January 1731, and 15th of October 1732, had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except certain Proprietors of Bonds, under those Deeds, who had either declined to signify their Consent, or could not be found, but who did not appear before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the principal Money due to such Creditors, with the Interest remaining due thereon the nth of 1764, andounted to the Sum of £. 3,440. 18 8 and

that the whole Amount of the principal Sums secured by the said Deeds of Trust, with the Interest remaining due thereon the nth of August 1764, was /.48,74s. i2X. 6d.-, and that the Heir at Law of the surviving Trustees, under the said Deed of Trust of the 18th of January 1731, had appeared before the Committee, and given her Consent; that the Trustees for the Annuitants, under the Deed of Trust of the 13th of October 1727, had signified their Consent to the Bill, by their Agent; and that none other of the Creditors of the said Company had consented, or appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lor^^^"r* for vesting in the Right honourable Robert Spencer, e *

commonly called Lord Robert Spencer, and the MolU noble George Duke of Marlborough, one of the Knights Companions of the Moll noble Order of the Garter, and the Heirs and Assigns of the said Duke of Marlborough, the settled Estates of the said Lord Robert Spencer, situate in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Frederick Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, At Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Halton A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a cer-Inclosure. tain Common or Waste Ground, called IJalton Moor, in the Township of IJalton, in the Manor of Templenew-J'am, in the Parish of Jin the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Vol. 36.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Christ for establishing and confirming Exchanges of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, 'e situate, Handing, lying, and being within the Hamlet, of Wighthill, in the Parish of Tackley, in the County of

4 O Oxford,

Curfon’s

Marriage

Settlement.

Newcastle upon Tyne Election.

3 26' 8° Jprilis. . 1777.

Oxford, pursuant to Articles of Agreement between the President and Scholars of Corpus College, in

the University of Oxford, and Simon Esquire;

and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Charles

Spencer, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lord Charles Spencer reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John BarneivCurfon, Esquire, to

settle a Jointure upon any Woman or Women he may hereafter marry, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment j and he delivered the Bill in at the Cleric’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Lord Charles Spencer do carry the Bill to the Ixmls; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Burgesses and Electors of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, relating to the Election and Return for the said Town, being offered to be presented to the House:

A Certificate of the Deputy Clerk of the Crown, signifying, That the Indenture, whereby Sir John Trevelyan, Baronet, is returned a Burgess for the said Town, was delivered into the Office of the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, the 17 th Day of March last, was read.

And the Order of the House, made the First Day of November last, requiring all Persons that will question any Returns to do it within Fourteen Days next; and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in, was also read.

But the House having been adjourned from the 27th Day of March last, to this Day;

And the House being informed, that the said Petitioners would have petitioned this House within Fourteen Days next after the said Return was brought in, if the 1 Ioufe had not been so adjourned;

And the Entry in the Journal of the House of the 1 qth Day of January 1762, containing the Proceedings of the House, in relation to the Petition of Major General John Lambtonj and also to the Petition of the Freemen of the City of Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, which Petitions were not presented in due Time, because of the Adjournment of the House, being read;

Ordered, That the said Petition, now offered to be presented to the House, be admitted to be received; the same not being presented in due Time, because of the last Adjournment of the House.

Then the said Petition was delivered in, and read: Setting forth, That, at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Town of upon

Tyne, Andrew Robinson Bones, Esquire, and Sir John Trevelyan, Baronet, were Candidates; and that the Petitioners and others, making a Majority of the lawful Electors, attended, and gave their Votes at the said Election for the said Andreio Robinson Boioes, Esquire;

notwithstanding which, the said Sir John Trevelyan procured himself to be returned as a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Town, as having a Majority of ‘Votes at the said Election; and that the said Sir John Trevelyan, by his Agents and Managers, corrupted divers of the Voters for the said Town, by Money and Proiniles of Money, and other Rewards, in order to give their Votes at the said Election, and, by these and

>7

other illegal Methods, obtained a colourable Majority on the Poll; and that James Thomas Lor nine, Esquire, Sheriff and Returning Officer of the said Town, admitted several Persons to vote for the said Sir John Trevelyan, who ought not to have been admitted on the said Poll; and rejected some, who ought to have been admitted, and offered to poll for the said Andrew Robinson Bowes, Esquire; and that the said Sir John Trevelyan and his Agents and Managers did, after the Vacancy, and after the Telle of the Writ, give to divers of the Voters, and Persons claiming to vote, Meat, Drink, and other Entertainment, in o,rder to procure their Votes at the said Election; and that in Consequence of the said illegal Proceedings, the said Majority of Votes were unfairly obtained, in Favour of the said Sir John Trevelyan, whereby the Petitioners

and many other Burgesses of the said Town have been deprived of the due Benefit of their Franchises; and that the Person so returned is not in Truth the Repre-fentative of the said Town of Newcastle; but that the said Return is wholly illegal, and great Injustice to the Petitioners, an high Violation of the Freedom of Election, and the Rights and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, to restore the Petitioners to the due Exercise or Benefit of their Franchises, and to inflict such Punishment on the Offenders, as in their Justice and Wisdom shall l'eem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuejilaythe 22d Day of this Instant April, at the same Time that the Petition of Andreio Robinson Bowes, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament; the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their N Counsel or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the ' Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes, and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereinto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is a certain Moor, or Common, called Heath Moor, situate in or near the Parishes of Saint John Baptist and Benedict

tonbuty, Shapivick, Ashcot, Walton, and Street, all in the County of Somerset; and that the Petitioners, with divers others, are entitled to Right of Common upon the said Common or Moor, in respect of their Estates and Tenements, situate in the said several Parishes, and have for Time immemorial exercised a general Right of Common upon all the Paliure Part of the said Moor or Common, without any Interruption; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, for inclosing and dividing a certain Part of the said Moor, under the Name or Description of Shapwick Moor, or Shapwick Turf Moor, which some

of

Promissory Notes, See.

Shapwick

iRcloftire.

Kcwhald

inclosure.

Barrr.by

hdofure.

Krkby

KavenTworth

iodofure.

Felthorpe

Incioiurc.

Mile End Nightly W icii.

17 Geo. IIL 8° Aprilis.327

of the Owners or Occupiers of Estates and Tenements in the said Parish of Shapwick have lately taken upon themselves to dil'tinguish and ascertain the Boundaries of, by separating the same from the other Part of the said Heath Moor, and have also applied to the House to carry in the said Bill without Notice to the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners apprehend, in case the said Bill should pass for dividing and inclosing such Part of the said Moor as aforesaid, the Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Tenements in the said Parish of Shapwick, claiming Interest in such Inclosures,

ought to be excluded from any Right or Interest in the Refulue of the said Moor, or Common, called Heath Moor: And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the Whole, or such Part or Parts of the said Bill as they shall be advised.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common or Waste Ground called Shapwick Moor, or Shapivick in the

Parish of Shapwick, in the County of Somerset, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an I nit ruff ion to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Common Arable Fields, Wrolds, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Townships of North New-bald and SouthNewbald, within the Parish of North Neiobald, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second'Time.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Ings, Common, and other Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Town-Ill ip and Manor of Barmby upon the Moor, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing Three several Moors, or Commons, called Ijoio Gatherley Moor, Moor Holme, and The High Moor, situate in the several

Townships of Kirkby Ravenfwo Ravensworth, and

Whafhton, in the Parish of Kirkby Ravensworth, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Dundas, kc.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Dole or Heath I^ands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Felthorpe, in the County of was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Sir Edit ord Ajtley, k: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Inhabitants of the Hamlet of

Mile End Old Town, in the Parish of Saint Dunstan,

Stepney, alias Stebenhea/h, in the County of was presented to the House, and road; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe a Bill is depending before the House to establish a Nightly M atch within the

VOL. 36.

said Hamlet; and are of Opinion it will further tend to promote the Safety and Convenience of the Inhabitants of the said Hamlet, and all Persons resorting thereto, if Provision was made in the said Bill for properly Lighting the several Roads, Streets, Lanes, and Ways, within the same: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; And report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Wilkes, Mr. Alderman Harley, kc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fen, Common Marsh, Common Fields, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Surfieet, in the County of Lincoln >-was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mel-lish, Sir Charles Holte, &c.: And they are to meetthis Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying within the Manor and Parish of -lam, in the County of Cumberland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass s And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying within the Manor and Parish of in the County of Cumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. Storer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying within the Manor and, Parish of Brampton, in the County of Cumberland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying within the Manor and Parish of Brampton, in the County of Cumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. Storer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Trent, in the Lordships of Sawley and Long Eaton, in the County of Derby, to or near Langley Bridge, in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 24, 1. 4. To leave out from " Oath " to the End of Line 6.

Pr. 50, 1. 18. After " aforesaid," to insert,<( upon " that Day Three Weeks after " the passing of this Act,"

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Trent, in the Lordships of Sawley and Long Eaton, in the County of Derby, to or near Langley Bridge, in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Curzon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An

Surfleet

Inclosure,

Farlam

Inclosure,

Brampton

Inclosurtf

Sawley

Navigation.

3^8 8° — 90 Aprilis.; A. 1777-

Archbishop An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act r °h «, *° enable the Archbishop of , and Daniel

Ponton, Esquire, to grant Building Leases, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose, was read a Second Time.

Re foiled. That the Bill be committed to the Lord New haven, Mr. Norton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

and"*1 -A Bill for feouring and cleansing the Rivers Welland Glenn and Glenn, in the County of Lincoln; and for making Navigation, a navigable Cut from the South-West End of a Salt -Marsh adjoining to Surfteet Common, to or near Fosdike Inn, in the same County; and for building a Bridge over the East End of the said Cut; and for rendering the Passage over the Wafti at Fosdike aforesaid safe and commodious, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Abel Smith, Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Scotland; The House was moved. That an Act, made in the lmPandtion Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in-Exportation tituled, " An Act to regulate the Importation and of Conu " Exportation of Coni," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, so much of the said Act as relates to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; And that Sir Adam the Lord Advocate

of Scotland, Sir ArchibaldEdmonjtone, Sir George Suttie, and Mr. Andreio Stuart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ircwton An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and al-Roads. tering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of Parliament, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from and near the Town of in the County of Somerset; and for repairing and widening the Street from the North End of Coombe Street to the South East Side of Dymond's River, in the said Town of Brewton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of Parliament, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from and near the Town of Brewton, in the County of Somerset; and for repairing and widening the Street from the North or North East End of Coombe Street, along Pat-well Street, in the said Town of Breioton, to the South or South-East Side of DymoncCs River.

Ordered, That Mr. Phclips do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delure their Concurrence.

Weston An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open under ami Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, Wetbdey jn Parjfh Gf Weston under Wetheley, in the County nc 0 ur*. Waruick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Weston under Wetheley, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Holte do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Braiihwiite’j The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Divorce a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Braitlnvaite, Esquire, with Elizabeth Browne, his now Wife; and to enable him to

marry again j and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Salusbury Brereton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Salusbury Brereton reported from the Committee,

That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witness'es for the said Bill j and that no Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Brown’s ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Debt to the House, upon the Bill to enable the Commissioners for orow-n. executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to make an Agreement, or Composition, with the several Sureties of William Brown, and the Repre-fent{\tives of-such of the said Sureties as are dead, for a Debt remaining due from them to the Crown, on several Tobacco Bonds entered into and executed by such Sureties respectively; and that they and their Estates and Effects may be acquitted and discharged therefrom.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further continuing an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Importation " of foreign wrought Silks and Velvets, for a limited " Time, and for preventing unlawful Combinations " of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture."

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 90 die;

Anno 17* Georgii III"' Regis, 1777.

Prayers,

AN ingrossed Bill for expediting the Sale of the X®* Estates in Scotland, belonging to the York Build- c^pany. itigs Company, for the Relief of their Creditors, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for expediting the Sale of the Estates in Scotland, belonging to the York Buildings Company, for the Relief of their Creditors.

Ordered, That Sir Adam Ferguffbn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Coucurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to restrain Apprentices, Trades- Preservation men, and other unqualified Persons, from destroying the Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; to 1 and for granting to Proprietors of Lands in Scotland further Powers with regard to killing of Game, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to restrain Apprentices, Tradesmen, and other unqualified Persons, from destroying the Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for granting to Proprietors of Lands in Scotland further Powers with regard to killing of Game.

Ordered, That Sir George Suttie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr.

J

Finsbury

Shores*

Brahhwaito'ft

Divorce.

KJngiley,

&c.

Inclosure.

Blealhy I adofu re.

Wingley,

&c.

IncioTure.

Kilburn

Bridge,

See.

Road*

17 Geo. III. of Aprilis.

329

Mr. Alderman Oliver presented to the House, ac- Tolls are laid uponSill such Carriages, it will not be cording to Order, a Bill for enabling the Mayor, in the Power of the Trustees to keep the said Road Aldermen and Commons, of the City of London, to in Repair.

make proper Drains and Sewers in the Prebendal Estate William Harr if on, Esquire, confirmed the foregoing of Finsbury and Halliwell, in the Suburbs of the said Evidence; and added. That if the several Provisions

City, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And necessary for repairing the said Roads, were reduced the same was received; and read the First Time. into One Act of Parliament, it would be a great Con-

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. venience to the Trustees.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act amending and keeping in Repair the Road between to dissolve the Marriage of John Braithzoaite, Esquire, Kilburn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, and Spar-

with Elizabeth Brozone, his now Wife; and to enable rote's Herne, in the County of Hertford; and for re-him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein pealing several Acts therein mentioned relating to the mentioned; was read the Third Time. said Road: And that Mr. Alderman and Mr.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. Strahan do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Salujhurz/Brereton do> carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Shapwick hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment. thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and Inclosw*.

read; Setting forth, That there is a certain Moor, or Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Common, called Heath Moor, situate in or near the

Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of near

Kingjley, Norley, and Crowton, in the Parishes of Frod-

sham and Weaverham, in the County of Chester, is

committed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Bleajtn), in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lang-lois, Lord Edzcard Bentinck, &c: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of JIalam and in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. lois. Lord Edward Bentinck, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Alderman Wilkes reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution several Acts of Parliament made in the Tenth Year of Queen Anne, the Eighth of George the First, and the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highway between a certain Place called Kilburn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, and Sparrozv's Herne, in the County of Hertford, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of

April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Arts were read; and Mr. being examined, said. That there is now due and owing, on the Credit of the said Acts, the Principal Sum of One thousand Seven hundred Pounds; and that the same cannot be paid off, and the Road kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is further continued, and some further and other Provisions made for repairing the said Road. — That the said Road is exceedingly cut and damaged, owing to the excessive Weight of Allies, Manure, and other Things carried upon narrow Wheels; and that unless Persons are restrained at particular Seasons from carrying such excessive Weights upon narrow Wheels for the future, or some additional

Vt)L. 36.

Parishes of Saint John Baptist and Saint Benedict

bury, and Shapwick, Ashcott, Walton, and Street, all in the County of Somerset; and that the Petitioners, with divers others, are entitled to a Right of Common upon the said Common, or Moor, in respect of their Oufters or Tenements situate in the said l'everal Parishes, and have, for Time immemorial, exercised a general Right of Common upon all the Pasture and Turf part of the said Moor, or Common, without any Interruption, and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, for inclosing and dividing a certain Part of the said Moor, under the Name or Description of Shapwick Moor, or Shapwick Turf Moor, which some of the Owners or Occupiers of Estates and Tenements in the said Parish of Shapwick, have lately taken upon themselves to distinguish and ascertain the Boundaries of, by separating the same from the other Part of the said Heath Moor; and have also applied to the House to carry in the said Bill without Notice to the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners apprehend, in case the said Bill should pass for dividing and inclosing such Part of the said Moor as aforesaid, the Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Tenements in the said Parishes will be greatly injured: And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the Whole, or such Parts of the said Bill as they shall be advised.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common, or Waste Ground, called Shapwick Moor, or Shapwick Turf Moor, in the Parish of Shapwick, in the County of Somerset, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by then\-selves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against; the fai d Petition.

A Petition of the Matters and Journeymen Hat Hatters; Manufacturers of the Town of Hexham, in the Coun- regulating ty of Northumberland, was presented to the House, and the Trade' read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive the Attempts of the Master Hat Manufacturers in London, to bring about a Regulation of the Journeymens Wages, and to enlarge their Power of taking a greater Number of Apprentices than is allowed by the Statute of the xft of James, to have no other End in View, than to harass and oppress the Journeymen employed in that Business, and that the Journeymens Wages as now settled, are very fair and moderate; and the Petitioners are apprehensive, that if the Matters in the said Trade are allowed to take an indefinite Number of Apprentices, or more than is allowed by the before-mentioned Statute, that it will greatly injure the Trade 4 P of

330 90 Aprilis. A. 1777.

of manufacturing Hats, and be attended with very dangerous Conferences: Ai d therefore praying the House to repel the Attempts of the Mailers, and not allow them to take a greater Number of Apprentices than is authorized by the said Statute of the ill of James.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the Bill to regulate the Prices of labour, the Hours of Working, and the taking of Apprentices, in the Hat Manufactory, is committed.

Killefby A Petition of Nathan ThompfonEdward Brow Inclosure. Thomas Emery, William and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of tlicm-selves and divers other Persons, Owners and Proprietors of Cottages, with Right of Common in the Open and Common Fields of , in the County of

Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields of aforesaid; which

Bill, if it should pal's into a Law as it now Hands, will greatly afreet the Petitioners, and injure them in their several Properties in the said Common Fields: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill, and have . such Relief as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pallures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of in the County of Northampton, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the . said Petition.

Tal y Cafn Ordered, That Mr. Winchcombe Hartley be added to Ferry the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring Road*. a jj|j for enlarging the Term and Powers of an A6l made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Road leading from Cafn Ferry, in

the County of Caernarvon, and through the Towns " of Conway, Bangor, and Caernarvon, to the Town of " Pwllhcly, in the same County;" and also for repairing

and widening the Roads from Taly Cafn Ferry aforesaid, on the Denbiglishire Side of the River Conway, to

join the Turnpike Road between Conway and Asaph, at a Place called Sam y Mynech; and from the Turnpike Road between Bangor and Conway, at the Village of A her, over Bwich y Ddwyfaen Mountain, to Taly Cafn Ferry aforesaid, and from thence to the Town of Llanrwjt, in the County of Denbigh.

Mr. Winchcombe Hartley presented to the House, according to Order, 'a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Art, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, '* An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Taly Cafn " Ferry, in the County of and through the

" Towns of Cottway, Bangor, and Caernarvon, to the Town of Px clikely, in the same County;" and also for repairing and widening the Roads from y Cafn Ferry aforesaid, on the Side of the River

Conway, to join the Turnpike Road between Conway and Saint Asaph, at a Place called Sarny Mynech and from the Turnpike Road between Bangor and Conway, at the Village of Aber, over y Ddwyfaen Mountain, to Taly Cafn Ferry aforesaid, and from thence to the Town or Llanrwjt, in the County of Denbigh: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

21

An ingossed Bill for lighting and watching the Newington Turnpike Road leading from the Stones End, next Blackman Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary, Newing- Watch. ton, in the County of Surrey, to the Bridge at Walworth, in the same Parish, and the several Roads,

"Ways, and Places, therein described, communicating the rewith, was read the Third Time.

Rejulved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for lighting and watching the Turnpike Road leading from the Stones End, next Blackman Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary, in the County of Surrey, to the Bridge at Walworth, in the same Parish, and the several Roads, Ways, and Places, therein described, communicating the rewith.

Ordered, That Mr. Penton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Greville reported from the Committee, to wdiom Prints; the Bill for amending, and rendering more elsertual Encouraging Two Arts of Parliament, One made in the Eighth Year 0fDdkninr, of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the other in the &c> .

Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Encouragement of the Arts of Defiguing, Engraving, and Etching, Hillorical and other Prints; and for making further Provision to secure the Property of Prints to the Inventors and Engravers thereof, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments wrere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, Upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, to whom Broughton’* the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Art Estate. for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Sir Thom a Broughton, Baronet, situate in the County of Stafford; and purchasing other Estates, situate in the County of Chester, to be settled to the same Uses; and for extinguishing the said Sir Thomas Broughton's Power of making Leases for Lives, as to Part of his settled Estate in the County of Chester, and making such Recompence to him for the same as therein is mentioned, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

A Bill for the further advancing the Cultivation, Cultivation Improvement, and Regulation, of the Common of Arable Fields, Common Meadows, and Commons of Pallure, in this Kingdom, was read a Second Time. 1C

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Sutton, Mr. Barrow, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s 1 Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The House was moved. That the Petition of Wit- Harry’* liam Flamank and Sarah Harry, which was presented Debt to the to the House upon the 10th Day of last, and Crown.

then

Severn

Bridge

and

5k>ucester

Streets#

MHTage from be King;

ivii Lilt.

17 Geo. III. 9’ Aprilis.

33*

then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon To morrow Sevennight, the 17 th Day of this Instant resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Severn at viore, near the City of Gloucej for repairing and making commodious Overs leading from the said City, towards Maifemore aforesaid; for amending and altering the Bridge over another Branch of the said River Severn, near the Welt Gate of the said City; and for enforcing the proper paving and cleansing of the several Streets within the said City; and for re-movingNuifances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future, is committed, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord North acquainted the I Ionfe, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House, and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered), and is as followeth;

GEORGE R.

It gives 11 is Majesty much Concern, to find Himself obliged to acquaint the House of Commons with the Difficulties He labours under, by reason of Debts incurred by the Expences of His Household and of His Civil Government; which, being computed on the Fifth Day of January last, do amount to more than Six Hundred Thousand Pounds. His Majesty relies on the Loyalty and Afteftion of His faithful Commons, of which he has received so many lignal Proofs, for enabling Him to discharge this Debt; and that they will, at the same Time, make some further Provision, for the better Support of His Majesty’s Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown.

R.

Resolved, Nemine contradicenle. That His Majesty’s

said most gracious Message be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Lord North presented to the House, by His Accounts; Majesty’s Command. Civil List.

An Account of all the Civil List Expences which incurred and became due, between the 5th Day of January 1769, and the 5th Day of January 1777, according to the Establishments and other Appointments then in use; distinguilliing each Year; including the Sums paid by the several Receivers of the Extra Revenues, within the same Time, for His Majesty’s Secret and Special Service: And also,

An Account of the Payments for his His Majesty’s Civil Government, and for the Support and Maintenance of His Houshold and Royal Family, from the 5th Day of January 1769 to the 5th Day of January 1777; distinguilliing each Year, and the several Heads of Expence: And also.

An Account of the several Sums which were due and unpaid at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Expence of His Majesty’s Civil Government, on the 5th Day of January 1777, with the Money applicable towards discharging the fame, and the Debt then remaining unprovided for: And also.

An Account, shewing the Amount of the Monies that would have been applicable to the Expences of His Majesty’s Civil Government, if the Hereditary and Temporary Revenues, and so much as was granted to his late Majesty out of the Aggregate Fund and Duty arising from Wine Licences, had been granted to his present Majesty, from His Accession to the 5th of January 1777; the Amount of the Annuity received by His Majesty in lieu of those Revenues; and the Advantage to the Public, after deducting as well the said Annuity as the Money granted by Parliament to pay off the Civil List Debt, on the 5th of January 1769:

And also,

Accounts (in Eight Books) of all the Monies that have been issued and paid, at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, to any Person or Persons, on account of the Privy Purse, Secret Service, Pensions, Bounties, Contingences, or any Sum or Sums of Money, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, without Account, from the 5th Day of January 1769 to the 5th Day of January 1777.

Together with a List of the said Accounts.

And the said Lift was read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

Vol. 36.

An

Aw ACCOUNT of all the CiTrL List Expimcis, which incurred and became due between the 5th Day of January 1769 and the 5th Day of January 1777, according to the Establishments, and other Appointments, then in Use,

dillinguishing each Year, including the Sums paid by the several Receivers of the Extra Revenues, within the same Time, for His Majesty's Secret and Special Service.

D

I % 1 S'

CD

Q_

O

o

eg

FT

To Her Majesty the Queen

Their Royal Highnell’es the Prince of Wales and Bishop of Osnaburg More fix Extraordinary Expences -

Their Royal Highness Prince Wiliam Henry and Prince Edward More for extraordinary Expences His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland Her Royal Highness the Princess Amalie Her Royal Highness the Princess Dowager of H'dies Petitions to the late Servants to D°

Pensions to the late Queen’s Servants -Foreign Ministers, on their ordinary and extraordinary Allowances Fees and Salaries at the Exchequer Pensions and Annuities payable there

The Band of Gentlemen Pensioners Secretaries of State, for Secret Service Richard ShaJwell, Esquire, for Secret Service, by Secretaries of State Sir Grey Cooper, Baronet, for Secret Service Thomas Brad/baw, Esqu ire, - D°

John Rob'mfon, Esqu ire, - D*

Milward Rowe, Esquire, - D*

Secret Service by the Secretary of the Post Office His Majesty’s Privy Purse -

Sundry Persons, as His Majesty *s Free Gift and Royal Bounty Jewels, or Presents in lieu thereof, to Ministers from abroad Contingences of divers Natures.

Expences in the Office of Cofferer of His Majesty’s Houffield D# - of the Treasurer of the Chamber

D* - of the Master of the Great Wardrobe

D# - of the Master of the Robes

D* - of the Paymaftcrof the Works

D* - of the Master of the Horse to His Majesty

D# - of the Master of His Majesty’s Jewel Office

Pensions payable by Lord Viscount Gage Charge of the Hanaper in the Court of Chancery

{To Tho1 Bratfflaw Esquire, for His Majesty’s Special Service To John Rob 'mfon, Esquire, for D°

To Sir Grey Cooper, Baronet, for D0

Revenue of Gibraltar,

Late King’s Arrears,

Money paid by Chas. Ha milton, Esquire, from Gaudeloupc,

| To Sir Grey Cooper, Baronet, for D

4^ per Cent*

Ptrginta Quit Rents,

Nova Scotia Qpit Rents, Sale of Lands in Geagia,

To John Rob'mfon, Esquire, for D° To Sir Grey Cooper, Caronet for D°

► To D°, for D* -

' To D°, for His Majesty’s Secret Service -I ToD°, for His Majesty’s Special Service To Tho% Bradshaw, Esquire, Da I To Sir William Breton% D#

To John Rob 'mfon, Esquire, D#

’ To Tho* Brad/haw, Esquire, D°

To John Robivfony Esquire, D°

To Osgood Hanbury, Esquire,

>To Sir Grey Cooper, Baronet, D°

To John Rob'mfon, Esquire, D° -To D° - - . D°

Cafaal Revenue of Barbadoes, ToD°- - - D° - #

Georgia Q^jit Renta* To D° for His Majesty’s Secret Service

I11 the Year ended 5th of January 1770. jth January 1771. 5 th January 77*’ 5th January 773- 5th January *774- 5 th January 775- 5th January 1776. 5th January 777-

£ / £ d. £ ' d. £ r. d £ /. d. £ * d. £ * d. £ d.

50,000 — — 50,000 — — 50,000 — - 50,000 — — 50,000 — — 50,000 — — 50,000 — — 50,000 — —

5,509 17 6 7,3+6 10 — 7.3+6 10 — 7,3+6 10 — 7,346 10 — 7,3+6 10 —

- - - 3.073 >0 4f 3>*74 *3 Ik 3,o‘7 *7 8 a,;6+ — 7k 2*59° 7 Si 3>SSS *4 6J

557 to — M15 — — i»"5 — — 1.115 — — 1,115 — —

- - - - - 172 10 911 *4 91 876 3 9 1,072 18 7 1,"5 *3 9f

9,000 — — 9,000 — — 9,000 — — 9,000 — — 9.0 CO — — 9,000 — — 9.000 — — 9,000 — —

12,000 — — 12,000 — — 12,000 — — 12.000 — - — 1 2,000 — - — 12,000 — 12,000 — — 12,000 — - _

60,000 — — 60,000 — — 60,000

- - - - *0,735 12 10 9,085 9 2 18,678 15 10 7,311 6 10 i 15,865 S 4

3,120 IO 5 2,969 8 7 2,930 15 10 3,01+ *9 2 2,631 12 2 2,604 4 MSS 5 11 *>47S 7 7

85.935 3 *£ 79,99017 1 93*43 7 81 9*>576 1 *0} 78, 27 8 i 76,936 7 *k 78,506 8 li 76.974 8 3

IK,669 1 + 7i 5,763 *4 m 118,188 15 A 118,610 1 *i 21.357 1 8 *20,937 17 si 120,252 12 Si 119.7+8 4

36,087 5 3i 34,53s 18 Si 34*7*4 *2 8 30,980 a 9i 30.755 16 7k 33*79 1 34,891 16 1 38,013 3 8

6,oco — — 6,000 — — 6,000 — — 6,0c 0 — — 6,000 — — 6,000 — — 6,000 — — 6,000 — —

9,000 — — 9,000 — — 8,967 — li 9,000 — — 9,000 — — 9,000 — — 9,000 — — 9,000 — —

5,278 10 6

42,000 — — 26,000 — — 16,000 — — 12,000 — — 14,000 — — 21,000 — — 23,000 — — 17,000 —

4,000 — - 8,000 — —

- - - - - 11,000 — — 21,000 — — 24,000 — — 25,000 — — 11,000 — — 2 2,000 — —

- - - 4,000 —

6,7*3 12 — 6,7*3 12 — 6.7,3 I. — 7,64a 4 6 6,828 16 — 7,993 7 6 7,*49 6 — 6,263 9 —

48,000 — — 48,000 — — 48,000 — — 48,000 — — 48,000 — — 48,000 — — +8,000 - — 48,000 —

6,766 3i 8,786 7 6 8,106 12 6 5>54° — — 3,890 — — 7,376 — — 7,7+9 IO — 10,300 — —

4*343 6 — 1,629 *5 — 1,637 17 - - 2,0+7 6 — 384 12 — 1,414 11 —

126,461 3 87.42* 12 11 110,243 3 9i 87,561 7 5* 87,416 *4 8i 83.8,-o 9 4f 88,148 8 9% 1 19,616 *7 si

99,260 7 81 99,85+ 8 li "4.455 *9 10 113,262 *9 toi 116,547 18 H 18,357 10 2i 115,630 11 2 II7,490 *5 7

56,998 14 4 59.713 7 81 63,840 10 9 61,844 *6 4i 60,984 8 1 59,816 2 62,552 12 2 63,512 *4 s

4.5*9 15 6 18,420 12 — *3.774 8 3 9,738 12 5 *9*453 *4 11 17,202 10 S 14,309 6 10 18,838 9 8

3,700 IO *t . 4»*4o 11 -I 4.42* — 5i 3,588 2 10 3,956 — Si 3,967 13 — I 3,7*5 5 *1 4,043 *5 — i

36,598 13 S 37,814 *4 4 42,704 8 7f 62,596 5 hi 59.35+ 3 — 50.367 — *J 42,399 18 9z 46,78! 5 7

H.*95 l6 7l 5*845 *5 6J 14,991 3 *o| 15,90+ 7 8 16,112 3 4 7,907 3 li 14 575 *8 7k 5,122 2 2

6,823 17 2 3,962 18 — 10,707 9 2 3.304 *4 6 2,946 9 4 5,>93 6 S 3,038 19 10 2,017 4 —

59.599 18 7 61,063 18 7 58,73«> *9 4 56,420 1 4 53,976 — 10 5+.137 19 4 53,878 6 8 55*101 12 —

2,000 2,000 — — 2,000 ~~ 2,000 2,000 — 2,000 — — 2,000 — 2,000 — "

918,9:6 2 5 i 872,638 12 a* 940,872 5 6} 883,671 *4 0? 875,093 9 °i 874,454 * *f 8+9,275 2 1 901,712 3 3k

11,000 — — 17,000 — —

- - - - 8,700 — — 13,000 — — 12,800 — — 8,000 — — - -; 12,950 — - }

12,000 — — m m - s

2,144 8 4 1,059 7 6 - - - - I 1

914 8 2 958 7 4i if 5

1,149 6 I

83 13 I Z

4.213 5 6 %

14*74* 5 — 9i4 77 5 — 4,*«3 5 6 6,324 1 — 5,272 16 6 7

- - 4*2I3 5 — r *

- - 213 5 — 1

7,375 7 6 j

4,240 — — 1,0+8 — —

10,000 — — 5,900 — — 8,444 — — 6,528 12 — 3,000 — — . 1

900 — — 486 — — 391 10 — A20 — — r

4,000 — — j

150 — — 280 — — -

570 1,000 ..

160 — —

95 *>37 5 4 905,650 4 8J 976,288 12 aj 910,90+ 3 903,666 6 +1 889,53+1+ at 868,975 a U 914,65a 3 3y

Totals.

c

400,000

4-,*42

18,076

<;.oi7

4*49

72.000

06.000

180.000 91,676 22,302

662,190

950,528

*73*58

48.000

7«.967

S*7«

171,000

12.000

114,000

4,000

5^147

384,000

58.51+

««.4S7 790,721 894,860 +89,263 1+6,267

3I.S39

378,616

*+.754 37,994 +52,908 16,000

7 6 4 10 —

Si

to — i

6 —

1* —

7t 7 ~i

10 6

19 —

4 3

7 l 11 zi 6 6 to —

18 6

10 1

5

a

16 8

7,116,63+ a 6{

95.45°-----

'5,076 11 +| 1,149 6 *

183 13 — I 56,045 6 —

45.358 —

430-----

570-----

1,000 — — 160 — —

7,322,057 I —

Us>

cf Aprilis. A. 1777.

D

cq‘

i-H-

n'

CD

CL

cr

O

O

OQ

o

r

CO

o

Ak ACCOUNT of the Paymintj M — ..... ... i

3 cf His Ma/kstv's Crvu. Cov KUXNT, artd

*777

for the Support and Maintenance of Tfrs Unt/SHCLD fln^ Royal Fami

d ttingi iOiing each Year, and the several Heads of Expcuce.

CYf fro:r» ih*

5th Day of Jamtory 176), t<T the 5th Day of January

At the Exchequer:

To her Majesty the Queen....

To the Princess Dowager of Wales - -

To the Prince of Wales and Bishop of Osnaburg More for Extraordinaries -

For Prince William Henry and Prince EdxarJ -More for Extraordinaries -

To the Duke of Cumberland -

For the late Queen’s Servants -For the late Princess Dowager of Wales's Servants -To the Cofferer of His Majesty’s Houshold -To the Treasurer of the Chamber -To the Matter of His Majesty’s Great Wardrobe To the Matter of the Robes -

To the Matter of the Horse, for Extraordinaries of the Stables To the Pay matter of His Majesty’s Works -To Foreign Ministers on their ordinary and extraordinary Allowances -For Fees and Salaries -

For Persons and Annuities at the Exchequer -For D° — payable by Lord Viscount Gage To sundry Persons as His Majesty’s Free Gift and Royal Bounty To the Band of Gentlemen Pensioners -

To Richard Shadwell, Esquire, for Secret Service, by His Majesty’s 7 Secretaries of State - J

To His Majesty’s Secretaries of State, for Secret Service To Sir Grey Cooper, Baronet, - for D° - -

To Thomas Bradjhcnv, Esquire, - for D®

To John Robinson, Esquire, - for D°

To Millard Rowe, Esquire - for D® - -

To the Secretary of the Pott Office, for D° - -

For His Majesty’s Privy Purse -

For Jewels, or Presents, in lieu thereof, to Ministers from Abroad To His Majesty’s Goldsmith, for Plate -

For Contingcuces of divers Natures -

« . _ f To the Princess Dowager of Wales

At the Excise Office, {Tq the printeft ....

At the Poll Office, To the Princess Dowager of Wales

At the Alienation Office, For the Charge of the Hanaper in the Court J

of Chancery - - - J

<0

' n the Year ended the 5 h of January I 770. 5th January 177 * 5th January 1772. 5L'l January 17/3- 5th January 17 74-

£ s. d. £ d. £ s d. £. s d.

50,000 — — '-TV 0 O O 0 1 — 50,000 — — 50 OOOO — — 62,500 —

10,000 — — 10,000 — — 10,000 — — 2,500 ——

- - 3,673 5 7J46 10 — 9.183 2 6

- - - 2,380 l6 9t 3»*32 8 9 3i°4* I 2 3z

m - - 278 is — *,3<)3 <5

m m - - - - . - - - 611 2 6

9,000 — — 9,000 — — 9 000 — — 9.000 — — 11,250

5^61 19 a»*75 *6 si 3*039 17 8 2*219 *3 8i 2,208 7 ni

- - - - 5.178 1 114 11 4 i

191*517 2 ni 71,934 16 i i '94*050 18 3i 101,103 12 3i 89,008 4 ai

100,686 2 9\ 50,2 15 19 8 56,044 18 S 60,16 x *9 4 47,481 9 3

32,422 2 1 l6,270 I9 2 18,856 >3 2 >7*752 13 2 12,511 17 6

6,7? 1 11 7i 2 938 9 A 4>253 2 7} 3.i?6 *3 8i 2*«47 6

24,000 — — 13,000 — 13,000 — — 13,000 — 14,000 — -

55,020 5 1 1 36,0^2 7 4i 3»*958 16 7$ 45-7*9 3 3i 58,398 6 io|

163,5,80 4i 61022 1 3 70,886 8 2} 9'..8 05 18 ioj 66,405 19 5

171,618 6 St 93*52S 3 l\ 110,269 6 11 110,083 13 H 114,479 l9 7

64.73s — ii 28638 2 i°i 28,302 10 Hi 3°>977 19 2i 28,779 17 2i

99,360 12 3 60,346 8 — 44,683 18 5 57,739 3 11 42.099 5 3

0,766 4 3i 8,7*6 7 6 8,106 12 6 5,540 — 3.89°

10,500 4,500 — — 4,500 — — 6,000 — — 4.500 — —

- - - - 00 10 6

9,000 — — 6,750 — — 10,277 9 Si 9,62a 11 — 7,067 — 2i

42,000 — — 26,000 — — 16,000 — — 12,000 — — 14,000 —

4,000 — — 8,000 - - - - .

- - - 11,000 — — 21,000 — — 24,000 — —

- 4,000 — —

10,085 8 — 5.883 *4 — 8,404 10 — 7.642 4 6 6,828 16 .

48,000 — - — 44,000 — — 48,000 — — 44,000 — — 52,000 — —

4*.H3 6 — 1,629 15 — *.637 17 — - -

14,872 2 3»S9S 3 5 *, M 5 10 — 11,689 12 4 2,164 19 7

131,204 1 9 74,180 — 8i i°7.S9* 4 90*733 7 Hi 82,776 5 »i

1,265^104 16 1 692,595 4 4 767.033 17 -i 824,394 2 U 784.537 8 . 5i

10,000 — — 10,000 — — 10,000 - m

22,000 — — 12,000 — — 12,000 — — 12,000 — — 1 2,000 — —

40,000 — — 40,000 — — 40,000 - m

2,000 — — 2,000 — — 2,000 — — 2,000 — — 2,000 — —

i»329>io4 16 1 756,595 4 4 831,033 17 — } 838,394 2 798.537 8 si

5th Jan *775-

S»5°9 >7 6

1,629 j q 836 5 -I

,833 *9 Mi

6,750-----

2.631 12 2

*4.537 16 a m 7,772 11 io{ 55,8*1 ij 2 9453 4,‘s8 17*000 42,024 60,629 107*972 23,825 4-o?4$5

>4

>4

11

6

8

l7

6

*7

7,376-----

6,000-----

9,000 — . _ 21,000 — —

25,000 — —

7,993 7 6

48,000 — - _ 2,047 6 —

1,180 7 4

8i, S86 4 8

769,536 17 3i 12,000 — —

2,000 — _

783,536 *7 3i

5th January 1 T-jb

£ J. 50,000-----

7,346 2,5:i2 I.M5

1,070 9 000 2,604

23, S*3

76,806

50,321

12,561

3,967

18,000

32,106

101,720

125,466

3S>7°7

53,75°

7,749

6,coo

10 —

_S ji 9 10

6 ~

8 11

17 61 *5 3k

3 '° *3

18 61 2 4i

i r 6

n ?

16 4

10 —

I, ,2$0----

23,000 — —

II, 000 —

7,249 6 — 48,000 — — 384 12 —

2,830 14 9 83,066 19 6£

808,208 18 12,000 — —

2,000 — —

822,208 18 8J

5th January

1777

£. s. d.

50,000-----

7.346

3,434

1,115 1.046 9 000 i*9«;3

13*311

91421

48.311 11,465

3.715

15,000

33,398 56,854

107,406 13 28,150 15 39,846 6 10,300 — —

4,50°-----

10

6

12

«9

10

2

12

6

5

2

1

Totals.

9,000 — —

17.000 -

22.000 — —

6,263 9 —

48,000 — — 1,414 11 — 5,789 17 1

124,082 13 7J

771,127 16 — i

12,000 — —

2,000 -- —

785,127 l6 — $

There remained in Cash in the Exchequer, on the 5th of January 1777 - - - '

Besides which Sum, there remains to be replaced to the Civil Litt, to make good Payments, pursuant to Addresses, wz. To William Bovyer, Esquire ——

John Hatfell, Esquire....

Mr. Edward Moore ——

Kenton C*use% Esquire, to complete the Repain, CsY. of the King’s Bench Prison -

For answering the Payments for His Majesty’s Civil Litt,

There remained in the Exchequer, on the 5th of January 1769 -

Granted out of the Supplies, for the Year 1769, to replace Money paid, pursuant to Addresses -

More granted out of D# to Discharge the Debts owing upon the Civil List, on the cth of January 1769

The Annuity of £. 800,000, for 8 Years, from the 5th of January 1769 to the 5th of January 177 7* amount! to

4,000 — 600 — 1,200 — 6,260 2

35,640 12 2

12,060 2 —

63,728 14 3f

15,000 -

78.7*8 14 3f

513,511-----

6,400,000 --- —

400.000

32.500 4<MO>' 17,150

4.758 3,870 72,coo

22>59S 72,050 8; 1,615 469,045 141,314 3*768

127.000 334,798 677,903 940,822

2^9I37

438,292

8,514

46.500

S»27«

71.967

171.000 12,000

114.000 4,000

60,350

380.000

*'*457

43,238

775,220

/ d.

1> —

12 71 '5 —

4 9i

12 ic£

9 2 6 2

10 — 1 10 2 115 ioi

I4I

19 II{ 12 6

9 9i

8 —

*4 3

IO

— 7*

*5 —

7 —

17 8

IS Si

6,682,539 30,000 96,000 120,000

16,000

6,944-539 —

*4

47*700 *4 *

6,992,239 14

OO

UO

V.

17 Geo. III.

334

9* Apri

.1777

An ACCOUNT of the several Sums which were due and unpaid at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Expence of His Majesty’s Civil Government, on the 5th Day of January 1777, with the Money applicable towards discharging the fame, and the Debt then remaining unprovided for; m*.

To Her Majesty the Queen, on ^. 50,000 per Annum. - -

To the Prince of Wales and Bishop of Ofnon 7,346. 10s. per Annum -

To defray sundry Expences for the said Princes -

To Prince William Henry and Prince Edzoa on ^.t,i 15 j)er Annum

To defray sundry Expences for the said Princes - - - .

To the Duke of Cumberland, on £.9,000 per Annum -

For Pensions to the Servants to the late Queen -

For Pensions to the Servants to the late Princess Dowager of Wales -

To the Cofferer of His Majesty’s Houshold -

To the Treasurer of the Chamber -

To the Matter of the Great Wardrobe ——

To the M after of the Robes -

For His Majesty’s Works and Gardens ——

For the Extraordinaries of His Majesty’s Stables -

To His Majesty’s Goldsmith, for Plate -

To Foreign Ministers, on their Ordinary and Extraordinary Allowances -For Fees, Salaries, and Pensions, payable at the Exchequer -For Pensions and Bounties payable by Lord Viscount Gage -To the Band of Gentlemen Pensioners -

To the Secretaries of State, for Secret Service -

To the Secretary of the Poll Office, for D* - -

12,500-----

1,836 12 6

849 9 — i

O T ? — —

2,25°----

3,076 14 — 20,025 9 5

135415 *5 8£

70,938 16 7

21,566 9 11

4»°43 15 — 56,788 3 — £

11,309 4 —

3>552 1

9I»935 *4 145.79° *5 I0i 68,652 17 6

7,500 — —

2,250----

1,784 16 —

For Contingences of divers Natures.

To the King’s Printers -

For incident Expences of the Board of Trade -To the Uffier of the Receipt of the Exchequer -To the Uffier of the Court of Exchequer -

To sundry Sheriffs, for Conviction of Felons, 6fc. -To Thomas Sandby, for Diffiurfements in Forest

To Lord Viscount Howe, and Sir William Hozoe, Commissioners for restoring Peace in America, £. 100 per Week each -

To Henry Strachey, Esquire, Secretary to the said Commissioners -

To Ambrose Serle, Esquire, another -

To Benedict Schaller, for necessaries furnished the Treasury -For Rent of the Privy Seal Office -

For Rent of the Secretary of State’s Office in Cleveland Rozv -For Rent of Mote Park ——

For Ground Rent of Cumberland House -

For Pay of Watchmen at the Exchequer - -

For watering the Ring in Hyde Park -

For the Under Clerks of the Council - - - -

To Officers of the Tally Court, for striking Tallies -

To the Company of Chelsea Water-Works -

To the Keeper of Bagshot Rails, for Turnips, (He. for the Deer To the Duke of Gbucejier, for the Expence of holding Swanimote Courts -

£. s. d. 13,243 14 ni-2,634 4 8

11,489 1 11

1,106 13 9

1,640-----

2,281 15 7

1,742 17 2

183-----

122-----

120-----

102 13 6

233 8 9

80 17 3

' 316 18 6

87-----

200-----

300-----

196 — — 65 17 6

175-----

30-----

Towards satisfying the above Sums, there remained in the Exchequer on the 5th ol january 1777 ---- 35,640 12 2

To which, adding the Sum to be granted out of the Aids 1777,10 replace Payments, pursuant to Addresses, before the 5th of January 1777 - - 12,060 2 —

And the Total thereof being deducted ——

36,351 3

698,976 — 24

47,700 14 2

Will leave the Debt unprovided for, on 5th of January 1777

651,275 6

Memorandum:

9° Aprilis.

7 Geo. III.

Memorandum:

This Debt is the greater, by the Monies issued to the following Persons, pursuant to His Majesty’s Orders, to be by them applied for the Relief and Benefit of sundry American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government.

To Thomas Pratt, Esquire -

Mihcard Iiou e, Esquire -

Thomas Cotton, Esquire -

John Martin Leake, Esquire -

I- s. d. 13,664 i — -

I5>793 J9 — 1,092 9 6

i,n9 7 —

Befitles which there has been paid for the above Purpose, by

£. s. d.

Sir Grey Cooper, Baronet - - 285-----

John Robinson, Esquire - - 980 — —

31,669 16 6

1,265 — "

Total applied on account of this Service ... 32,934 16 6

Therefore were Parliament to make good to His Majesty this

Sum of -

The Debt then remaining unprovided for would be - - - £

C'

335

s. d.

32,934 16 6 618,340 9

Voi.. 56.

An

An ACCOUNT {hewing the Amount of the Monies that would have been applicable to the Expences of His Majesty’s Civil Government, if the Hereditary and Temporary Revenues, and so much as was granted to his late Majesty out of the Aggregate Fund, and Duty arising from Wine Licences, had been granted to His present Majesty from His Accession to the 5th of January 1777; the Amount of the Annuity received by His Majesty in lieu of those Revenues; and the Advantage to the Public, after deducting as well the said Annuity as the Money q. granted by Parliament to pay off the Civil List Debt, on the 5th of January 1769; viz.

o

(Q_

r~H

n’

CD

Cl

Cr

o

o

eg

FT

From the 25th of October 1760 to the 5th of January 1762 — —

In the Year ended the 5th of January 1763

4 '

5 -

6 -

7 "

8 -

9 -

1770 -

1

2

3 *

4 -

5 '

o

Net Produce of the Hereditary and Temporary Rerenues.

„ £ 645,844

638,293

667*743

723,976

813,979

707,217

73^,336

752»744

778,678

779,186

794,763

788,873

776,370

784,774

838,283

860,406

f. d,

- Hi 2 8f 6 if 2 if

5 "f

2

6 15

J3 8

2

6f

6f

5*

-i

3 8

— 2 12 iof 16 — 12 nf

12,083,470 9 3$

Charge on the Aggregate Fond.

£.I SO, OOOO ftr pursuant to an Act l* Gctrgii ad1.

£. 70,000 per Annum, pursuant to an Act 9* Georgii ad*, in lieu of Duty on Low Wines, C*.

144,8*7 11

120.000 —

120.000 —

120.000 —

120.000 —

120.000 —

120.000 —

120.000 —

120.000 —

120.000 —

120.000 —

120.000 --

120,000 --

120,000 --

120,000 --

120,000 --

8f

1,944,827 11 8|

£. s. d. 84,482 15 2

70.000 -

70.000 -

70.000 -

70.000 -

70.000 -

70.000 -

70.000 -

70.000 -

70.000 -

70.000 -

70.000 -

70.000 -

70.000 -

70.000 -

70.000 -

1,134,482 15 2

The Sum of £. 2,125. 15/. %\d. brought to Account Annually at Mid/um-mer, pursuant to Act 4* Ged* 2d1, in lieu of the Flax Duty, repealed.

i,473

2.125

2.125

2.125

2.125 2,1*5

2.125

2.125

2.125

2.125

2.125

2.125

2.125

2.125

2.125

2.125

s. d. 9 5i

15 2i 15

l5

l5

15 H

15 2

*5

15 2f

15 2

15 2*

15 2i

15 2f

!5

33,359 *7 7

The Sum of 2,388. 4/. 11/ brought to Account Annually, on the 12th of 3f^w, pursuant to an Act, ia° Get*. in lieu of Duty on Woollen and Bay Yam reported from Inland, repealed.

On

£. 7,002. Iff. 3d. per Jnnum, brought to Account Quarterly, From the Duty on Wine Licences, pursuant to Act 30 Geoii ad1.

1,302

2.388 2,388-

2.388

2.388

2.388

2.388

2.388

2.388

2.388

2.388

2.388

2.388

2.388

2.388

2.388

d.

H

II II JI II II 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11

37,125 15 5$

8,45!

7.002

7.002

7.002

7.002

7.002

7.002

7.002

7.002

7.002

7.002

7.002

7.002

7.002

7.002

7,002

J. d. 11 — 14 14 14 14

3

3 3 3

14 3 14 3

14

14

14

14

14

14

14

14

14

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

1 *3>492 4 9

The Amount of the Annuity of £. 800,000, granted to His Majesty, from the 25th of 1760 to the 5th of 1777, is

The Produce as above exceeds the Annuity by -

But Parliament granted to pay off the Civil List Debt on the 5th of January 1769, out of the Supplies for the Year 1769

Which being deducted shews the Gain to the Public to be

TOTALS.

886,381

839,809

869,260

925»492

1,015,496

9o8,733

933>852

954»26i

980,195

980,703

996,280

990,389

977,886

986,291

1,039,800

1,061,923

s. d. 10 — J 17 1

— 6 16 6

— 4 3

16 11

— 11

9 10 7 5 2 7f

17 — i

14 61

7 3

10 4$

7 4

VO

Q

ir

S*

15,346,75s 13

12,965,517 4 9!

k

2,381,241 9 if

513,511----- M

1,867,730 9 if

17 Geo. III.

9° Aprilis,

337

An ACCOUNT of alt Monies which have been blued and p&id at the Receipt of the Exchequer, to any Person or Persons, on Account of the Privy Purse, Secret Service, Pensions, Bounties, Contingences, or any Sum or Sums of Money, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, without Account, from the 5 th Day of Jammy 1769 to the 5th Day of January 1770.

ROYAL FAMILY.

To Her Majesty Queen Charlotte -

His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland The Princess Dowager of Wales -

Total of the royal family

Foreign Ministers.

To Sir Joseph Yorkr, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the States General of the United Provinces- -

David Viscount Stormont, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Court of Vienna -

William Henry Earl of Rochford, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Mod Christian King -

Stanier Porten, Esquire, Secretary to the above Embassy -Fulk Greville, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Elector of Bavaria, 8Cc. -

Sir James Wright, Knight, Resident with the Republic of Venice -

Sir Andrew Mitchell, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the King of

Prussia....

J/aac Jamineau, Esquire, Consul at Naples -

Lewis de V if me, Esquire, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Catholick King -- ... ..

Emanuel Mathias, Esquire, Agent with the Hans Towns ' -Frederick Lawrence, Esquire, on his Allowance -Daniel Bomeester, Esquire, Consul at Carthagena -

William Hamilton, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of the Two Sicilie* Archibald Campbell Frafer, Esquire, Agent and Consul at Algiers -

Stanhope Afpinwall, Esquire, on his Allowance -

James Holford, Esquire, His Majesty’s Consul at Genoa -

James Brujlri/, Efijuire, Consul at Madrid -

Robert Murray Keith, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the Court of Dresden W~ Gordon, Esquire, His Majesty’s Minister Plenipotentiary at the Court of BruJJHs ——

Eduard Hay, Esquire, on his Allowance ——

Robert Gunning, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Denmark Sir James Porter, on his Allowance - - '

Solomon Dayrolle, Esquire, on D°

John Burnaby, Esquire, on D° -

John Murray, Esquire, Ambassador at the Ottoman Porte -

Joseph Popham, Esquire, Consul at Tetuan -

Walter Titley, Esquire, His Majesty’s Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Denmark ——

William Henri/ Littleton, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the

Most Faithful King....

Robert Walpole, Esquire, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Catholic King ——

George Pitt, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the King of Sardinia ——

Janu's Trail, Esquire, Consul at Tunis -

Benjamin Langlois, Esquire, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Court of Vienna ——

William Norton, Esquire, Minister to the Acj/5 Cantons -

Ralph Woodford Esquire, Resident with the Hans Towns -Phillip Stanhope, Esquire, Elnvoy Extraordinary to the Court of Dresden Sir John Goodricke, Baronet, E,nvoy to the Court of Sioeden -Sir Horace Mann, Baronet, Elnvoy Extraordinary to the Great Duke of Tuscany -Sir James Gray, His Majesty’s Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Catholic King ——

More, on hisPension of £.3 by the Day -

Thomas Wroughton, Esquire, His Majesty’s% Minister at the Court of the King of

Poland ——

Jpfiah Hardy, Esquire, Consul at Cadiz.....* £ *

Vol. 36. 4 R

tf.

50.000 -

9,000----

10.000 -

£. 69,000-----

13,100-----

13,650 10 —

8,681 6 nj 1,132----->

3,645----

2,893 -

7,048----

800----

I, 800----

J, 472 -

600 -

200 -

2>39° 15 — 400-----

5°o----

1,750 -

2»!75-----

3’655-----

2.193 -

3,895 -

2,250----

2.193 -

1,096 10 —

2.193 — —

1,300-----

561 13 4

6,373 -

2,145 17 —

3,211 17 — 1,000 — - —

2,162-----

2,913-----

2,934 -

2,505-----

5,916 17 6

5,191 15 —

15,271 8 6|

2.193 -

2,693 -400 — — -

To

538

To Michael Hatton, Esquire, Confu] at the Ports of Newport, and Bruges, in

Flanders ——

Henry Shirley, Esquire, for managing His Majesty’s Affairs at the Court of Russia Edward Barker, Esquire, Consul at Tripoli ....

Charles Holzendorff, Esquire, for Services performed to His Majesty in Foreign Parts ——

Charles Lord Cathcart, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Empress of Russia ....

Robert Irvine, Esquire, His Majesty’s Consul at Ncivport, OJlend, and Bruges, in Flanders ....

William Carrolle, Esquire, charged with His Majesty’s Affairs in the Court of

Dreflen ....

James Harris, Esquire, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Catholic

King ....

Thomas Potter, Esquire, whom His Majesty hath commanded to manage His Affairs at the Court of Turin .....

Simon Earl Harcourt, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Mod

Christian King -----....

William Lynch, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Sardinia

Sir John Dick, Baronet, Consul at Leghorn ....

William Wilkie, Esquire, Consul at Tripoli -

Total of Foreign Ministers

Fees, Salaries, Pensions, and Annuities.

To the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer -

Frederick Lord North, Chancellor of the Exchequer -John Shelly, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in the ToVrer of London, for Three Clerks ——

More to him, on £.500 a Year -

Richard Morley, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in the Court of Exchequer More, as Keeper of D° in the Chapter House at Westminster -

Robert Jennings, Esquire, for his extraordinary Services in the Office of Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer - -

Bart ho. Lucas, Gent, for keeping the Register of all the Public Loans in the said Office ——

The Clerks of His Majesty’s Treasury ——

Hugh Valence Jones, One of the Solicitors of the Treasury -Thomas Nuthall, Esquire, another ——

John Jackson, Porter, attending the Exchequer Gate -

John Earl Tilney, Warden of the Forest of Waltham.

Henry Rooke, Chief Clerk in the Record Office in the Tower of London John Earl of Bute, Ranger or Keeper of Richmond Park -Peter Calvert, Esquire, Keeper of the Records relating to the forfeited Estates in England ——

Abraham Farley, Senior, Deputy Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Exchequer Robert Pigof, Esquire, Solicitor in the Court of Exchequer -

William Duke of Gloucester, Ranger of Windsor Forest -

More, for holding Swanimote Courts ——

The LTnder Keepers of Cranbourn Chafe ——

Henry Duke of Neucaflc, Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer -

Sir Edward Waljwle, Knight, Clerk of the Pells -

Robert Nunn, Porter of the Outward Gate at Windsor Castle -Nathaniel Rowe, Clerk of the Foreign Ellreats in the Court of Common Pleas John Shelly, Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe -

The Clerks of the Council -

Charles Earl of Cornwallis, late His Majesty’s Warden and Chief Justice in Eyre

of all His Forests on the South Side of ....

Robert Herbert, Esquire, His Majesty’s Surveyor General, the Representatives

ofDB.....----

George Earl of Pomfret, Ranger of the House or Little Park at Windsor

Augustus Earl Berkley, Constable of the Forest of Deane.

Lord Viscount Clare, First Commissioner of Trade and Plantations -

The Commissioners for promoting Trade in this Kingdom -

John Pownall, Secretary to the above Commflioners -

William Henry Earl of Rochford, one of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State Thomas Viscount IVei/mouth, another ——

Willes Earl of Hill/borough, another -

William Earl of Shelburne, late another ——

Sir Charles Cotlcrell Dormer, Knight, Mailer of the Ceremonies to 13 is Majesty Francis Rarlow, King’s Clerk in the Crown Office -

Francis Earl of Hertford, Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty’s lloulhold -William Earl Talbot, Lord Steward of His Majesty’s Houshold - -

The Representatives of P/yfe Campbell, late one of the Commissioners of the Treasury.....<?*

A. 1777,

f s. d

96 14 — i

646----

1,260----

800 — —

6,900----

3°3 5 11

37°-----

1,148----

89I -

5,100-----

1,990-----

nz 13 —

937 10 —

163,692 13 4

8,000 — — 1,600-----

500-----

420-----

480-----

100 — —

50-----

3.000 -

200-----

1.000 — —

20 -

337 10 "

2O0-----

120 15 —

400 —

40-----

150-----

537 9

40----

20-----

200-----

195 8 4

25-----

40-----

120 — — 700-----

1,812 10 —

3Gi 3 4f

1,050-----

420-----

518 — 9$

12,768 —

2,012 10 —

1»79I 10 5

1.850 -

1.850 -

58 9

200----

100----

6^.000----

3,080 —

29s i7

To

17 Geo. III.

9* April is.

To Jeremiah Dyfott, Esquire, one of the Commissioners of the Treasury *

Samuel Lord Sarnies, on his Allowance -

Thomas Duke of Leeds, Chief Justice in Eyre of His Majesty’s Forcfts beyond Trent ——

Sir Fletcher Norton, Knight, Chief Justice in Eyre of His Majesty’s Forests on this Side of Trent ——

William dc Grey, Esquire, His Majesty’s Attorney General -

Sir John Cust, Spe;iker of the House of Commons -

John Dunning, Esquire, His Majesty’s Solicitor General - -

Henry Earl of Darlington, Keeper of His Majesty’s Jewels - -

Granville Levifon Earl Gower, Lord President of His Majesty’s Privy Council

GeorgeDuke of St. Albans, on his Annuity -

Richard Hammond, Esquire, Foreign Appofcr in the Court of Exchequer George Earl of Orford, Ranger of Hyde Park -

More, for Two additional Keepers to St. James's Park - -The Messengers of the Exchequer -

Thomas Sandby, Superintendaut of the Works in Windsor Great Park -

Thomas Gibbons, Messengerof His Majesty’s Chamber -

Charles Palmer, and others, for Services by them performed in His Majesty’s Treasury ——

Robert Earl of Worthington, late Lord President of His Majesty’s Privy Council -

William Earl of Chatham, Keeper of His Majesty’s Privy Seal -

John Tracey Atkyns, Esquire, Fifth Baron in the Court of Exchequer -

Thomas Grm/, B. L. Profelfor of Modern History in the University of Cambridge -

George Onslow, Esquire, of Oakham, Out Ranger of Windsor Forest -

Francis Earl of Huntingdon, Groom of the Stole to His Majesty -

Samuel Lord Masham, one of the Gentlemen of His Majesty’s Bed Chamber

William Earl of March, another - -

Lord Willoughby de Broke, another ——

Thomas Lord Bruce, another -

Edward Earl of OiJ'ord, another -

Bojil Earl of Denbigh, another -

George William Earl of Coventry, another -

Lord Robert Bertie, another ——

George Dake of Manchester, another - - - r - -

George Earl of Orford, another -

John Duke of Roxburgh, another ——

Norbourne Lord Botetourte, another -

Frederick Lord Viscount Bolingbroke, another -

George Earl of Pomfret, another -

George Lord Viscount Villiers, Vice Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houshold

John Augu/lus Hervey, Esquire, One of the Grooms of His Majesty’s Bed Chamber Charles llotham, Esquire, another -

Sir James Wright, another - -

Edmund Nugent, Esquire, another - - - . - -

John Mojtyn, Esquire, another ——

John Mor daunt, Esquire, another ——

George Pitt, Esquire, another ——

William Northey, Esquire, another ——

Sir James Peachey, Baronet, another ——

Sir William Breton, Knight, another -

Henry Wallop, Esquire, another ——

William Harcourt, Esquire, another ——

Peter Burrell Esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Lands -

Edmund Billiop of Chester, for Four Preachers -

Thomas Ramsden, Esquire, His Majesty’s Latin Secretary -

Richard Wat Jon, Esquire, Profelfor of Chymistry in the University of Cambridge Thomas Dring and John Pickell, Keepers of the Council Chamber -

The Corporation of Lyme Regis ——

Kepresentatives of Joseph Spence, Professor of Modern History in the University of Oxford ——

Dr. Richard Dickson Lillingfon, Reader to the Houshold Servants at Hampton Court

Edward Bibb ins, Junior, Mefl'enger appointed to look after the Printing Press

Abraham Farley and John Borlace, Esquires, Deputy Chamberlains of His Majesty’s Exchequer -

Clids AlinijtrisSecrii ——

Anthom/ Shepherd, D. D. Profelfor of Mechanics to His Majesty - -

The Executors of Dr. Robert Smith, late Mailer of Mechanics to His Majesty John Lord Billiop of Sant m, Chancellor of the Order of the Garter -

John 7 'aber Kemp, Attorney General at New York

John Earl of Rothes, on £. 200 a Year -

The Representatives of Lady Katherine Wemyfs Francis Ix>rd Napier, on £. 800 a Year -Andrew St. Clair, Junior, Esquire, on £ 200 a Year -George Earl of Cranford, on £. 350 a Year Yol. 36.

339

1 s> *

41 7 7

3.000 — —

7*133 6 8

1,787 10 — 115 10 — 1,500 — — 115 10 — 1,400 — — 7,149 8 6

L75----

120----

700-----

157 10 — 208 — —

730 -

60 16 8

740-----

1,063 4 4±

2,808 13 2

125----

376 5 9i 375 -

4.000 -

2.000 -

2.000 -

2.000 -

2.000 — - —

2.000 -

2.000 -

2.000 -

2.000 — —

2.000 -

2.000 — —

1,824 *4 3

U922 8 3

1,761 9 io£

2.000 -

1,050-----

1.000 -

1.000 -

1.000 -

1.000 -

1,006 — — *

1.000 -

1.000 -

1.000 -

1.000 -

1.000 -

1.000 -

1.000 -

18 13 7$-

200-----

200 — —

200-----

146 — 100-----

432 12 2

40-----

60 -

80

35

213

049

855

225

265

64

1,600

7

t

3

400 ---

7OO —

340

9® Aprilis.

To Lady Mary Campbell, on i oo a Year

James Earl of Lauderdale, on £.800 a Year -

James Earl of Finlater, on £. 200 a Year -

Sir Robert Menzies, on £. 400 a Year -

Alexander Frazer, Esquire, on £. 400 a Year -

Alexander Lord Banff, on £. 200 a Year -

John Lord Gray, on £. 200 a Year -

James Lord Forbes ——

James Coutts and Thomas Coutls, on £. 600 a Year -

Ann Countess of Korthejk, on £. 360 a Year -

Sholto Charles Douglas (commonly called Lord Aberdour) on £. 800 a Year -Charles Lord Cathcart, on £. 1,200 a Year -

Lord George Hay, on £. 600 a Year -

John Earl of Hjjndford, on £. 800 a Year -

Captain Errick Sutherland, on his Allowance of 100 a Year Alexander Earl of Galloway, on £. 800 a Year -

Hugh Ix>rd Raye, on £. 200 a Year -

The Officers of the Pipe Office -

John l^ey, Esquire, Clerk Assistant of the House of Commons

Samuel Bowerman, One of the Messengers attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer -

Edward Harland, another -

The late Reverend George Tilfon, Reader and Preacher at Hampton Court Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Clerk of the Foreign Estreats in the Court of Exchequer Edward Hatton, Esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s Private Roads The Secondaries in the Remembrancer’s Office - -

The Clerks in the above Office....

George William Earl of Bristol', Keeper of His Majesty’s Privy Seal

John Pollen, Esquire, Chief Justice of Carmarthen, Sic.

Edward Poor, Esquire, Second Justice of D* -

Dailies Barrington, Chief Justice of Carnarvon, Sc. - -

James Hays, Esquire, Second Justice of D* -

John Williams, Esquire, Chief Justice of Glamorgan -William Hfiitaker, Esquire, Second Justice of D®

William Cheticynd, Esquire, Examiner of all Interludes, fife.

Edward Capell, Esquire, Deputy of D® - . ’ -

Henry Folks, Esquire, Messenger of the Order of the Bath - -

The Mayor of Macclesfield. - -- .

Neville Majkelyne, A. M. on £. 250 a Year -Sir Francis Molineux, Knight, Gentleman Uffier Black Rod Claudius A my and, Esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s Libraries -

A. 1777-

£ ' d-24! 6 11

1.600 -

1.600 —

800----

800 —

400-----

400-----

400-----

1,200 — — 600 — —

1.600 -

2,400 — —

600 ——

200 — — 113 18 4

1,800----

3J5 7 *4 129 3 4 100 — ' —

36 10 — 36 10 —

7 18 3

106 13 4

61-----

18-----

22 10 — 2,465 6 10

500-----

500-----

400----

500----

500-----

400-----

800-----

400 — — 1

750-----

75-----

437 10 — 400 — — 200----

Total of Fees and Salaries

158,634 14 6

Debentures.

To the Officers of the Receipt of Exchequer -

Charles Lord Camden, Chancellor of Great Britain - - - - *

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Ulher of the Receipt of Exchequer, for the Watchmen

John Tracey Atkyns, Esquire, Fifth Baron of the Exchequer -

Thomas Ramsden, Esquire, His Majesty’s Latin Secretary - -

William Sharpe, Esquire, Keeper of the Council Records -

The Clerks of the Privy Council ——

John Earl of Bute, Ranger of Richmond Park -

Robert Earl of Holdemejs, Constable of Dover Castle -

Thomas Duke of Leeds, Chief Justice in Eyre on the North Side of Trent

Sir Fletcher Norton, D* South Side of Trent -

John Earl Cornwallis, Chief Justice in Eyre on the South Side of Trent George Earl of Oxford, Ranger of St. James's Park - -

Nicholas Bonfuy, Esquire, One of His Majesty’s Sergeants at Arms - -Henry Brougham, Esquire, another - - - - -.

John Bristow, Gent. Keeper of the Lions in the Tower -

William Duke of Gloucester, Ranger of Hampton Court Park -

William Earl of Chatham, Keeper of the Privy Seal - -

Sir Charles Cot ter ell Dormer, Knight, Mailer of the Ceremonies Stephen Cotterell, Esquire, Assistant to D® - - -' -

Claudius Amyand, Esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s Libraries - -

Andreev Stone, Esquire, Keeper of the State Papers at Whitehall The Ministers of the Isle of Mann -

Martha Bonfoy, Housekeeper at Newmarket -

George Duke of Montague, Governor of WindforCastle - -

Thomas Wynne, One of the Auditors in the Court of Exchequer Henry Shelly and Michael Warden, who A As as the other -John Trvejdale, Esquire, Apothecary in Ordinary to His Majesty The Fellows of Eton College

The King’s Sergeants at Arms ——

786 — 8

5,000----

365 " ~

163 6 8

80-----

875-----

I>75°----

192 18 —

8,200----

200-----

85 3 8* 206 9 7f

L565 3 9 100 7 6 100 7 6

136 17 6

7f 3 4 389----

400 — r-

443 *3 4 400 — — -

320-----

200-----

400 — — jfe 10 .

600-----

»3°-----

84-----

1,608 4 —

To

17 Geo. III.

p° Aprilis.

To George Earl of Pomfret, Ranger of the House Park, at

Rachael Lloi/d, I Ioufekeeper at Kensington -

' Richard Beresford, Esquire, Mailer of the Tennis Courts

Solomon Dayrvlle, Esquire, Mailer of His Majesty’s Revels Will" Aijlabic, Esquire, One of the Auditors of the Imprest -Samuel Lord Sondes, another -

The Dean and Chapter of Westminster -

George Onslow, Esquire, Out-Ranger of Windsor Forest

Charles Ambler, Esquire, One of His Majesty’s Counsel at Law Eli ah Hercexj, Esquire, another - - >

Sir Thomas Anthony Abdy, another Henry Banks, Esquire, another - *

Edward Thurlow, Esquire, another Robert Clayton, Esquire, another - *

Sir Matthew Lamb, Baronet, late another

George Duke of St.Albans, Master of the Hawks -Chri/l's llospital----

ChrijY Seaton, late Engraver of Seals to His Majesty Thtf Major, Engraver of Seals to His Majesty The Dring, et al. Keepers of the Council Chamber The Officers of the Board of Works -Harry Burt ard, Esquire, Ranger of New Forest -The Corporation of Berwick - -John Shelley, Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe The Judges of England -John Moreton, Esquire, Chief Justice of Chester

Taylor W hite, Esquire, Second Justice of D* -The Mailers in Chancery

John Perrott, Esquire, One of the Secondaries in the Remembrancer’s Office Richard Stonchewcr, Esquire, Knight Harbinger -William Lowndes, Esquire, Auditor of the Land Revenues - -

Rob'- Herbert, Esquire, His Majesty’s Surveyor General.

John Dunning, Esquire, His Majesty’s Solicitor General -

Henry Darby Gardiner, Esquire, Clerk of the Nichills -Dr. Gregory Sharpe, Mailer of the Temple -The King’s Heralds ► - - - .

John Suffield Bvmcn, Esquire, Blanc Courfizr Herald ..

Henry Hill, Esquire. Brunswick Herald -

Sir John llynde Cotton, on a Perpetuity ....

Michael Crane, et. al. Apothecary in Ordinary to His Majesty

The Heirs.of Fairfax....

The Officers of the Ordnance -

John Kelly, M. D. Professor of Physic at Oxford - -

Isaac Cooper, Vicar of the Tower ....

Frederick Lord North, Chancellor of the Exchequer ..

James Harriot, Esquire, Advocate General -Dr. RuJfeU. Plumtree, Reader of Physic in Cambridge - -

Edward Hatton, Esquire, Keeper of the private Roads -The Churchwardens of St. Botolph -

The Churchwardens of St. Michael -

The Churchwardens of St.Magnus - - - - . - -

The Churchwardens of St.John Baptist - -

Ann Blackerby, Housekeeper of the House of Peers -The Dean and Chapter of Litchfield -

The Vicars of D* ——

The Mailer and Fellows of Emanuel College ....

The University of Cambridge, for a Preacher -Dr. Zachary Brooke, Reader of Divinity in Cambridge - -

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Clerk of the Foreign Estreats in the Court of Exchequer ——

The Schoolmaster of Southwell School -

George Earl of Halifax, Ranger of Sawfey Forest -Robert Yeates, Esquire, on his Annuity - - - -.

James Lord Tyrazoley, on D°

Samuel Lord Masham, Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer -

William Earl of Shelburne, late one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State -

William Earl of Hillsborough, one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries oi Thomas Lord Viscount Weymouth, another -William Henry Earl of Rochford, another -Sir Edxoard Walpole, Clerk of the Pleas - - - ♦

The Clerks in the said Office -

Richard Ridlington, L. D. Reader of Civil Law in the University of Cambridge Samuel Horsey, Esquire, Gloucester King of Arms -

Richard Heron, Esquire, King’s Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer Vol. 36. 4 S

State

341

s. d.

_7 4

13 4

120 -

750 -

40-----

40-----

40-----

4o -

40-----

40-----

22

L

700

600

264

10

loo

66

2,401

74i

48

45

182

3?4

875

200

„94

26,875

912

625

*>375

26

247

loo

646

70

10

o37

840

53

53

32

*33

225

8.57

70

6

200

20

90

36

*4

24

42

*5

18

20

30

16

20

26

19

17 o

19 4$

16 8

*5 "

10 5

8 4

10

13 4 13 4

3 —

6 8

6 8 6 8

6 8

11 4

13 4

12 —

r

8 —

9 4

6 8

5 _*>.

13 4 *3 4

86 13 4

20 — —

140----

480 1 7I

600----

hi 14 8

78 3 2$

95 12 -1

95 *7 . 7

21 16 9I

3°----

9 -

80----

40----

128 4 2

T*

342

9* Apri

To Robert Vanfiltart, LL. D. Professor -of Ijaw in the University of -

John Pitt, Esquire, Surveyor General of llis Majesty’s "Woods -Peter Burrell, Esquire, Surveyor General of 11 is Majesty’s Lands -George WilfEarl of Bristol, Keeper of the Privy Seal -

Rob‘YjaxX of Worthington, on his Annuity of £.4,000 - -

Will" Whitaker, Esquire* His Majesty’s Prime Serjeant - -

Total of Debentures

Bounties.

To Dr. Samuel Stcnnelt, as His Majesty’s Free Gift ami Royal Bounty *

Thomas Sandby, Esquire, to be by him paid over to the several Inhabitants of the Parish of Thorpe -

The Corporation of Lyme Regis -

Benjamin Vaughan the Younger -

Marquise dc Regaud de Vaudreuil

John Larpent, Esquire, as His Majesty’s charitable Donation for the Relief of certain

French Protestants ----....

The Honourable Thomas Harley, to be distributed among!! the Sufferers In’ the Fire, at the Town of St. John's, in the Ilia ml of Antigu -

Stephen Theodore JanJen, Chamberlain of the City of for the Poor of the said

City - -

William Clark, towards defray John JVilles -

Jnjhua Bloomer James Thompson

John Pegfon Crooke

John Frajer -Jeremiah Berry Daniel Mc Kinnon -John Trotter -

John Scott -

Robert Purcell Thomas Morgan Edward Jones Theophilus Staine Drage -Charles Clay -

John Walcot -

John Caulfield Mathew Maury Thomas Baker Peter Blin -

Robert Smith -

James Pierce -John Hunt -Samuel Frederick Lucius -Isaac Avery -

Total of Bounties

Band of Pensioners.

To Philip Cade, Esquire, Receiver of the Band of Gentlemen Pensioners -

Secret Service.

To Grey Cooper, Esquire, for Secret Service....

William Henry Earl of Rochford, one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State

Thomas Viscount Weymouth, another....

Willes Earl of Hillsborough ——

Anthony Todd, Esquire, Secretary to the Port Office -

William Earl of Shelburne, late one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State -

Total of Secret Service

Ml

Presents to Foreign Ministers.

To Sir Charles Cotterell Dormer, Knight, Matter of the Ceremonies, as a Present to MouJJin Poujkin, Minister from Russia -

D®, as a Present to Count de Veri, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Sardinia D*. as a Present to Count Seilern, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to

- the Emperor of Germany....

D®, as a Present to D% as Amhafiador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the

Empress Queen.....-----

as a Present to Count Cxernietfeff, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary from the EnapjeCi of Russia - - t -

Total of Presents

1777-

£ s- (/-no — — 15b 11 10

74 M 312----

7>H2 9 3*

1

H.:

3

78,806 12

the Charge of his Passage to New England - _ 20 —

D" - - North Carolina - 20

- D® - - New York - 20

- D® - - Virginia - - 20

- D® - - The Lcexvard Hands 20

- D® - - East Florida - - 20

- D® - - Maryland - 20 r-

- D® - - D" - 20

- D® - - Tobago - 20

- D® - - Maryland - 20

- D® - - Carolina - - 20

D® - - South Carolina - 20 *

- D° - - Worth Carolina - 20 —

- D® - - D® - 20

- D® - - Virginia - 20

- D® - ‘ - Jamaica - 20

- D® - - the Island of St: John 20

- D® - Virginia - - 20

- i y - - - 20

- D® - - Worth Carolina - 20

- D® - - South Carolina - 20

- D® - - D® - 20

- D® - - The Bahama Hands 20

- I)* - - South Carolina 20

- D® - Virginia - - 20

9l

1,700 —

62© 2

100-----

800-----

546 1 6

5°° -

1,000 — —

6>766 4 3i

10,500 — — -

42,000-----

2,905 3

3.000 -

3.000 -

10,085 8

q4 16 Gi

61,085 8 —

545 *9 " 515 >9 —

1.083 —

1.083 —

1.083 16 —

4-813 6 —

= To

17 Geo. Ill

9* Apri.

343

To Thomas H Gent.

King’s Goldsmith.

Privy Purfc.

To Sir William Breton, Knight

Contingences of Divers Natures.

To Thomas Nuthall, Esquire, for Law Charges

John Poionall, Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations,

for incident Expences ——

llenn) Earl of Bolton, Governor of the Isle of Wight, for a Surplusage William Davis, to pay Bills of Exchange ----*

More, to reimburse Expences

nielli's. A mij and and Siebel, to pay Bills of Exchange ---»--The Represenfatives of Samuel If 'right, Esquire, for Rent of a House -Edward le CJrand, Esquire, for I Iis Majesty’s Special Service - -

Thomas Sand by, Esquire, Superintendant of the Works in Windsor Great Park Sir John yielding, Knight, to defray the Expence of Dinners lor the-Magistrates of the City of H'cJ/m infer -

LauchlanMaclean, Esquire, for His Majesty’s special Service -Mark Ba/kett, Esquire, for printing Acts of Parliament John S/e:cart, Esquire, for transporting Felons

CuchetJouvcneel, for Exjiences -More, to pay Rills of Exchange -John 1 Mr pent, Esquire, to pay Bills of Exchange -More, for I Iis Majesty’s Special Service

John J/ellier, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of for Conviction of Felons

George Porter and Thomas Pickin, Sheriff of Coventry, for D*

Henry llervey Aston, Esquire, Sheriff of for D*

Henty Gregg, Gent. Under Slier ill' of London and Middlesex, for D*

John Guise, Esquire, Sheriff for Gloucester, for D° - -

Richard Gorges, Esquire, Sheriff of Hereford, for Do -William Price, Esquire, Sheriff of Berks, for D* -

John Ilcllier, Esquire, Sheriff of Hereford, for D® -

Ed: card Price, Si al. Sheriffs of Bristol, for D* ——

Edward Botterell, Sheriff of Salop, for D® -

Will* Farrer, Esquire, Sheriff of Bedford, for D® -

James Dubcrhy, Esquire, Sheriff of Monmouth, for D® -

Edward Clerk, Gent. Under Sheriff of Oxford, for D® -

Thomas Gregory, Gent. Under Sheriff of Kent, for D* -

W"1 Tyrrell, Gent. Under Sheriff of Berks, for D® -

Edmund Ralph, Esquire, Sheriff of Norfolk, for D® -John Chandler, Under Sheriff of Surrey, for D® - -

W’n Ilbcrt, Esquire, Sheriff of Devon, for D* - -

Tint Rudge, Gent. Under Sheriff of Gloucester, for D* -

Philip Eger ton, Esquire, Sheriff of Chester, for D®

Ralph Griffith, Gent. Under Sheriff of for D® -77/o' Norihntore, Esquire, Sheriff of Devon, for D® - -

Samuel Yates, Gent. Under Sheriff of Bucks, for D®

Bryan Burrell, Esquire, Sheriff of Cumberland, for D° -Robert Foster, Esquire, Sheriff of Nottingham, for D® - # -

David Mathew, Esquire, Sheriff of F.ffex, for D® -

Edward Sifmey, Esquire, Sheriff of Rutland, for D* - -

Wm Rodbard, Esquire, Sheriff of Somerset, for D* -Wm Nourse, Esquire, Sheriff of Hereford, for D® - -

John Guise, Esquire, Sheriff of Gloucester, for an Over-payment - - -Peter Brooke, Esquire, Sheriff of Gloucester, for D®

Thomas Ludxoidge, Esquire, Sheriff of Cumberland, for D® -Rich* Peers and WmNafh, Esquires, Sheriffs of London and Middlesex, for D* Edward Lambert, Esquire, Sheriff of Wilts, for D®

Joseph Watts, Esquire, Sheriff of Lincoln, for D* -

John Protherick, Esquire, Sheriff of Wanvick, for D* Edu ard Leeds, Esquire, Sheriff of Huntingdon, for D® -Thomas Bury, Esquire, Sheriff of Wo reefer, for D* -

Henry Afion, Esquire, Sheriff of Chester, for D® - -

John Cuter, Esquire, Sheriff of Bedford for D° - . -

SackvilleEarl of Thane!. Sheriff of fVefimorland, for D*

Henry Shield, Esquire, Sheriff of Rutland, for D° -Thomas Butterworth Raley, Esquire, Sheriff of Lancafiirc, for D*

Francis Elde, Sheriff of Stafford, for D® - -

Sir Lifer Holt, Sheriff of Cheshire, for D* -

William Woodley, Esquire, Sheriff of Norfolk, % D* -

George Strickland, Esquire, Sheriff of York, for D® - - . - -

(shaloncrOgle, Esquire, Sheriff of Southampton, for D° -Bryan Burrell, Esquire, Sheriff of Cumberland, for D* -VoL. 36.

d.

14,872 13 2

48,000 — —

15,500 — —

4,221 1 —

332 16

2,606 — 3

14,718 — 7

38,692 —

205 7 — *

316 18 6

3^7 8

120 — —

1,092 I —

11,920 I 3

2,720 —

2,310 12 6

735 7 6

498 19 —

1,002 14 4

40 — — *

40 — —

80 — —

1,090 — —

80 — —

120 — —

10 — —

60 — —

10 — ——

60 — —

120 —

40 — —

40 — —

27O ——

24O

120 — — *

l8o* — —

IO — —

*50 — —

80 — —

5° — —

120 — —

40 — ——

10 —

290 — —

40 — —

140 — — -

140 — —

84 19 10

107 10

86 6 9

942 16 9

283 16 1

16 17 3

49 9 3

40 11 6

16 3 8

103 11 —

3° *5 7

46 10 JO

22 3 3

69 12 —

46 9 1

98 10

13 8 11

163 15 7

19 2 1

20 4 8

To

344

9° Apri

To William Price, Esquire, Sheriff of Berks, for an Overpayment - -

Francis Kirkman, Esquire, Sheriff of Cornwall,*for I)* -

Richard Lucas, Esquire, Sheriff of Monmouth, for D® -

Sir Gilfred LajeJbn, Hart. Sheriff of Cumberland, for D# - -

William Botvyer, Gent, for printing i ,2 50 Copies of Parliamentary and other Records

George Ear! of Orford, Ranger of Ilydc Park, for watering the Ring -

Sir Jofcp/t Ayloffc, Bart, for Records, Sic. - -

John Stewart, Esquire, for His Majesty’s Special Service -

John Larpent, Esquire, for Rent of a House -

John Bcijtow, Keeper of the Lions in the Tower -

Sir W‘ Breton, Knight, for the Use of His Majesty’s Privy PHrfe -Thomas Dring, Gent, for the Four Under Clerks in the Privy Council -

John Ix>rd \’ifcount Bateman, Master of His Majesty’s Buck Hounds -The Messengers of His Majesty’s Treasury, for circulating Land Tax Acts of Parliament ——

John IlatJ'ell, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons, for printing, &c. for the I louse of Commons ——

Nicholas Boiifoy, Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Commons, for Necessaries for the House of Commons - -

George Brown, Efiqtiire, to pay Bills of Exchange -

The Clerks in the House of Commons, for Services by them performed in the said House - - - - *

1lichardStevenjbn, one of the Messengers in the Court of Exchequer, for Travelling Charges ——

Devefeux Davis, another ——

Thomas Potter, another -

Zachan/ Taylor, another - -

Henry Ballow, am other - - -

Hairy Rooke, for incident Expences in the Record Office in the Tower -

JeremySneyd, Esquire, to pay a Bill of Exchange -

The Clerks of the House of Peers, for Services by them performed in the said House ——

Horatio Wal/iolc, Esquire, Uffier of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, for Necessaries ——

John Walker, E&juire, Ulher of the Court of Exchequer, for Necessaries by him delivered - ’ -

Samuel Bowerman, one of the Messengers attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer, for Travelling Charges ——

"Edward llarland, another -

John Walker, Esquire, one of the Messengers attending the Receipt of Exchequer, for Travelling Charges ——

Thomas HarriJ'on, another -

William Ross, another -

Benedict Sclialler, another ——

Richard Jephfonr Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Peers, for his Attendance upon the Speaker of the said House -

Robert Nunn, for catching and carting of Deer -

Charles Lutwidge, Esquire, for his Majesty’s Special Service -

Kemble Whatley, Esquire, towards making a new Sewer in St. James's Park -The Governor and Company of Chelsea Water-Works, for supplying the Treasury with Water -

Peter Roberts, Remembrancer of the City of London, for a Bill of Impost upon Wines ——

Arthur Vanjittart, Esquire, for the Rent of AfofrPark -

John Platell, Esquire, to "be paid over to John Zenofor, for His Majesty’s Special Sendee

The Officers of the Tally Court, for levying Tallies -

John Elly, Keeper of the West Gate in Hyde Park, for watering the Road leading to Kensington Palace ——

Total of Contingencec

Koval Family - -

Foreign Ministers -

Fees, Salaries, Pensions, and Annuities Bounties -Band of Pcnfioners -

Secret Service -

Presents to Foreign Ministers King’s Goldsmith -

Contingency -

A. 1777.

d.

3S-

£ s.

19 16 23 16 4

54 12 10 3° 9

400----

1,000-----

1,0.59 8 — 622 10 —

91 5 —

48,000-----

300-----

700-----

688-----

273 5

606 19 9

-113 6 —

97°-----

128 — —

44 — —

I,: 3----

14‘ji 13 4

liJ f> *

55 *5 —

206 13 10

400-----

9^53 1 6f

1,008 8 7

106-----

106-----

23-----

55 5 —

35°-----

300 12

92 10 — 82 13 —

3,161 16 — 744 — 6

52 14 —

96 —

323 9 ~

481 3. 6

114 8 —

65-----

r 179*495 9 9 - ‘ — a — -4

£ s- &

69,000

163,692 13 44

237>44i 6 7

6,766 4 34

10,500

61,085 8 —

4,343 6 —

14,872 13 2.

179*495 9 9

£ 747>I97 1 *4

An

9* ApriliSi

17 Geo. III.

US

Aj» ACCOUNT of all Monies which have been iflbed and paid at the Receipt of the Exfchequer, to any Person or Persons, on Account of the Privy Purse, Secret Service, Pensions, Bounties, Contingencies; or any Sum or Sums of Money, to any Person or Persons whatsoever* without Account, from the 5th Day of January 1770 to the 5th Day of January 1771.

Royal Family.

To her Majesty Queen Charlotte

His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland The Princefe Dowager of Wales -

Total t»f the Royal Family -

Foreign Ministers.

To Sir Joseph Yorke, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the States General of the United Provinces -David Viscount Stormont, AmbalTador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary the Court of Vienna -

Simon Earl Harcourt, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Most Christian King -

Charles Lord Cathcart, AmbalTador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiaiy to the

Empress of Russia - -- --.....-

William Henry Littleton, Esquire, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Most Faithful King ——

James Trail, Consul at Tunis -

Robert Gunning, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Denmark Leu'is de Vifme, Minister Plenipotentiary to the Elector of Bavaria, &c.

William Gordon, Esquire, Minister to the Swiss Cantons -

Wm Linch, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Sardinia -

Sir James Porter, Knight, on his Annuity -

Solomon Dayrolle, Esquire, Minister at Brussels ....

Charles Holzendorff, Esquire, on his Allowances ---- *

John Burnaby, Esquire, on D* - -

Eduf* Barker, Esquire, Agent and Consul General at Tripoli -

Emanuel Mathias, Esquire, Agent with the Hans Towns....

Robert Murray Keith, Esquire, His Majesty’s Envoy Extraordinary to the Court of Dresden ——

Joseph Popham, Esquire, Consul at Tetuan -

Stanhope Afpinwall, Esquire, on his Allowances -

John Murray, Esquire, Ambassador at the Ottoman Port.

James Harris, Esquire, His Majesty’s Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Catholic King -

Edward Hay, Esquire, on his Allowances -

Frederick Lawrence, Esquire, on Ditto....

Isaac Jamineau, Esquire, Consul at Naples -

Daniel Bomeester, Esquire, Consul at Carthagena -

James Holford, Esquire, Consul at Genoa -

Sir John Goodricke, Baronet, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Sweden

Thomas Wroughton, Esquire, Resident at the Court of Poland -

Ralph Woodford, Esquire, Resident with the Hans Towns -

Sir Horace Mann, Envoy Extraordinary to the Great Duke of Tuscany -

Sir James Gray, on his Allowance -

Benjamin Langioies, Esquire, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Court of

Vienna - -

Wm Norton, Esquire, Minister at the Swiss Cantons -

Josiah Hardy, Esquire, Consul at Cadiz....

Robert Irvine, Esquire, Consul at OJlend -

Wm Hamilton, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of tha Two Sicilies

Archibald Campbell Frafer, Esquire, Agent and Consul General at Algiers -Sir Andrew Mitchell, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiaiy to the King of Prussia Sir James Wright, Resident with the Republic of Venice -

James Brujby, Esquire, Consul at Madrid -

Jacob Benedor, for his Services as Vice Consul at Sullie -

Robert WalpoU, YJk\\i\xe, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Most Christian

King....

The Representatives o iRobert White, Esquire, late Agent and Consul General at Tripoli

Fulk Greville, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the Elector of Bavaria -

Alexander Munro, Esquire, Consul at Madrid -

James Sampson, Esquire, Consul General at Tripoli -

Sir John Lindsey, Minister Plenipotentiary to India ....

£. s. d.

50,000 -

9,000 ——

i 0*000 -

Vol. 36.

Total of Foreign Ministers

4T

69,000 — —

5»5°° — —

5.100 — —

5.100 -

5,200-----

2,484-----

375 -

2,125-----

I>34* i3 —

2*220-----

2,051-----

75°-----

804-----

300-----

402-----

285-----

536----

1,665-----

162 10 —

150-----

819-----

1,146-----

804-----

225 — — 300----

75----‘

187 10 — 4,065-----

1.419 -

1,044 -

*,945 -

804 — — >

846----

1.419 -

150 -

150-----

2,684 — — 1*064 10 6

2,634-----

1,119-----

638 17 9

113 6 —

1,132-----

221 10 — 705----

250-----

162 10 — 460----

61,135 7 3

Fees,

9° Apri.

A. 1777.

Fees, Salaries, Pensions, and Annuities.

To the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer Frederick Lord North, Chancellor of the Exchequer -

John Shelley, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in the Ton er of , for Three

Clerks ——

More, to Ditto, on £.500 a Year -

Richard Morley, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in the Court of Exchequer -More, as Keeper of D% in the Chapter House at Westminster -Robert Jennings, Esquire, for his extraordinary Service in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer -

Barth* Lucas, Gent, for keeping the Registers of all the Public Loans in the said

Office - -- -....

The Clerks of His Majesty’s Treasury ——

Hugh Valence Jones, Esquire, one of the Solicitors of the Treasury ... Thomas Nuthall, Esquire, the other ——

Charles Palmer, et al. for Services by them performed in His Majesty’s Treasury -

John JackJ'on, Porter attending the Exchequer Gate....

John Earl Tilney, Warden of the Forest of Waltham, &c.

Henry Rooke, Chief Clerk in the Record Office in the Tower of London -

John Earl of Bute, Ranger of Richmond Park -

Peter Calvert, Esquire, Keeper of the Records relating to the forfeited Estates in England ——

Abraham Farley, Senior Deputy Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Exchequer

Robert Pigot, Esquire, Solicitor in the Court of Exchequer -

IP Duke of Gloucester, Ranger of Windsor Forest -

More, for holding Swanimote Courts -

The Under Keepers of Cranbourn Chafe -

Henri) Duke of Newcastle, Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer -

Sir Edward Walpole, Clerk of the Pells

Robert Nunn, Porter of the outward Gate at Windsor Castle -

Nathaniel Rowe, Esquire, Clerk of the Foreign Estreats in the Court of Common

Pleas.....-.....-

John Shelley, Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe ——

The Clerks of the Council ——

Peter Burrell, Esquire, Surveyor of His Majesty’s Lands -George Earl of Ponrfret, Ranger of the House Little Park -The Commissioners for promoting the Trade of this Kingdom -John Pownall, Esquire, Secretary to the above Commissioners -William Henry Earl of Rochford, one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State -Thomas Lord Viscount Weymouth, another -

Wills Earl of HiUfborough, another - ....

Sir Charles Cotlerell Dormer, Knight, Mailer of the Ceremonies to His Majesty Ftancis Barlow, Esquire, King’s Clerk in the Crown Office - -

Francis Earl of Hertford, Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houshold William Earl Talbot, Lord Steward of His Majesty’s Houffield - -

Samuel Lord Sandes on his Allowance -

Representatives of D° - -

Thomas Duke of Leeds, Chief Justice in Eyre of all His Majesty’s Forests, beyond Trent - -

Sir Fletcher Norton, D°, of His Majesty’s Forests, Sc. on this Side of Trent John Dunning, Esquire, His Majesty’s Solicitor General - -

Sir John Cust, Baronet, Speaker of the House of Commons - -

The Representatives of D° -

'Henry Earl of Darlington, Keeper of His Majesty’s Jewels - -

Granville Leveson Gower, Lord Presidenf of His Majesty VPrivy Council George Duke of St. Albans, on his Annuity -

Richd Hamond, Esquire, Foreign Appofer in the Court of Exchequer -

George Earl of Orford, Ranger of Hyde Park - -

More, for Two additional Keepers to James's Park - -

Thomas Sandby, Superiritendant of the Works iu Windsor Great Park -

The Mefl’cngers of the Exchequer -

77/0’ Gibbons, Gen. Mefl'enger of His Majesty’s Chamber - - -.

Sam1 John Barnefcy, D* ——

Benedict Schalteret, et al.for Services by them performed in His Majesty’s Treasury -

Geo. Wm Earl of Bristol, Keeper of His Majesty’s Privy Seal -Geo. Dunk Earl of Halifax, D* - - - - -' -

John Tracey Atkins, Esquire, Fifth Baron in the Court of Exchequer -

Die Executors of Lauf Brockett, late Profefl’or of Modern Iliftgry in the University of Cambridge ——

Thomas Gray, Esquire, Professisr of Modern l liftory in the University of Cambridge -George Onfoio, Esquire, of Oahham, Out Ranger of WindJ'or Forest -

Francis Earl of Huntingdon, late Groom of the Stole to His Majesty -George Wn Earl of Bristol, D° -

Lor A Robert Bertie, one of the Gentlemen of His Majesty’s Bedchamber Samuel Lord Majhum, another -

Lord^Willovghby de Broke, another.....- -

£ s. d. 8,000 — . — 1,600----

150 -----,

500 — _

420 -

480-----

100-----

50 -

2,910 12 9

200-----

1.000 — —

181 15 7$

20-----

337 10 —

200-----

51 15 —

150-----

40-----

75-----

537 9

40----

20-----

200 -

195 8 4

25 — —

20 — —

60 -

300 —

200 -

600----

5.250 — — 862 10 —

1.387 10 —

1,850-----

1.387 10 —

75 ~ —

50-----

2.250 -

Gi55----

375 -

440 18 8

2>675 — — 2>475 — — 134 16 — 500 — —

110 — —

525 —

3.000 — —

750 — —

40-----

300 — — 67 10 > —

365-----’

208-----

5 16 8

55-----

558 4 4

997 »3 7

955 11 5

75-----

319 11 9

400-----

300-----

616 13 4

883 6 8

75°-----

750-----

17 Geo. III.

90 Apri.

347

To Edward Earl of Oxford, one of the Gentlemen of His Majesty’s Bedchamber

Thomas Lord Bruce, another -

John Duke of Roxburgh, another ——

William Earl of March, another -

Basil Earl of Denbigh, another - -

George Earl of Rom fret, another -

Frederick Lord Viscount Bolingbroke, another.....-

George Duke of Manchester -

George Earl of Oxford, another -

Norbome Lord Botetourt, another -

George WmEarl of Coventry, another - -

George Buffey, Earl of Jersey, another -

George Buffey, Earl of Jersey, late Vice Chamberlain of the Houshold -

Thomas Robinson, Esquire, Vice Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houshold John Mojlyn, Esquire, One of the Grooms of His Majesty’s Bedchamber -Henry Wallop, Esquire, another -

George Pitt, Esquire, another -

William Northey, Esquire, another ——

Sir William Breton, another ——

Sir James Peachey, another ——

Charles Hotham, Esquire, another -

Edmund Nugent, Esquire, another - -

Sir James Wright, Knight, another - - - . - '

John Mordaunt, Esquire, another -

John Augustus Harvey, Esquire, another -

William Harcourt, another ——

Henry Vernon, Esquire, another ——

Sir George Osborn, Baronet, another -

Edmund Bishop of Chester, for Four Preachers -

Thomas Ramjilen, Esquire, His Majesty’s Latin Secretary -

Tho' Watson, Professor of Chymistry in the University of Cambridge -

Thcf Dring and John Picket, Keepers of the Council Chamber -The Corporation of Lyme Regis -

Dr. Richard Dickson Lyllington, Reader to the Houshold Servants at Hampton Court Ednf* Bibbins, Messenger appointed to look after the Printing Press

Abraham Farley and John Borlace, Deputy Chamberlains of His Majesty’s Exchequer ——

Clicis et Ministris -

Dr. Ant If Shepherd, Mailer of Mechanics to His Majesty -John Lord Bishop of Sarum, Chancellor of the Order of the Garter - -

John Tabor Kemp, Esquire, Attorney General at New York -

Lady Mary Campbell, on her Allowance -

Francis Lord Napier, on £. 8oo a Year -

Andrew St. Clair, Esquire, on £.200 a Year - -

The Representatives of John Earl of Hyndford - -

James Earl of Finlater, on £.800 a Year -

James Earl of Lauderdale, on D° ——

Sir Robert Menzies, Baronet, on £.400 a Year -

Alexander Frafer, Esquire, on £.400 a Year -

James Coutts and Tho' Coutts, who are appointed by the Commissioners of Police to receive the same ——

James Lord Forbes, on £ 200 a Year - -

John Lord Gray, on D° ——

Alexander Lord Banff, on D° -

Ann Countess of Northejk, on £. 300 a Year - -

Charles Lord Cathcart, on £.1,200 a Year ——

Alexander Earl of Galloway, on £.800 a Year -

Hughl.ord Racy, on £.200 a Year - - - - .

George E'arl of Craze ford, on £.350 a Year - -

Scholl0 Charles Earl of Moreton, on £. 800 a Year - -

yo/m Earl of Rothes, on £.200 a Year ——

George Lord Hay, on £. 400 a Year - -

The Officers of the Pipe Office - -

John Iwy, Esquire, Clerk Assistant of the House of Commons - -

Edward Harlami, one of the Messengers attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer - - - - -4 -

Samuel Bowman, another - .-

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Clerk of the Foreign Estreats in the Court of Exchequer -

Edw4 Hatton, Esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s Private Roads - -

Henry Folkes, Messenger of the Order of the Bath -

John Pollen, Esquire, Chief Justice of Carmarthen, &c. -

Edward Poor, Esquire, Second Justice of D° - -

John Williams, Esquire, Chief Justice of Glamorgan -

William Whitaker, Esquire, Second Justice of D° -

Dairies Barrington, Esquire, Chief Justice of Carnarvon - -

Janies Hanes, Esquire, Second Justice of D* - -

Vo 1,. 36.

d.

10

6

5l

6

8

3 "4

12

750 750

75o 75o 75o 75o 75o 250 750 750

250 804

"7

218

375

375

302

250

375 375 375 375 375 375 375 375 101 70 1 1

200----

200----

75----

54 15 —

200-----

40----

30----

80 — - —

35----

150 — —

285 2 6

15° — —

150----

600 — —

150----

428 17 3I-

600-----

600 — - —

qOO -

300 — -

45P — —

15°----

15° — "5" 150 — —

2*5 -

900 — —

600 -

150 — —

202 IO —

OO -

200 -:---

600----

60 -

200 -- —

37 18 —

37 —

53 8

60 16 8

5oa -

300 -

300----

300 -

400----

400 — — 300

To

GOO;

34»

9° Apri

A. j

1© William Chelwynd, Esquire, Examiner of all Interludes, stc.

Edward Capell, Esquire, Deputy Examiner of D° - -

Neville Majkelyne, A. M. on his Annuity - - - - .

Sir Francis Molineux, Knight, Gentleman Usher Black Rod -Claudius Amy and, Esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s Libraries -Elizabeth Mojlyn, Keeper of the Standing Wardrobe at Hampton Court -The Mayor of Macclesfield ——

Sir Fletcher Norton, Knight, Speaker of the House of Commons -

Debentures.

To the Officers of the Receipt of Exchequer -

Charles Lord Camden, Chancellor of Great Britain -Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Ulher of the Receipt of Exchequer, for the Watchmen

John Tracey Atkins, Fifth Baron of the Exchequer....

W*Sharpe, Esquire, Keeper of the Council Records -

The Clerks of the Privy Council -

John Earl of Bute, Ranger of Richmond Park -

Rolf Earl of Holdernesse, Constable of Dover Castle -

Sir Fletcher Norton, Knight, Chief Justice in Eyre on the North Side of Trent

Tito’Duke of Leeds, Chief Justice in Eyre on the North Side of Trent -

George Earl of Oxford, Ranger of St. James's Park....

Nicolas Bonfoy, Esquire, one of His Majesty’s Serjeants at Arms -

Henry Broughton, Esquire, another . ....

J on Brifiow, Esquire, Keeper of the Lions in the Tower of London Wm Duke of Glpucester, Ranger of Hampton Court Park -

George Dunk Earl of Halifax, Keeper of His Majesty’s Privy Seal -

Sir Charles Cotterell Dormer, Knight, Mailer of the Ceremonies to His Majesty Stephen Cotterell, Esquire, Assistant to IP -

Claudius Amyand, Esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s Libraries -Andrew Slone, Esquire, Keeper of the State Papers at Whitehall -The Minllers of the Isle of Man -

Martha Bonfoy, Widow, Housekeeper at Newmarket -GeorgeDvike of Montagu, Governor olWmdfor Ca&le -Thef Wynne, Esquire, one of the Auditors in the Court of Exchequer Henry Shelley and Michael Warden, Esquires, who act as the other -

John Truefdale, Gent. Apothecary in Ordinary to His Majesty -

The Fellows of Eton College -

The King’s Serjeants at Arms ——

George Earl of Pomfret, Ranger of the House Park at Windsor -Rachael Uoyd, Housekeeper at Newmarket -

Ricld Beresford, Mailer of His Majesty’s Tennis Courts -

Wm Aiflabic, Esquire, one of the Auditors of the Imprest -

Samuel Lord Sondes, the others . ....

George Onflmo of Oakham, Out Ranger Of Windsor Forest -

Charles Ambler, Esquire, One of His Majesty’s Counsel at Law -

Sir Anthony Thomas Abdy, Baronet, another -

Henry Bankes, Esquire, another -

Robs Clayton, Esquire, another -

Edward Thurloe, Esquire, another -

James Wallace, Esquire, another -

George Duke of St. Albans' -

ChriJTs Hospital -

Thcf Major, Engraver of Seals to His Majesty -

Thcf Dring, et al. Keepers of the Council Chamber....

The Officers of the Board of Works - -

Sir Harry Burrard, Keeper of New Forest -

The Corporation of Berwick -

John Shelley, Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe ....

The Judges of England -

John Moreton, Esquire, Chief Justice of Chester -

Taylor White, Esquire, Second Justice of D° - -....

The Mailers in Chancery ——

Rich1 Stonehewer, Esquire, Knight Harbinger to His Majesty -Wm Lowndes, Esquire, Auditor of the Land Revenues -

Wm de Grey, Esquire, Attorney General -

John Dunning, Esquire, Solicitor General -

Robert Fofier, Cleric of the Nitchills -

Dr. Gregory Sharpe, Mailer of the Temple....

The King’s Heralds -.....-

John Suffield Brown, Esquire, Blanc Courfier Herald....

Henry Hill, Esquire, Brunswick Herald -

The Officers of the Board of Ordnance - -

John Kelley, M. D. Professor of Physic in the University of Oxford -

The University of Oxford for a Preacher -

Frederick Lord North, Chancellor of the Exchequer -

James Marriott, Esquire, Advocate General - r f

777*

£ s. d. 300----

150-----

a5o-----

150-----

150-----

73 1 —

50----

1,500 — —

786

*>4i6

365

160

375

750

80

3»°75

666

loo

*Oo

66

74

*32

*5o

i64

*5o 2-0

75 *5o *34

3oo

*o5

86

3i

580

4oo

*25

98

66

600

4o

4o

40

20

18

r 65 *>020

370

37

372

500

75

47

*5*364

547

875

825

*95

I OO 8i

81

21

37

210

26

26

212

30

26

200

20

— 8 *3 4

6 8

8 —

3 7 6 7 6

jj

6 ~8

5 — io — 12 ---

18 8

*3 4

n 4

*4 9

5 2

7 6 xo — 10 —

7 9

4 2

5 H 10 —

5 16 8

6 8 J3 ui

1 11 6 8

*3 4 *3 4

1 10

*3 4

To

17 Geo. III.

9* Aprilis.

349

To F.iv* Hatton, Keeper of His Majesty’s private Roads

The Churchw ardens of St. Botolph

The Churchwardens of St. Michael -The Churchw ardens of St. Magnus -The Churchwardens of St. John the Baptist -Ann Blackerby, Housekeeper to the House of Peers

The Dean and Chapter of Litclfield -The Vicars of Litchfield -

The Matters and Fellows of Emanuel College

The University of Cambridge -

Dr. Zachary Brook, Reader of-Divinity, in the University of Cambridge -

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Clerk of the foreign Eftr'eats in the Court of Exchequer -

Geo. Dunk Earl of Halifax, Ranger of Saw Forest - - - -

Sam1 Lord Mariam, Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer -

Rich* Heron, Esquire, King’s Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer -

Robert Vanjittart, Esquire, LL.D. Professor of Law in the University of Oxford

Peter Burrell, Esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Lands -

George Wm Earl of Bristol, Keeper of the Privy Seal -

IF" Whitaker, Esquire, His MajHiys. Prime Serjeant -

Wm Earl of Hilljbctrough, One of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State -

Wm Henry Earl of Rockford, another - -

That Vi (count Weymouth, another -

That Ramsden, Esquire, His Majesty’s Latin Secretary -

Robert Earl of Northington, on his Annuity -

Sam1 Horsey, Esquire, Gloucester King of Arms -

James Lord Tyrawley, on his Annuity -

Tho' Chapman, One of the Secondaries in the King’s Remembrancer's Office -

That Tynchitt, Esquire, late Clerk of the House of Commons -

John HatfeU, Esquire, D° ——

The Corporation of Dartmouth -

Sir Edward Clive, on his Annuity -

J/aacCowper, Vicar of the Tower....

The Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal....

Total of Fees, Salaries, Pensions, and Annuities

Bounties.

To Dr. Sam1 Stennett, as His Majesty’s Free Gift and Royal Bounty -Sir John Day ley, as D" -

David Rix, D*- - - -- - - -....

Geo. Hatch, Gent, for paving the Streets in New Windsor - -

Benjamin Vaughan, the Younger ——

Wm Bowden, Esquire, Treasurer to the Trustees of the Protestant Dissenters in Nova Scotia ——

Jacob Kirkman, towards building a Church in the Savoy -

James Waller, A.M. towards repairing the Parish Church of Kensington -

John Larpent, Esquire, for the Relief of foreign Protellants -. Stephen Theodore Jansen, Chamberlain of the City of London, for the Poor of the said City ——

Sam1 Henley, towards defraying the Charge of his Passage to Virginia -

Thomas Gwatkin John Cumming -

John Tyrrell -

William Taylor William Jones -

Luke Babcock -

WM Gant -

Gideon Bofhoicke -

Jacob Hinderson Hindman -Hugh Purcell -

George Goxendrill John Sayre - -

John Kynaston John Montgomery John Stuart

Daniel Griffith -

James Herdman -Alexander Findley Thomas Field -

The Corporation of Lyme Regis

D*

D*

D*

D*

D°

D*

D"

D*

D*

D°

D*

D*

D*

D*

D°

D?

D°

D*

D°

- Grenadines --- Jamaica

- Leeward Islands -

- S* Carolina -

- New England

- Maryland

- Massachufeis Bay -

- Maryland

- S° Carolina -

- Maryland

- . Virginia

- Maryland

- New York

- New Jersey -

- Virginia

- Georgia

- throughout N" America

Total of Bounties

- Band of Pensioners.

To Philip Cade, Esquire, Receiver General of the Band of Gentleman Pensioners -

Vol. 36.

4U

I- s. d.

36 '7 12 10 —

4 —

2t 4 8

7 13 4

9 2 6

10 — —

— —

16 13 4

20 — —

*3 6 8

43 6 8

60 — —

l7 4

64 2 1

30 — —

800 — —

136 — —

4i 6 10

100 — —

100 — — .

100 — —

80 — — >

3,000 — —

40 — —

600 —

53 6 8

8 l9 2

10 17 6

140 —

600 — —

6 *3 4

122,659 2

1,700 - —

500 —

384 10 6

551 *7

800 — *"

1,000 — _

500 —

350 —

500

X,oooo — —

20 — —

20 — —

20 — —

20 — —

20 — —

20 — —

20 — —

20 — —

20 — —

20 — —

20 — —

20 — —

20 — .

20 — —

20 ? —

20 — —

20 — —

20 — —

20 — —

20 — —

100 — —

7,786 7 6

4>5°° — —

Secret

Ci

350 90 Aprilis.

Secret Service.

To Grey Cooper, Esquire, for His Majesty’s Secret Service - - *

Thomas Bradjkaw Esquire, for D®

Thomas Lord Viscount Weymouth, one of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State William Henry Earl of Rockford, another - -

Wills Earl of Hill/borough, another -Anthony Todd, Esquire, for His Majesty’s Secret Service -

Mihcard Rowe, Esquire, for D® - - - * * *

- Presents to Foreign Ministere.

To Sir Clement Cotterell Dormer, Knight, Mailer of the Ceremonies to His Majesty, to be paid over as a Present to Mons 'Mello, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Portugal Sir Clement Cotterell Dormer, Knight, as a Present from His Majesty to Count de Chatelet Lomond, Arabaffador Extraordinary from France

King's Goldfmkh.

To Tho' Hemming, His Majesty VGoldfraitlq for Plate, fife.

Contmgenees of divers Natures.

To Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Uiher of the Receipt of Exchequer John Walter, Esquire, Uflierof the Court of Exchequer Echo4 Le Grand, Esquire, for His Majesty’s special Service Wm Davis, to pay Bills of Exchange More to him, to reimburse Expences -John Brifiowe, Gent. Keeper of the Lions in the Tower of London John Pozvnall, Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners of Trade

Sir Fletcher Notion, Knight, Speaker of the House of Commons, for his Equipage -Henry Duke of Bolton, Governor of the Ifie of Wight, in Satisfaction of a Bill of Surplusage ——

Thomas Nuthall, Esquire, for Law Charges - - - - . -

Tho" Harrism, one of the Messengers of His Majesty’sTreasury, for Travelling Charges

John Walker, another ——

Thomas Gibbons, another ——

William Ross, another - -

John Stexeart, for Transportation of Felons -

' "Mcfirs. A my and and Siebel, for His Majesty’s special Service --'Hie Representatives oiWm Wright, for the Rent of an House - — -

77 at Major, Erigraver of Seals to His Majesty, for a Bill - -

That Dring, for the under Clerks of the Council - - - - *

Tho' Northmorc, Esqftire, Sheriff of Zteiwj, for Conviction of Felons - *

— John Saivbtidge and James Tmonshend, Esquiros, Sheriffs of London mid Middlesex -'John Smith, Gent." Under Sheriff of D® - -

John'Chandler, Under Sheriff-of Surrei/ -

— Dor mirth. Barbotham, Sheriff of Lancashire -

George Dunford, G^nt. Under Sheriff of Southampton -

— 1fenfyLippincell, &e. Sheriffs of Bristol -

Tho’ Freeman, Gent. Under Sheriff of Northampton.

Lauhcelot Brozuhe,'YLi\mre, Sheriff of Huntingdon Charles Milborhe, Esquire, Sheriff of Monmouth -F.duct Porteus, &cr Sheriffs of York - -

~ -Philip-Egerlon, Esquire, SI tar iff of Chester -

James Dale, Efbuire, Sheriff of Dorset - -

Samkdt Ye ales, Gent. Under Sheriff of Bucks

~ Tho' Gregory, tinder Sheriff of Kent -

Nenn} Stevens, Esquire, "Sheriff of Kent

~ John Franklin, Esquire, Sheriff of Bedford - *

Stack dell Clerk, Esquire, Under Sheriff of Suffolk -

Terrett, Esquire, Sheriff of Essex Wm Shaw, Gent. Under Sheriff of Lancttfer Moulton Mef/iter, Sheriff of Somerset - -

Sir Bellingham Graham, Sheriff of York - -

George Smith, Esquire, Sheriff of Gloucester Joseph Hands and John ©rum,-Sheriffs of Coventry

Henn/ Green, Esquire, Sheriff of Hertford--

Sir Cltarles Shuckbitrgh, -Baronet, Sheriff of Warwick -' Henry Stevens, Eftjnlre, Sheriff of Devon -Fmiicid Gregg, Eftpiire; Sheriff of London -Rich4Burwett, - Esquire, late Sheriff of the County of Surr John Bill, Esquire,'Sheriff' of Nottingham. -Edrtf Boterell; Esquire, late Sheriff of Salop John Blcwitt, Esquire, Sheriff of Cornwall -~SackvilleEarl of Thanet, Sheriff of Westmoteland *.

A. 1777.

f. s. d. 26,000----

8.000 -

2.250 -

2.250 -

2.250 -

5,883 14 —

4.000 -

5°>633 14 —

545 *9 —

X-4. O CO 16 —

1,629 15 —

3*595 3 5

for D° . - . -. . 570 — —

for D° - m 20

for D° * r - - . 140

for D° -- - 5 20

for D® - - 80

for D° - 120 — ‘ —

for D°- — - „ - TO

for D® - - _ 4° .

for D° — - _ 20

for D® — — - 80

for D® - «. - l80

for D° - 260

for D® . 120 —

for D°- - 40 .

for D°- - 140

for D® — . 360 — —

for D® - 30

for D® - - - - 240

for D® - - 250

for D® - . 170

for D® - 10

for D® - 160

for D® 80

for D® - 200

for D® - 320 —

for an Overpayment - 33 *9 10

for D® - 24 15 3

for D® 40 16 i|

for D® - 30 10 1

for D® m 12 n 8

3,37216. hi 1,172,15. 8 316 iiL 6 1,827 4 —

9,994 16 4

91 5 —

1,93613 — 1,000 —

44514^ nf

12,500 r —

321 5 6 80 15 —

293 *7 6

272-----

‘2,345 — — ' 6,904 12. 6 205

85

300-----

no----

520-----

2,260 — —

To

17 Geo. III.

35*

To Wn Nourse, Esquire, Sheriff of ffere/cu'd, for an Overpayment Clement KJnnerjley, Esquire, Sheriff of Stafford ' for D#

John Hopkinson, Esquire, Sheriff of Sojnerfei - . - for D®

George Lucy, Esquire, Sheriff of Warwick - - for D°

Edmund Sifmey, Esqjiire, Sheriff of Rutland - - for. D°

Rob? Fqfier, Esquire, Sheriff of Nottingham - - for D®

Wn Jbbut,. Esquire, Sheriff of Devon - for D®

John Owen, Erahire, Sheriff of Shropshire - - for D®

Fdud Knight, Esquire, the Younger, Sheriff of for D®

That Halifax and John Shakespear, Sheriffs of London for D°

Wm Thorpe, Esquire, Sheriff of Dorset for D®

Fiennes Trotman, Esquire, Sheriff of Oxford - - for D®

John Laker, Esquire, Sheriff of Oxford - - - for D®

Sir Charles Holford, Baronet, Sheriff of Leicester - for D®

Jeremiah Raymond Hadjley, Sheriff of Hertford - for D®

John Robinson, Esquire, Sheriff of Cumberland. - for D°

John Brabxuon HalLxves, Esquire, Sheriff of Derby - for D®

Sir Joseph Ayloffe,. Bart, et al. for sorting Records, Sc.

Zachary Chambers, Esquire, renewing the Lease from the Archbishop of Canterbury, of Barge-Houfos -

WM Davis, to prevent the spreading of the Infection amongst the Horned Cattle John Lord Berkeley, Constablo of the Tower of London, for contingent Expences Rich*Spry, Esquire, for His Majesty’s special Service -

John Larpemt, for the Rent of an House.....-

Jeremy Sneyd, for His Majesty’s special Service -

John Larpent, Esquire, to purchase aPresent from His Majesty to the Emperor of Lady Katherine Pelham, Ranger of Greenwich Park, for sweeping -up Leaves, Sc. in the said Park. -

Alexander Logie, for His Majesty’s special.Service -

Sir John Fielding, for Dinpers for the Justices of Westminster -Cuchet Jouvencil, Esquire, to rejmburfe Expences - -

More, to pay Bills of Exchange....

Thomas Sandby, Esquire, Jjuperintendant of the Work in Windsor Great Park -Devereux Davis, one of the Messengers in the Court of Exchequer -Richard Stexenfon, Esquire, another ——

Thomas Potter, aaother.....----

Henry Ballozo, another -

Zachary Taylor, another . ——

Charles Lutu idge, Esquire, Receiver Genera) of the Me of Man, for special Service -Wm Lord Viscount Bateman, Mailer of His Majesty’s Buck Hounds, for his extraordinary Charges for Horses, Sc.. -John Ha fell, Esquire, for Printing and other Works for the House of Commons - -The Clerks of the House of Peers - - - - -' -

The Clerks of the House of Commons - - . - .

William Boxcyer, for printing Parliamentary and other Records -Nicholas Bonfoy, Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Commons, for Incidents ——

Rich4Jephfon, Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Peers, for Incidents Eduf itarland, one of the Messengers attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer, for Travelling Charges _ - . - . - -

Samuel Bowerman, another, for D° - _ -

The Messengers of the Treasury, for circulating Land Tax Acts of Parliament The Representatives.of Benjamin Heron, to reimburse-Expences -Thomas Pratt, Esquire, to pay a Bill of Exchange

Charles Foulis, Gent, to a Bill of Exchange -

Robert Mayne, Esquire, to pay a Bill, of Exchange -

Kemble Whatley, Esquire, for making a new Sewer in St. James's Park -Arthur Vanjittart, Esquire, for the Rent of Mote Park -

Peter Roberts, Esquire, Remembrancer of the City of London, for a Bill of Imposts The Company of Chelsea Water-: Works, for supplying the Treasury with Water The? Cocks, Esquire, Ranger of Bagshot Rails, for Hay for the Deer -

Peter Staple, Gent, to pay a Bill of Exchange -

James Harris, Esquire, lor His Majesty’s special Service - -

George Earl of Orford, Ranger of Hyde Park, for watering the Ring in the said Park John EUy, Keeper of the West Gate in Hyde Park, watering the Road in the said Park

Samuel Smith and Richard Stevenson, Deputy Chamberlains of the Exchequer, for joining Tallies -

Sir William Breton, for the Use and Service of His Majesty’s Privy Purse -

Total of Contingency

Royal Family - - - . -

Foreign M millers - -

Fees, Salaries, Pensions, and Annuities - - . - -

Bounties — — — _ — — , # - —

----- Vol: j6. ‘ *

£ s. d.

- - - . - 20 6 6

- - - - 14.7 9 7

- - - - 11 6 5.

- - - . - 106 8 3

- - . - ._ - 34 *7 3-

- - - - 26 6 9

- - - - 24 x7 9

- - - - 69 10 7 i

- - - - *7 18 8

- - - - 7*9 11 —

- - - - 52 8 ic4

- - - - 7i 18 11

- m - - 136 *3 6

- - - 55 J5

- - - 4X *9

- - - - 26 *5 7

- - - - 2 16 2

- - - 1,000 — / —

5i 18 —

X>5<J5 x9 8

142 1 —

155 12 6

794 7 —

533 *5 —

9° 5

165 15 6

120---- r®

1,386 7 6

441 4 6

L997 *7 4

44-----

128-----

128 — —

133 6 8 146 13 4

2,263 1 1 li

70© — —

283 18 — -

400 ——

870 — — >

567 19 8 67 10 — -

49 10 — 49 10 —

688 -

181 15 — 4,184 10 6

1,244 12 5

874 7 7. 962 7 xt 323 9 — 96 12 — 52 14 —

7°----

6015 6 1,059 7 6

200 — — 65 — —

61 — 3 44,000-----

120,238 7

69,000 — - — 61,135 7 3S 122,659 2 5*

7,78^ 7 6 Band

35*

9® Aprilis.

Band of Pensioners Secret Service

Presents to Foreign Ministers King’s Goldsmith Contingences - -

A. 1777.

£ s- <*.. 4,500----

50,633 14 —

1,629 *5 — *

3>595 3 5

120,238 7 g|

Total

44i.i77 5i

An ACCOUNT of all Monies which have been issued and paid at the Receipt of the Exchequer, to any Person or Persons, on account of the Privy Purse, Secret Service, Pensions, Bounties, Contingences, or any Sum or Sums of Money, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, without Account, from the 5th Day of January 1771 to the 5th Day of January 1772.

Royal Family.

To Her Majesty Queen Charlotte -

His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland -

The Princess Dowager of Wales -

Robert Earl of HoldemeJJe, Governor to the Prince of Wales

Total of Royal Family

Foreign Ministers.

To Sir Joseph Yorke, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the States General of the United Provinces -

Charles Lord Cathcart, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Empress of Ru/fia ——

Simon Earl Harcourt, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Most Christian King -

Thomas Lord Grantham, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Catholic King - - - - . -

Emanuel Mathias; Esquire, His Majesty’s Agent with the Hans Towns

W"* Gordon, Esquire, His Majesty;s Minister at Rrujfels -

Edward Barker, Esquire, Consul General at Tripoli -

Wm Lynch, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Sardinia -James Samson, Esquire, Consul at Tetuan - -

John Murray, Esquire, Ambassador at the Ottoman forte - - v

- John B?trnaby, Esquire, on 30 s. by the Day - - *

Edu ard Hay, Esquire, on £.3 a Day -

Sir James Porter, on £. 1,000 per Annum -

Charles Holzendorf, Esquire, on £.400 a Year -Isaac Jamineau, Esquire, Consul at Naples - -

Solomon Dayrolle, Esquire, late Minister at Brvjfels -

Robert Gunning, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Denmark

Ditto, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Prussia - -

Henry Lyttelton, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Most Faithful King -

Lewisdc ViJ'me, Minister Plenipotentiary to the Elector of Bavaria James Harris, Esquire,- Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Catholic King ——

Ditto, Minister Plenipotentiary to Ditto -

Stanhope Aj'pinwall, Esquire, on £.200 a Year -

'Die Executors of ditto -

Frederick Lawrence, Esquire, on £. 300 a Year - -

Daniel Bomeester, Esquire, Consul-General at -

' James Holford, Esquire, Consul at Genoa -

Sir William Hamilton, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of the Two Sicilies Archibald Campbell Frazer, Esquire, Agent and Consul-General at Algiers Joseph Vopham, Esquire; Consul General at Tetuan - - - -

Jujiah Hardy, Esquire, Consul at Cadiz ——

Alexander Alunro, Esquire, Consul-at M- -

SJr Horaee Afa*7/, Euvay Extraordinary to the Great Duke of Tujjtafiy "

I- ? ® d.

50,000 — —

9.000 — —

10.000 -

3.673 5 —

72.673 5 "

5,100 — -4

7,900-----

5,352 10

2,800----

548-----

i,59° — —

785-----

2,636----

487 10 — 819-----

411 —

822-----

750-----

300-----

300 — — 822-----

1,850----

1,044----

1,096 — —

1,107----

50-----

68 17 9

225-----

75-----

187 10 —

2.592 ""

1,054 6 6

2.340---- k

150-----

750-----

2.445 —

To

i7 Geo. III.

9° Aprilis.

553

To 'thomas Wronghton, Esquire, Resident at the Court of Poland -

James Trail, Esquire, Consul at Tunis -

Ralph Woodford, Esquire, Resident with the Hans Towns -

Sir John Goodricke, Bart. Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Sweden, &c.

_ William Norton, Esquire, Minister of the SwifsCantons -

Robert Irwine, Esquire, Consul at the Ports of Newport, and Bruges, in

Flanders - -

Sir James Gray, Baronet, on £.3 a Day -

Robert Walpole, Esquire, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Molt Ghriftian

King - -

Ditto, as Envoy Extraordinary to his Most Faithful Majesty -

Benjamin L'Anglois, Esquire, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Court of Vienna - -

Sir Andrew Mitchell, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of PmJJia -Representatives of ditto ——

Sir James Wright, Knight, Resident with the Republic of Venice - -

Robert Murray Keith, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the Court of

Ditto, Envoy Extraordinary to Denmark - -

Jacob Beneder, Esquire, Vice Consul at Sallee -

Sir John Dick, Consul at Leghorn.

John Osborne, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the Court of Dresden David Viscount Stormont, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Court' of Vienna ....

Sir John Lindsay, Minister Plenipotentiary to India

Sir Robert Harland, Minister Plenipotentiary to India -

----- Blaquiere, Esquire, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Most

ChristianKing.....- -

The Earl of Buchan, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Catholic King -

Total of Foreign Ministers

Fees, Salaries, Pensions, and Annuities.

To the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer

Frederick Lord North, Chancellor of the Exchequer....

John Shelley, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in the Tower of London, for Three Clerks ——

More to him, on £.500 a Year -

Richard Morley, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in the Court of Exchequer -More, as Keeper of D° in the Chapter House at Westminster -

Robert Jennings, Esquire, for his extraordinary Service in the Office of the Auditor of the’ Receipt "of Exchequer -

BarthTLucas, Gent, for keeping the Registers of all the Public Loans in the said Office -

The Clerks of His Majesty’s Treasury -

Hugh Valence Jones, Esquire, One of the Solicitors'of the Treasury - -

Thomas Nuthall, Esquire, the other ——

Benedict Schaller, et al: for Services by them performed in His Majesty’s Trea-

" fury - ....

John Jackson, Porter, attending the Exchequer Gate -

Johii Earl of Tylney, "Warden of the Forest of Waltham -

Henry Rooke, Chief Clerk in the Record Office in the Tower of London -John Earl of Bute, Ranger of Richmond Park - -

Peter Calvert, Esquire, Keeper of the Records relating to the forfeited Estates in ~ England ——

Abraham Farley,* Esquire, Senior Deputy Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Exchequer -Robert Pigot, Esquire, Solicitor in the Court of Exchequer - -

Wm Duke of Gloucester, Ranger of Windsor Forest -

More, for holding Swanimote Courts - -

The Under Keepers of Cranburn Chafe - -

Henry Duke of Newcastle, Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer - -

Sir Edward Walpole, Clerk of the Pells - . - -

Nathaniel Rowe, Esquire, Clerk of the foreign. Estreats in the Court of Common Pleas - -

John Shelly, Esquire, Clerk of the "Pipe - - -' -

The Clerks of the Council - - - -

Peter Burrell, Esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Lands - -

George Earl of Pomfret, Ranger of the House or Little Park at Windsor -AugujlusEarl -Berkeley, Constable" of the Forest of -

The Commissioners for" promoting the Trade in this Kingdom - -

John Pownall, Secretary to (he above Commffioners -

Henry Earl of Rochfora, one of His MajestyV principal Secretaries of State -

Wills Earl of Hitljborough, another - ‘ -

John Earl of Satidivich', late"another - - '-

Thomas Lord V iTcount Weymouth, another "- > - '* r -

Vol. 36. 4X

s.

d.

1,019

375

1,047

*»7*4

939

150-----

822 — 1 —

1,406----

1,236 — —

948 -

886 -

*>29313 3

1,219

*>975

200

Ir5

247

16

10

*3 —

15 8

760 — —

3,400----

905-----

4DO -

484-----

’ 224-----

71,761 13

8.000 — —

1,6*0 -

150 — -

500 — —

420-----

480 — —

100----

50 -

2,900----

200 — —

1.000 -

740 -

20----

202 IO ---

200 -

51 *5 —

IS®----

40----

187 IO --

537 9 lIi '40----

20 ——

200----

i95 8 4

20----

30----

300----

200----

450----

3*5----

6,672 4 5

1,150----

2.312 10 —

2.312 10 —

177 *4 H 372 2 6£

To

; by

354

9 Aprilii.

To George Dunk, Earl of Halifax, one of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State Sir Charles Cotter ell Dormer, Knight, Mailer of the Ceremonies to His Majesty Francis Barlow, King’s Clerk in the Crown Office - - - - - -

Francis Earl of Hertford, Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houshold William Earl Talbot, Lord Steward of His Majesty’s Houshold -

Thomas Duke of Leeds, Chief Justice in Eyre of all His Majesty’s Forests beyond Trent ....

Sir Fletcher Norton, Knight, Chief Justice in Eyre of all His Majesty’s Forests on this Side of Trait ....

W" de Grey, Esquire, late His Majesty’s Attorney General -"Edward ThurUrw, Esquire, late His Majesty’s Solicitor General Sir Fletcher Norton, Knight, Speaker of the House of Commons Henry Earl of Darlington, Keeper of His Majesty’s Jewels -

Grenville Levijbn, Earl Goioer, Lord President of His Majesty’s Privy Council George Duke of St. Albans, on his Annuity - -

Richard Hamond, Esquire, Foreign Appofer in the Court of Exchequer -George Earl of Orford, Ranger of Hyde Park -

More, for Two additional Keepers to St. James's Park -Thomas Sandby, Esquire, Superintendant of the Works in Windsor Great Park The Messengets of His Majesty’s Exchequer for Tertnly Bills

Samuel John RamAley,.Messenger of His Majesty’s Chamber -

George Dunk, Ear! of Halifax, Keeper of His Majesty’s Privy Seal -Henry Earl of Suffolk, Ditto - -

John Tracey Atkyns, Esquire, Fifth Baron in the Court of Exchequer Thomas Gray, Esquire, Professor of Modern Hjftory in the University of Cambridge George Onslow, Esquire, of Oakham, Out Ranger of Windsor Forest -George Wm Earl of Bristol; Groom of the Stole to His Majesty Lord Rod Bertie, one of the Gentlemen of His Majesty’s Bed Chamber -Samuel Lord Masham, another -

Lord Willoughby de Broke, another - -

Edward Earl of Oxford, another -

Thomas Lord Bruce, another - -

John Duke of Roxburgh, another -

William Earl of March, another -

Basil Earl of Denbigk, another - -

George Earl of Pomfret, another -

Frederick Lord Viscount Bolingbroke, another -George Earl of Pembroke, another - - - *

George Earl of Or/crd, another - -

Norbome Lord Botetourt, another -

George Buffey, Earl of jersey, another -

Thomas Lord Grantham, Vice Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houshold -John Lord Viscount Hinchinbrook, ditto -

John Mostyn, Esquire, one of the Grooms of His Majesty’s Bed Chamber Hairy Wallop, Esquire, another -

Sir William Breton, another ....

Sir James Peachey, Bart; another - - - - .

Charles Hothatn, . Esquire, another -

Edmutid Nugent, Esquire, another -

The Representatives of ditto - 7 ——

Sir James Wright, another 7 .

John Mordaunt, Esquire, another -

John Augustus Harvey, Esquire, another -

William Harcourt, Esquire, another -

Henry Vernon Esquire, another -

Sir George OJbome, another ——

Thomas De Grey, Junior, Esquire, another - - - . *

Edmund Biftiap of Chester, for Four Preachers -

Thomas Ramsden, Esquire, His Majesty’s Latin Secretary -

Richard Watson, Professor of Chymistry in the University of Cambridge

Thomas Dring and John Picket, Keepers of the Council Chamber -The Corporation of Lyme Regis - -

Dr. Richard Dickson Lyllington, Reader to the Houshold Servants ntHampton Court

Edward Bibbins, Messenger attending the Printing Press -Abraham Farley and John Borlafe, Deputy Chamberlains of His Majesty’ chequer -

Clicis el Ministris Secrii -. -

l)r. A nth" Shepherd, Mailer of Mechanics to His Majesty -John Lord Bishop of Sarum, Chancellor of the Order 01 the Garter -John Tabor Kemp, Esquire, Attorney General at New York

Lady Mary Campbell, on her Allowance ....

Francis Lord Napier, on £. 800 a Year -

> Andrew St. Clair, Esquire -

James Earl of Lauderdale ——

Sir Robert Menzies, on £. 400 a Year -

1

Ex

A. 1777.

Cs- d-

700 ft 3!

75----

25-----

2,250 — —

M55 — -r

*,675-----

*>475 -

12? 9 5* 95 11 3i 1,500-----

545-----

3.000 -

750-----

20----

300 — - — 67 10 — 012 10 —

208-----

60 16 8

1,323 10 —

530 5 3

100----

400 — — -

30° — —

2.000 -

1.000 ——

1.000 -

1.000 -

1.000 -

1.000 — —

1.000 -

1.000 '-----

1.000 -

t,oooo — ---

1.000 -

L835 I — i 1,000 -

264

1,000

351

248

500-----

500-----

500 -

500 -

500 -

16

13

6

4i

403

11

500 — -

500----

500 — n 500 — — 5°0----

5 " 206 — — 200 — —

75 -

54 15 — 100 — — 40 — — 60-----

80 — —

35 -

112 10 —

57° 5 " *5° — —

.50 —

boo — —

300 —

To

17 Geo. III.

35$

To Alexander Frazer, Esquire, on £. 400 a Year -

James Coutts, ind Thomas Coutts, who aire appointed by the Commissioners of Police , to receive tlib same -

James Lord Forbes, on £. 400 a Year -

John Lord Gray, on D* ——

" Alexander Lord Banff, on D"

Aim Countess of Northejk, on £. 300 a Year -

Charles Lord Cathcart, on £. 1,200 a Year - -

Alexander Earl of Galloway, on £. 800 a Year -

Hugh Lord Rdey, on £. zoo a Year -

George Earl of Crawford, on £. 350 a Year -

Sholto Charles Earl of Moreton, on £. 800 a Year -

John Earl of Rothes, on £.200 a Year -

George Lord Hay, on £. 400 a Year -

The Executors of James Earl of Finlater - -

Thomas Dundas, Esquire -

James Earl of Errol, on £. 800 a Year - -

John Ley, Esquire', Clerk Assistant of the House of Commons Edward Harldnd. one of the Messengers attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer Thcf Alder ton, another -

Henry Folks, Messenger of (he Order of the Bath

John Pollen, Esquire, thief Justice of Carm8f -

Edward Poor, Esquire,'Second Justice of ditto - . - -

John Williams, Esquire, Chief Justice of Glamorgan, SCc.- *

William Whitaker, Esquire, Second Justice oTD* -Daines Barrington, Esquire, Chief Justice of Carnarvon, 8Tc. -James Hayes, Esquire, Second Justice of D* -

William Chetaynd, Esquire, Examiner of all Interludes, Sic. - -

Edward Capeli, Esquire, Deputy Examiner of D* -The Mayor of Macclesfield ——

Neville Majkeh/ne, A. M. on his Annuity - -

Sir Francis Molyneux, Knight, Gentleman Uther Black Rod -Claudius Amyand, Esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s Libraries

John Vivian, Profelfor of Modern History in the Uni versity of Oxford -The Secondaries in the Treasurer’s Remembrancer’s Office -The Clerks in the said Office - -

Robert Nunn, Porter of the outward Gate of Windsor Castle -

Debentures.

To the Officers of the Receipt of Exchequer -

Henry Lord Apjley, Chancellor of Great Britain -

Horatio Wal/iole, Esquire, Ulher of the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Watchmen of the Receipt of Exchequer ----- J-

John Tracey Alkyns, Esquire, Fifth Baron of the Exchequer -Phillip Sharpe, Esquire, Keeper of the Council Records -The Clerks of the Council -

John Earl of Bute, Ranger of RichmondVwrk -Robert Earl of lloldemeffe, Constable of Dover Castle Sir Fletcher Norton, Chief Justice in Eyre on the South Side of Trent Thomas Duke of Leeds, Ditto on the North Side of Trent -

George Earl of Orford, Ranger of St. James's Park - - - - .

Nicholas Bonfoy, Esquire, one of His Majesty’s Serjeants at Arms -

Henry Brougham, Esquire, another ' - -

John Brif/ow, Keeper of the Lions in the Tower of London -

Henry Vaughan, ' Esquire, Ditto - -

William Duke of Gloucester, Ranger of Ham Court Park - - -Sir Charles Cotterell Dormer, Knight, Matter of the Ceremonies to His Majesty Stephen Cotterell, Esquire, Assistant to D*

Claudius Amyand, Esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s Libraries Andrew Stone, Esquire^ Keeper of His Majesty’s State Papers at Whitehall The Ministers oft be Hie of man -

Martha Bonfoy, Housekeeper at Newmarket -George Duke of Montague, Governor of Windsor CalHe - -

Thomas Wynne, Esquire, one of the Auditors in the Court of Exchequer Henry Shelley and Michael Warden, Esquires, who act as the other - .

John Truefdale, Gent. Apothecary in Ordinary to His Majesty The Fellows of Eton College - - - . - -

The King’s Serjeants at Arms - - - - -" -

Georgs Earl of Pumfret, Ranger of the House Park at Windsor Rachael Lloyd, Housekeeper at Newmarket ---->-

Richard Rcresford, Mailer of I lis Majesty’s Tennis Courts - -

Will" Aifabie, Esquire, one of the Auditors of the Imprest

Samuel Lord Sondes, the other - . - - - - 1

GcOrge Onjhxo, Esquire, of Oakham, Out-Ranger of Windsor Fofeft ‘ -r Charles Ambler, Esquire, one of His Majesty’s Counsel at Law - -

V

CL. ,0.

£. s. d.

300 — —

450 — —

15°----

ICO----

150----

225----

900----

oeo----

i5o-----.

262 10 —

600----

150----

loo — -

*55 3 5i 205 3 1

*34 9 ii

200 — t — 22 16 — 22 16 —

2 co — - — 400 — * — 400 — — *

200 -

4oo----

300 —

406----

300 — r — 150 — —

50 ----’

187 16 — -5° ~

9§6 2 — J

18 — -

22 10 — -

*s- —

786 — 8 3,500----

365----

163 6 8

375 — —

750----

82 4 —

3,°75 -

125 ——

JJ>--

669 16 3

too 7 6

100 7 6

120 15 — > I22 10 —

74 3 4

1^6 6 8

150-----

12 0 — - — ‘

75 -

150-----

137----

300----

2M~5-

31 10 —

602 iB — *

300-----

225-----

99 2 8 too — — 66 13 4 6*0 — — 40 — — Tat

35

9* Apritis.

A. I'm-

To Sir'Anthony Thomas Abdy, Baronet. onenfHis Majesty’s Counsel at Law.

Henri/ Banks, Esquire, another -.....-

James Wallace, Esquire, another -

Gryffydd.Price, Esquire, another ——

George Duke of St. Albans - - - - -....

Christ's Hospital ——

Thomas Major, Engraver of Seals to His Majesty -

Thomas Dring, et al. Keepers of the Council Chamber -

The Officers of the Board of Works - - - - -,

Sir Harry Burrard, Keeper of New Forcjl -

The Corporation of Berwick.....-

John Shelly, Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe -

The Judges of England ——

John Moreton, Esquire, Chief Justice of Chester----

Taylor White, Esquire, Second Justice of D°....

The Mailers in Chancery - -

Richard Stonehewer, Esquire, Knight Harbinger to His Majesty - - .

William Lowndes, Esquire, Auditor of the Land Revenues -

William De Grey, late Attorney General -

Edward Thurloio, late Solicitor General -

Robert Foster, Esquire,_Clerk: of the Nichills -

Dr. Gregory Sharpe, Mailer of the Temple - -

The King’s Heralds ——

John Si/ffeld Brown, Esquire^R/awc Courfier Herald -

Henry Hill, Esquire, Brunswick Herald -

The Officers of the Board of Ordnance -

John Kelly, M. D, Profelfor of Physic in the University of Oxford -

Frederick Lord North, Chancellor of the Exchequer -

The Mailer and Fellows of Emanuel College - -

The University of Cambridge -

George Dunk, Earl of Halifax, Ranger of Sawfey Forest - -

Samuel Lord Masham, Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer -

.. Robert Vansittart, LL. D. PjofelTor of Law in the University of Oxford -Peter Burrell, Esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Lands -

George Dunk, Earl of Halifax, Keener of the Privy Seal -Heniy, Earl of Suffolk, Ditto -

William Henry Earl of Rochford, one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State Wills, Earl of Hillsborough, another - -

John, Earl of Sandwich, another -

Thomas, Viscount Weymouth, another r -

George Dunk, Earl of Halifax, late another -

Thomas Ramsden, Esquire, His Majesty’s Latin Secretary -The Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal -Robert Earl of Northington, on his Annuity - -

Samuel Horsey, Esquire, Gloucester King of Arfns - - -James Lord Tyraioley, on his Annuity -

Solomon Dayrolle, Esquire, Mailer of the Revels - -. - .

. . The Heirs of Colonel Fairfax - ....

Sir Edward Clive, on his Annuity - - - .- - -

John Pitt, Esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods - -

The Dean and Chapter of WeJlmijifter -

John Hatfell, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons -

Russell Plumptree, M..D. Reader of Physic in the University of Oxford -The UniveHity of Oxford - -

The Mailer of Southwell School -

Michael Crane and John Allen, Apothecaries to His Majesty -Jfuac Cowper, Vicar of the Tower -

£>' Richard Ridlington, Reader of Civil Law in the University of Cambridge -Sir John Eardly Wilmot, on his Annuity -

LovelStanhope, Esquire, on his Pension - -

The Heirs of Nicholas. Yates - -

Total of Fees, Salaries, Pensions, and Annuities -

To Sir William Breton, Knight James Brudenell, Esquire

Privy Purse.

£ i.oooo 44,000

Bounties.

To George Tatem, Esquire, as His Majesty’s Free Gift and Royal Bounty Henry Lord Apjley, High Chancellor of Great Britain - D® -

Dr. Samuel Slennett - - - - D° -

The Corporation of Lyme Regis - - - D* -

£- s. d.

40 — —

40 — —

40 — —

27 6 10

1,02$ 185 7 6

5

- 37 ro

- 68 10

I25 8 11

375 , — —

75 — —

- iz 1

- 1

- 730 —

- 500 — —

1,100 — — -

- *95 16 8

- . 100 — —

90 9 4

/ 57 18 4i

- 20 —

- 46 10 9i

- 420 — —

- 26 x3 4

26 13 4

252 l3 4

m 20 — —

« 200 — —

16 4

20 — —

m 40 — —

- 27 18 8

- 30 — —

800 _ —

- 184 — —

73 — —

100 — —

100 — —

- 9 12

- 95 2

- 37 IO 8

80 — _

- 1,482 *7

3,000 — —

- 40 — —

6oq — -

- 30 — —

150 — —

82 x3 4

- 100 — — .

60 — —

- 10 — —

- 70 — —

30 — —

10 —

- 53 6 8

- 6 *S 4

- 77 10 6

x>365 *5 9

r4 7 4

425 — " —

'39>3l4 *9 io|

48,000 1,000

- 2,000 — —

- 1,700 — —

- 100 — — L-

Te

Go°dl(

j7 Geo. III.

Jprilis.

To Benj" Vaughan, Esquire, the Younger - *

John Larpent, for the Relief of foreign Protestants

Philip Stephens, Esquire, to be dil’tributed among

at Deptford -

Stephen Theodore Jansen, Chamberlain of the City

City -

Michael Majhart-

John Doty -James Mr Intosh

Daniel Fogg -John Hynde -An/}in Leigh Abner Waugh William Seldon Peter de la Roche -Chri/hwher Enift Schwal -John Finlater-Joseph Hutchins Spence Graufon

Xathaniel James Martin -John Villetle-

James Seymour William Vere John Wingate James Ogilve -John Ruthers Marjliall Thomas Coombe Daniel St urges

the Workmen in the Dock Yard,

of London, for the Poor of the said

357

£. d.

800-----

500 -

546 ii 6

- ... £ - - I JOOOO 1

his Pafla ge to Xortli Carolina - - - I 20

- Barbadoes . - I 20 —

- D9 New York - - 1 20

- D9 Dominica - - I 20

- D9 Massachusets Bay - - Jk I 20

D° South Carolina I 20 *

D9 Dominica - - . I 20

D" Virginia - - - I 20 ’

D* D° . - - I 20

D9 Nova Scotia - - - . I 20 — *

D° South Carolina - - I 20 —

- D9 Grenada - I 20

D° Barbadoes - - - I 20

- D° Virginia - - - I 20

- D* South Carolina - - . I 20 1

- IT D9 - - - . I 20

- IT Georgia - - . 20

- D° Virginia - 20 1

D9 D° . - 20 *

D° D* . - £0 — r

D9 Connecticut - - - 20 — 1

- D* Pensylvania - - - m 20 — -

- IT Virginia - - 20 —

Total of Bounties

8,106 12 6

Band of Pensioners.

To Philip Cade, Esquire, Receiver of the Band of Gentlemen Penftoners

4,500-----

Secret Service.

To Anthony Todd, Esquire, for His Majesty’s Secret Service -

Grey Cooper, Esquire, for Ills Majesty’s Secret Service - -

John Robinson, Esquire, D9 ——

llenry Earl of Rochfurd, one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, for His Majesty’s Secret Service -

Wills Earl of Hillsborough, another -

Thomas Lord Yifeount Weymouth, another -

George Dunk, Earl of Halifax, another ——

John Earl of Sandwich, late another -

Total of Secret Service

8,404 10 —

16.000 — - —

11.000 — —

3>75°----

3>75o — — .

G353 J "i

1,135 16

288 4

45,681 19 5i

Presents to Foreign Ministers.

To Sir Charles Cottcrell Dormer, Knight, Mailer of the Ceremonies to His Majesty, as a Present to the Marquis Caraccioli, Envoy Extraordinary from the King of the Two Sicilies ——

D° as a Present to Monsieur Imberti, Resident from the Republic of Venice -1)° as a Present to Mr. Francis, late Minister Plenipotentiary to the Moll Christian Eing....

Total of Presents to Foreign Ministers

King’s Goldsmith.

To Thomas Hemming for divers Quantities of Gold and Silver Plate -

Contingences of Divers Natures.

To Cachet Juvenecl, Esquire, to reimburse Expences -

More, to pay Bills of Exchange - -- -- *-

Richard Spry, Esquire, to reimburse Expences -

John Pownall, Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners of Trade, for incidental Charges ——

Vox.. 36. 4 Y

545 *9 ~ 545 "

545 *9

1.637 *7 —

t,ii$ io —

1,848 10 — 588 6 — .1,484 10 —

2,376

To

35

9° Apr

A. 1777,

To Mark Basket, for Stationery Ware - - ....

Charles Eyre and Wm Strahan, for printing Arts of Parliament -

Thomas Pratt, Esquire, to roimburl'e Expences -

More to pay Bills of Exchange - -

Thomas Sandby, Esquire, Superintendant of the Works in Great Park, for

Expertces in the said Park -

Vincent Mathias, Esquire, for His Majesty’s special Service -

Thomas Harrison, one of the Messengers of the Receipt of Exchequer, for Travelling

Charges.....-....

Thomas Gibbons, another, for D® ——

B Ross, another, for I)° ——

Edward It Grand, Esquire, for His Majesty’s special Service ..... John Larpent, Esquire, for the Alignment of the Lease of an House -

D* - - - for Rent of alloiife -

D° for special Service -

Jeremy Sneyd, esquire, for His Majesty’s special Service -

The Representatives of Samuel Wright, for Rent of an House -

Horace Walpole, esquire, Ulher of the Receipt of Exchequer, for Necessaries -

John Walker, esquire, Ulher of the Court of Exchequer....

Nicholas Ashlon, esquire, Sheriff of the County of Lancushire, for Conviction of Felons Moulton Mejffiter, Under Sheriff of Somerset D® -

John Marsh, esquire, Sheriff of Stafford - - - D® - -

Paul Panton, esquire, D° - - Flin - - - D® -

John Merlot, et al. D® - - Brij - - - D* -

Francis Gregg, Under Sheriff of - London D®

John Jeanes, Gent. - D® - Hampshire - - D® -

Thomas Eyton, esquire. Sheriff of FlinD® William Richardson, - U® - Suffe r - - - D® - - *

John Neioton, esquire, D® - DorJ'et - - - D®

Thomas Butler, esquire, D® - I.itch field - - D®

Thomas Gregory/, - D® - Kent - - - D® -

Sir William Wheeler, - D® Wa - - D®

William Reed, esquire, D® - Newcastle D®

Richard Crump, et al. D* - Gloucester D®

Thomas Budge, Gent.Under D° - D® D®

William Shawe, Gent. ' D® - Lancashire D®

Thomas Shyrme, esquire. Sheriff of Pembroke - - D®

John Chandler, Gent. Under Sheriff Surrey D®

John Greaves, esquire, D® - York - - - D® -

Joseph Griffiths, esquire, D® - Salop D®

Richard Stevens, Gent. Under D® - Devon - - D® -

Thomas Bund, D® W- - D®

Sir Robert Cunliffe, - D® - Ch - - D® John Wilson, D* Chester D®

John Trefion Scrivener, esquire, D® - Suffolk - - D® -

Edward Clerk, Gent. Under Sheriff of Oxford - - D®

Thomas Harrison - D° - Essex - - - D® -

John Ellis - - D® - Suffer D®

George Smith, Gent. Under Sheriff Norfolk - - D®

Thomas Loxdale - D® - Salop - - - D® -

John Crew, esquire, Sheriff - - Chester D®

Daniel Lloyd, esquire, D* - Brecon - - - D® -

Philip Egerton, esquire. Sheriff of the County of Chester, for an Overpayment

Doming Rathbotham D° same after for D®

Hugh Rogers, esquire, late Sheriff of - - Cornwall - I)® - -

Lancelot Brown, esquire, - D® - Cambridge, &c. 1)"

John Merlot, Sic. - - - U* - - D®

Sackville, Earl of Thanet- I)® - Huntingdon - D®

John Royal, esquire, - - D® - Rutland - - D® - -

James Dale, esquire, - - U® - DorJ'et - - D® - -

Francis Hugonin, esquire, - - D® - - Southampton, D®

Price Clutton, esquire, - - - D® - - Hereford, I)®

Edmund Bajil, esquire, - - - I)® Bucks - D® -

William W>ejibrook Richardson, esquire I)° - - Suffer - I)®

TTtomas Maundrill, esquire, - - D® - - Wilts - D®

Henry Green, esquire, D® Hertford, D®

Anthony Micklethwaite, esquire - D® - - Norfolk, D®

Richard Mor shall, the Younger - D® - - Salop, - D® -

Sir Joseph Ayloffe, et al. for sorting Records, 'Sec. -

Messrs Amyaiid and Siebel, for His Majesty’s special Service -And to pay Bills of Exchange -

Thomas Nuthall, esquire, for Law Charges - -

- The Officers of the Tally Court, for levying Tallies! -

Sir John Fielding, for Dinners for the Justices of Westminster -

John Bristow, Gent. Keeper of the Lions in the Tower of London -

-!U

I. s. d.

M:i7 16 1

3.865 9 10

V. 4^ cn 0 1 —

1,406 13 3

4.429 4 io|

3,000 — —

171 IO —

261 IO —

374 10 —

316 18 6

223 6 —

311 5 — ,

zi8 8 —

2.732 4 3

205 7 —

7»°4.i 1 7

646 4 7

120 — —

9° — —

5° — —

40 — —

40 — - —

1,420 — —

170 — —

40 — —

80 - — — .

160 — —

40 — — -

210 — —

90 — —

40 — —

5° — —

60 — —

80 — —

10 — —

220 — —

140 — —

40 — —

110 — —

60 — . —

130 I 0 —

130 —

80 — —

120 — —

40 80 — —

10 — —

9° — —

lO — —

97 9 6

53 l9 —

10 8 3

46 2

9 11 7

v> 8 8

If) 18 3

53 2 1 of

44 0 3

89 6

20 8 . 3

12 4 10

121 *3 9

48 11 n

17 7 1

94 8 3i

1,000 — — .

27,768 M 2*

2.374 8 3i

9,000 — —

140 12 —

120 — —

57 *5 —

To

17 Geo. III. 90

To Thomas Major, Engraver of Seals to His Majesty, for engraving a public Seal -

Thomas living, Gent, for the under Clerks of the Privy Council <-

MelTrs. lloareand C# to pay Bills of Exchange -

John Lord Viscount Bateman, Mailer of His Majesty’s Buck Hounds, for Ne-ceflaries ——

The Med'cngers of the Treasury, for circulating Land Tax Acts of Parliament -

John Stuart, Esquire, for Transportation of Felons -

Captain George Keith Elphinjion, for His Majesty’s special Service -

Bichard Stevenson, one of the Mell'engers in the Court of Exchequer -

Devereux Davis, another -

Thomas Potter, another ——

Henry Hallow, another ——

Zachary Taylor> another ——

John llatfeil, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons, for Printing, and other Works for the Service of the said House -

Nicholas Bonfoy, Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Commons, for

a Bill of Dilhurfements ——

Bichard Jephfcn, Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Pqers, for attending upon the Speaker of the said House - -

The Clerks of the House of Peers ——

Ibe Clerks of the House of Commons -

Robert Nunn, for carting and catching Deer ——

Edward II aria ml, one of the Messengers attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer, for Travelling Charges -

Thomas Aldertun, another, for ditto -

Stephen Martin Leake, for attending the Installation of the Prince of Wales Mihoard Rowe, Esquire, to reimburse Expences, and to pay Bills of Exchange -

John Pitt, Esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Lands, for Repairs in Saint James's and Hyde Parks ——

Robert Allen, to be paid over to Mr. Carry, Commiftary at Dantzig, to reimburse Expences ——

Arthur Vanjittart, Esquire, for the Rent of Mote-Vaxk -

Robert, Earl of Holdernesse, for extraordinary Expences Incurred upon account of the Prince of Wales -

Alexander Burnett, esquire, for His Majesty’s special Service -

The Company of ChcljeaWater-Works, for supplying the Treasury with Water

Hans Stanley, Esquire, Governor of the Isle of fora Bill of Surplusage -

359

£. s. d.

84 19 —

300-----

1,059 10 "

700-----

336 -

2,105 — — 182 4 — 128 — - —

44-----

128-----

133 6 8

146 13 4

*36 x9 —

696 — 6

89 10 —

400-----

870-----

86 3 10

22 16 — 22 16 — -2,004 1 4

2,405 1 6

500-----

518-----

323 9 —

2,380 16 9J

362-----

52 14 — 298 14 2

Total of Contingences

Privy Pnrfe - ....

Royal Family ——

Foreign Ministers ——

Fees, Salaries, Petitions, and Annuities -

Bounties -

Band of Pensioners -

Secret Si nice ——

Presents to Foreign Ministers -

King’s Goldlhiith -

Contingences ——

Total

107,272 12 51

£. s. d.

48,000----

72>673 5 —

71,761 13

I39>314 19 1C£

8,106 12 6

4,50°-----

45,68i 19 5i

1,637 7 —

1,115 10 — 107,272 12

500,064 9 4J

Vol. 36.

A*

t

60

9° Aprilis.

A. 1777.

Am ACCOUNT of all Monies which have been issued and paid at the Receipt of the Exchequer, to any Person or Persons, on account of the Privy Purse, Secret Service, Pensions, Bounties, Contingences, br any Sum or Sums of Money, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, without Account, from the 5th Day of January 1772 to the 5th Day of January 1773.

Royal Family.

To her Majesty Queen Charlotte - - - -> a

His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland.

The Princess Dowager of Wales - -

Robert Earl of Holdernesse, Governor to the Prince of Wales -More to him, as Governor to Prince William Henry and Prince Edward

Total of the Royal FamilV

Foreign Ministers.

To Sir Joseph Yorke, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the States General

of the United Provinces -

Thomas Lord Grantham, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the

Catholic King - - - -....

Charles Lord Cathcart, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Empress of Russia ....

Simon Earl Harcourt, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Mott

Christian King -

- David Viscount Stormont, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Court of Vienna ——

Emanuel Mathias, Esquire, Agent with the Towns -

More, as Resident at the Hans Towns ——

James Harris, Esquire, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Catholic King

D\ Envoy Extraordinary to the King of -

Sir James Wright, Knight, His Majesty’s Resident with the Republic of Venice Solomon Dayrolle, Esquire, late Minister at ....

Leteis de Vifme, Esquire, Plenipotentiary to the Elector of Bavaria- -

Sir William Lynch, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Sardinia - -

Robert Murray Keith, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Denmark

More, as Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Emperor and Empress Queen of Germany - -

Henry Lyttelton, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the Mod Faithful King John Murray, Esquire, Ambassador at the Ottoman Port -

Emanuel Mathias, Esquire, Agent at the Hans Towns -Edward Barker, El'quire, Agent and Consul General at Tripoli - -

Sir John Lindsay, Minister Plenipotentiary to India ....

James SamJ’on, Esquire, Consul General at Tetuan ....

Daniel Bomester, Esquire, Consul at Carthagen -

Sir James Porter, on his Annuity -

Edward Hay, Esquire, on his Allowance -

James He {ford, Esquire, Consul at Geneva....

John Burnaby, Esquire, on his Annuity -

Charles Jledxendorjf, Esquire, on his Allowance -

John Osborn, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the Court of Drefelen -

J/'eiac jetmineuu, Consul at Naples ....

Alexander Munro, Esquire, Consul at Madrid ....

Archibald Campbell Ereefer, Esquire, Consul General at Algiers -JV" Hamilton, Esquire, Envoy and Plenipotentiary to the King of the Two Sicilies . Sir James Gray, on f. 3 a Day -

Robert Irvine, Esquire, Consul at the Ports of Ojlend, Newport, and Bruges J< jiah Hardy, Efipiire, Consul at Cadiz

Sir Horace Mann, Envoy Extraordinary to the Great Duke of Tuscany -Ralph Hi od/ord, Esquire, Resident with the Hans Towns -

More, as Envoy Extraordinary to the King of -

Sir John Guodrwke, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Sweden -

Wm Norton, Esquire, Minister at the SivifsCantons - - -Be nut min Lungins, Esquire, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Coupt of Vienna ——

'll,.nraII 'luuyhton, Esquire, Resident at the Court of Poland -James 'I 'ail, L.lquire, Consul at Tunis - -

£ t. d.

50,000 — —

9,000 — —

2,500 — —

7*346 IO —

278 —

69,125 5 —

7 A 35 3 1%

7,684 !5 i

6,650 19 — 1

7*f>49 2 ni

8,224 8 io£

732 — ’ —

597 — —

i*3i4 7 1

1,070 — —

1*584 6 —

1,098 — —

1*489 16 5i

3*649 9 5

4*384 13 4

1,300 — —

554 4 —

1,158 — —

630 — —

3>932 *7 10

822 18 —

IOI 1 11

899 9

1,098

2 50 — —

549 — —

400 —

2,287 V5 6

377 6 4}

1,076 18 5i

1*053 8 6

3*285 10 8

1,098 — —

200 — —

200 — —

2,872 1 1

i*398 — — -

5 00 — —

3.321 9 8

1,64.1 8 —

r,c68 7 1

1,650 5 11

546 *4 1 »

To

.17 Geo. III. f Jprilis.

To Robert Gunning, esquire, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Empress of all the RuJius - ....

More, as Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Prussia- -

Jacob Reneder, esquire, Vice Consul at Sallee -

Frederick Robinson, esquire, Secretary to the Extraordinary Ruiball'y to the Catholic King - - . ——

Sir Robert JTar land, Minister Plenipotentiary

WM Gordon, esquire, Minister at Brujids- .

Frederick Lawrence, esquire, on £.300 per Annum - " - -

John Blacquire, el’quire. Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy t^-the MoJt Christian King - - - . r - , -

Robert Walpole, esquire. Envoy Extraordinary and ploHip.ofcjn^uiry td„ the Moii Faitltful King - - - '1 - -

Charles Tsigie, esquire, Consul General to the Emperor of, Xjbi;oe^o

Sir John Dick, Consul a.t leghorn _ -

Horace S‘ Raul, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embafty tej the Moll Ctjififtiaq King

Total of Foreign Mipifters

3 6t

I- d,

I vp22 --- —

441 7

280 13 —

' -38 _ _

*4:54 1A — i>943 b 8

300----

1,838 — — 2()9 9 — L 154 i4 8 59° — —

99>c85 3 9i

Fees, Salaries, Pensions, and Annuities,

To^the Commissioners for executing the Ofliec of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer Frederick Lml North, Chancellor of the Exchequer -

John Shelly, esquire. Keeper of the Records in the Tower of London, for Three Clerks -

More, on £. 300 a Year ——

Richard Morley, esquire. Keeper of the Records in the Court of Exchequer -More, as Keeper of D", in the Chapter House at -

Robert Jennings, esquire, for his extraordinary Service in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer - - - - . - ’ -

Bartholomew Lucas, Gent, for keeping the RegilWs of all the Public Loans in the said Office ——

The Clerks of His Matty's Treasury - - - .

JTugh Valence Jones, esquire, one. of the Solicitors of the Treasury -Thomas Nuthall, el'quire, the other ——

Benedict Schuller, et a/, for Services by them performed in His Majesty’s Treasury -John Jackson, Porter attending the Exchequer Gate -

John Earl of Tylney, Warden of the Foreli of Wallham - -.

Henry Rooke, Chief Clerk in the Record Office in the Tower of London -Jo/ui Eirl of Bute, Ranger of Richmond Park - - .

Peter Calvert, esquire. Keeper of the Records relating to the forfeited Estates in England -

Abraham Farley, Senior Deputy Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Exchequer Robert Pigot, el'quire, Solicitor in the Court of Exchequer -

William Duke of Gloucrjier, Ranger of Hampton Court Park - -

More, for holding Swaniinote Courts - - - ->

The Under Keeper of CranburneChafe - - -....

Horatio Walpole, esquire. Clerk of the foreign Estreats in the Court of Exchequer Keeper of His Majesty’s private Roads Henry FoUces, esquire, Meffonger of the Order of the Bath - -

Henri/Duke of Newcastle, Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer - -

Sir Edward Walpole, Clerk of the Pells -

Nathaniel Rowe, esquire. Clerk of the Foreign Eiireats in the Court of Common Pleas John Shelly, esquire, Clerk of the Pipe - -

The Clerks of the Council ——

Pcicr Rur red, esquire, Surveyor General of 11 is Majesty’s Lands - -

George Earl of Pom fret. Ranger of the House or Little Park at Windjbr

Augu/lusEarl Berkeley, Constable of the Forest of Dean T -

The Commissioners for promoting the Trade of* this Kingdom - -

John Powna!'., esquire. Secretary to the said Commissioners -llenvy Eari of Roehford,0:1c of 11 is Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State

I/His Eirl of ITilljborough, another -

John Earl of Suffolk, One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State - -

Sir Charles CotlerellDormer, K11' Matter of the Ceremonies to His Majesty -Francis Barbie, esquire, King's Clerk in the Crown Office - -

Francis Earl of Hertford, Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Iloulltold William Farl Talbot, Lord Steward of His Majesty’s Ilotiihold -

Thomas Duke of Leeds, Chief J tilt ice ill Lyre of all His Majesty’s Fore If s beyond Trent - -

Sir Fletcher Norton, 1)", South of Trent

Edward Thurlow, el'quire, Attorney General -

.Hexunder JLiddcrbeni, el'quire, Solicitor General - y

Sir Fletcher Norton, Speaker of the House of Commons, -

Henry Earl of Darlington, Keeper of His Majesty’s Jewels _- - -

GranvilleIwvej^n Earl Gower, Lord President of His Majestyks Privy Council -George Duke of St. Albans,.on his Annuity _-Yojl. jn.

Sjoooo — -

1,600 — —

130---->

300 -

420-----

480---- —

100 ——

30 -

2*923 " —

200-----

1,000 -

760-----

20 -

270 -

200-----

69-----

130 -

40-----

187 td —

537 9

40-----

20 — - —

53 6 8

410 — -

200 -

*95 8 4

60 — —

373 -

200 — —

430-----

210 — -

4,892 9

862 10 —

1,8 30 -

1,387 10 - — 2*429 7 10l 75

3.000 ——

1,540 -

3*566 .13 4

4,030-----

11 y o — 113 10 —

2jQOO — - — 7OO -

jCGO — — *

1.000 — - —

To

362 9° Aprilis

To Richard Hamond, esquire, Foreign Appofer in the Court of Exchequer George Earl of Orford, Ranger of Hyde Park -: -

More, for Two additional Keepers to Saint James's Park -

Thomas Sandby, esquire, Superintendant of the Work in Windsor Great Park The Messengers of His Majesty’s Exchequer for Termly Bills -

Samuel John Barnejley, Messenger of His Majesty’s Chamber -

The Executors of the Earl of Halifax, Keeper of the Privy Seal -

llenryEarl of Suffolk, D* -

Augujfus Heuiy Duke of Grafton, D* - -

John Tracey Atki/ns, esquire. Fifth Baron in the Court of Exchequer ' - -

The Representatives of Thoiiids Gray, Pi-ofeflor of Modern History in the University of

Cambridge - - - , - -

George Onjloie, of Oakham, esquire, Out Ranger of Windsor Vorefc -

George William Earl qfBrifiol, Groom of the Stole to His Majesty -

Lord Robert Bertie, one 'Jr me Gentlemen of His Majesty’s Bed Chamber Samuel Lord Masham, another ——

Lord Willoughby de Broke, another -

Edward Earl of Oxford, another -

Thomas Lord Bruce, another - - 7 -

John Duke of Boxburgh, another - - - - \ '- - -

William Earl of March, another -

BajilEarl of Denbigh, another - -

George Earl of Pomfret, another - - - .

Frederick Lord Viscount Botingbroke, another - - "-

George Earl of Pembroke, another - - -. , -

George Earl of Orford, another - - - - ’ - -

George Bujfey, Earl of JerJ'ey, another -

George W"‘ Earl of Coventry, late another - - - - -

John Lord Viscount Hinchingbrooke, Vice Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houshold -John Mojlyn, esquire. One of the Grooms of His Majesty’s Bedchamber -Henry Wallop, esquire, another -

Sir James Peachey, another ——

Charles Hotham, esquire, another ——

Sir James Wright, another - -

John Mordaunt, esquire, another -

John Augufus Harvey, esquire, another ..... ....

William Harcourt, esquire, another - - -

Henry Vernon, esquire, another - - --- - _ -

Sir George Osborne, Baronet, another -

Thomas De Grey, Junior, esquire, another ——

The Executors of William K or they, late another - -

Henry S‘ John, esquire, another - -

Sir William Breton, another -

Captain Philip Hales, another - -

Edmund Bishop of Chester, for Four Preachers " -

Thomas Ramsden, esquire, His Majesty’s Latin Secretary -

Richard Watson, Professor of Chymistry in the University of Cambridge - -

Thomas Bring and John Picket, Keepers of the Council Chamber - -

The Corporation of Lyme Regis - - - - - -

Dr. Richard Dickson Lyllington, Reader to the Houshold Servants at Hp nipt on Court Edward Bibbins, Messenger attending the Printing Press - - -

Abraham Farley and John Borlafe, Deputy Chamberlains of His Majesty’s Exchequer Clie is et Ministris Secrij -

Dr. Anthony Shepherd, Master of Mechanics to His Majesty -John Lord Bishop of Sarum, Chancellor of the Order of the Garter -

John Tabor Kemp, esquire. Attorney General at Neio York - , .

] ady Mary Campbell, on her Allowance - -

Francis Lord Napier, on £.800 a Year -

Andrew' St. Clair, esquire ——

James Earl of Ixiuderdale -

Sir Robert Menzies ——

Alexander Frafer, esquire - -

James Coutts and Thomas Coutts, who are appointed by the Commissioners of Police to receive the same ——

Jaynes Lord Forbes -

John Lord Gray ——

Alexander Lord Banff ——

Ann Countess of Xorthejk -

Charles Lord Cathcart - -

Alexander Earl of Gallow ay - - - - ’ -

11 ugh I xjrd Racy ——

George Earl of Crawford -

The Euxrl of Morton - -

Thomas Dundas, eftjuire -

John Earl of Rothes - - '-

James Earl of Enroll -

1777-

£ d.

40 — —

400 — —

90 — —

912 10 —

208 — —

61 — —

123 9

491 10 —

2,147 10 —

100 — —

27 3

300 — —

1,500 — - —

75° —

75° — —

75° — —

75° — —

75° — —

75° ~ —

75° ~ —

75° — —

75° — —

75° —

75° — —

75° — —

75° — —

30 it li

45° — —

375 ~ —

125 — —

375 — —

375 — —

375 — —

375 — —

375 — —

375 — —

375 — —

500 — —

375 — —

215 10 4

443 13 7 h

375 — —

48 17 —

200 — —

200 — —

75 ~ —

54 L5 —

100 — —

40 — —

60 — —

80 — —

35 — —

112 TO —

CM 00 N 6

75 ~ —

150 — —

600 — —

15° — —

600 — —

300 — —

3°° — —

4-0 — — 150-----

150----

100----

21Z.-- --

900-----

600-----

1.10 -

262.10 --

600 -

300 -

100 — -

600 — — To

17 Geo. III.

9° Aprilis,.

To John Ley, esquire, Clerk Assistant of the House of Commons - . - -

Edward Ha r land, one of the Messengers attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer

Thomas Alderlon, another -

John Pollen, esquire, Chief Justice of Carmarthen, -

Edward Poor, esquire,. Second Justice of D® - - - ( -

John Williams, esquire, Chief Justice of Glamorgan, fife. - - - - , -

William Whitaker, esquire, Second Justice of D® -

Dailies Barrington, esquire. Chief Justice of Carnarvon -

James Hayes, esquire, Second Justice of D® - -

- William Chetzcynd, esquire, Examiner of all Interludes, fife. - -

Edward Capcll, esquire, Deputy Examiner of D* .

The Mayor of Macclesfield -

Neville Majkelync, A. M. on his Annuity -

More to him for an Assistant - _ -Sir Francis Molineux, Knight, Gentleman Usher Black Bod ... Claudius Amyand, esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s Libraries - -

Thomas Lor# Hyde, Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster -

John Pitt, esquire. Surveyor of His Majesty’s Woods -

Elizabeth Mojtyn, Keeper of the Standing Warrdobe at Hampton Court The Officers oif the Pipe Office -

Thomas Atwood, Assistant Judge in the Island.of DominiQa - _ r -

The Representatives of Samuelliorfey, late Bath King of Arms - -

Thomas Nowell, D. D. Professor of Modern Hiliory in the University of Cambridge -Robert Nunn, Porter of the outward Gate of Castle - -; , - -

Debentures.

To the Officers of the Receipt of Exchequer , - , - , -

Heiuy Lord Apjley, Chancellor of Great Britain - - - - , -

Horatio Walpole, esquire, Ulber of the Receipt of Exchequer, for the Watchmen John Tracey Atkyus, esquire, Fifth Baron of the Exchequer Philip Sharpe, esquire. Keeper of the Council Records - -

Stephen Cotter ell, esquire -D° ——

The Clerks of the Privy Council - -

John Earl of Bute, Ranger of Richmond Park - -

Robert Earl of lIoldernt)/fe, Constable of Dover Castle - -

Sir Fletcher Norton, Knight, Chief Justice in Eyre on the South Side of Trent Thomas Duke of Leeds, Chief Justice in Eyre on the North Side of Trent George Earl of Orford, Ranger of St. James's Park - -

Nicholas Bonfoi/, esquire, one of I I is Majesty’s Serjeants at Arms -

Henry Brougham, esquire, another -

Henry Vaughan, esquire. Keeper of the Lions in the Tower of London William Duke of Gloucester, Ranger of.. H Court Park Augufus Henry Duke of Grafton, Keejier of His Majesty’s Privy Seal -Sir Charles Cotterell Dormer, Knight, Matter of the Ceremonies to His Majesty Stephen Cotterell, esquire, Assistant to D® . -

Claudius Amyand, esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s Libraries -

Andrew Stone, esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s State Papersat Whitehall -

The Minfters of the Isle of Man -

Martha Bonfoy, Housekeeper at Newmarket -

George Duke of Montagu, Governor of Windsor Castle -

Thomas Wynne, esquire, one of the Auditors in the Court of Exchequer -Henri) Shelley and Michael Warden, Esquires, who aft as the other John Truefdale, Gent. Apothecary in Ordinary to His Majesty -

The Fellows of Eton College - -

The King’s Serjeants at Arms -

George Earl of Pomfret, Ranger at the House Park at Windsor -Rachael Lloyd, Housekeeper at Kenfngton -

Richard Beresford, M;dter of His Majesty’s Tennis Court -William Aijlabie, esquire, one of the Auditors of the Imprest Samuel Lord Sondes, tire other -

George Onslow, esquire, of Oakham, Out Ranger of Windsor Forest -

Charles Ambler, esquire. One of His Majesty’s Counsel at Law - -

James Mansfield, esquire, another -

Sir Anthony Thomas Abdy, Baronet, another -

Henry Rankes, esquire, another - - - -

Edward Bearcroft, esquire, another -

James Wallace, elquiro, another - - -. - -

George Ends Newnha/u,esquire, another

Graf add Price, esquire, another - - " - - . -

Richard Pern/n,esquire, another - -. -.

John Skinner, esquire, another ——

Taylor White, Second lultiee of Chester - -

George Duke of St. Albans -

Christ'sIlospital -.-Thomas Major, Engraver of Seals to His Majesty -

Vox.. 36.

363-

£. s. d.

300----:

18 8 ~ '

18 8 —

400----

400----

500----

400 — -

400-----

400-----

300 -

150----

50----

187 10 —

52 10 —

150----

100----

;969 4 7i

36 10 —

69 3 4

200----

94 " —

611 2 2£

'25 — —

762 14 4

5,000; —

366 ' —

163 6 S

375 11

937 IO —

109 l6

4,100

250 — —

100 —

892 l? 6

100. *3 —

100 —

228 15 —

' 74 4 —

298 — —

150 — T* —

166 T3 4

150 — —

120 — —

75 — —

150 — —

i37 10 —

300 - — —

225 — —

86 5 —

3i IO —

554 8 —

3°° — —

225 — —

99 3 4

66 13 4

600 —

40 — —

40 — —

40 -

20 — — -

4f» -37 ~

37 8 10

300----

i>372 ,10 — 370 10 — 37 10 ~ 1ft

04

of Aprilis.

To Thomas Dring, et al. Keepers <5f th(5 Council Chamber ~ The Officers of the Board of Works -

Sir llarn/ Bnrrdrd, Keeper of the Wcxc Fdrrjl r -

The Corporation of Bencick- -

Shrill/, Esqilire, Cleric of the Pipe - -

’Hie Judges of England -

'John Morcton, Fiqulre, Chief Justice" of -

’Hie Matters in Chancery - -

HiririStoncheicct, Esquire, Knight Harbinger ter His Majesty William Lmcndet, Esquire, Auditor Of the Laud Revenues -

Eduard ThurloiV, Esquire, Attorney General - - - *

~"Ale\aAder Wedderburne, Esquire, Solicitor - - - - -

Bober/ Fo/ler, Esquire, Clerk of the Nichilts - - - - *

The Kings Heralds ——

John SujfieldBroun, Esquire, Blanc Courffr Hom -

Hcniy Hill, Esquire, Br'unjioidk Hefald - - - -1

47ic Officers of the Board of Ordnance -

John Kelli/, M. D. ProfcTTor of Physic in the University of Oxford -

Frederick Lord North, Chancellor of the Excltequer ' * - -

The Churchwardens of St. Bololph - - - - -D® - St. Michaels - - -

D® St. Magnus - - - .

D® - - St. John the Baptist -

The Mailers ami Fellows of EmanxtHCollege -

University of Cambridge -

George MontagUe, Esquire, Ranger of Sa Forest - -Samuel Lord Stasham, Remembrancer in the Court' of Exchequer - -

Robert Vanjitta'rt, LL. D. Profefl’oi* of Law in the University of Oxford -Peter Burrell, Esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Lands -

Henry Earl of Suffolk, one of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State

Wills Karl of IIill)[/borough, another - -

William Henry Karl of Rockford, another - -Thomas Ramsden, Esquire, His Majesty’s Latin Secretary -James Lord Tyrmcley, on hisAnnfiity-‘ -"

Solomon DayroUe, Esquire, Mailer of the Revels

The I loirs of Colonel Fairfax -

John Pitt, ElqUire, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods -

The Dean and Chapter of Westminster~ -

John JIatJcll, Esqilire, Clerk of the House of Commons -

Huffed P lumt ree, M. D. Reader of Phyli'c in the Uni verb ty of Oxford

*11ie Master of Sou t hicell School ——

Iliehard Sutton, Esquire, on his Annuity - -

Sir John Eardly IVilmot, on his Annuity" -

IaivcII Stanhope, Esquire, on his Pension -....

Kdicanl Ilattoh, Esquire, Keeper of Hit) Majesty’s private Roads -

Thomas Whately, Esquire, late D®.....- -

Jaihes Marriott, LL. D. Advocate General -

William Whitaker, Esquire, His Majesty’s Prime Serjeant - -

Ilenri) Vaughan, Esquire, Keeper of the Lions in the Tower -Sir Thomas Parker, on his Annuity ——

An ft Blaekerbth Housekeeper of the Ilonfe of Lords -The Vicars of Litchfield -

The Dean and Chapter of Litchfield - . - -

D« ictor Zachary Brook, Reader of Divinity in the University of Cambridge Horatio Ha I)rile, Esquire, Clerk of the Foreign Estreats in the Court of Exchequer Thomas Chapman, one of the Secondaries in the King’s Remembrancer’s Office Samuel Halifax, L. D. Professor of Law in the University of Cambrhlge -Thomas Thurtvic, B. D. Master of the Temple -

Thomas Guy Cull urn, Esquire, GloueejierKing of Arms -

Thomas Coicper, V iear of the Tower ——

Hoi ait Walpole, Esquire, Uitier of the Receipt of Exchequer - -

George Dunk Earl of Halifax, late Keeper of His Majesty’s Privy Seal -Henry Earl of Suffolk, late D® ——

Doctor George Watts, Mailer of the Temple -

Robert Earl of Northington, bn his Annuity -

Samuel HorJ'ey, Esquire, Gloucester King of Arms - -

The University of Oxford. - '- - -

Michael Crane and John Allen, Apothecaries to His Majesty -

RUM Heron, Treasurer’s Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer Th« Corporation of Dartmouth ——

Total of Fees, Salaries, Pensions, and Annuities

A. 1777.

/. s. d. b8 15 249 7 4

375----

47 4 2

11,300 -

730----

i,ieo-----

19b 6 8

too — — 8r 6 8

7° -

20----

210----

128 10 8

40 — - — 200 ---

12 4 --

21 4 8

7 13 4

ib 13 4

20----

52 *9 2 55 17 4

30----

800 — - — 20b f 8 100 — —

100 -

80----

600 — -

100----

100 -

60----

10----

30----

10 — —

2,400 — — 423 — —

41 6 xo

9 1 C 2 6

1 .1 IO ,r

LI b 8

43 b 8

2b *3 4

40

17

63 — —

41 »4 4-r

3>°!0 18 — 1

4i J9 5

2 b *3 4

53 6 8

64 2 1

80 — —

I4G-736 3 ioi

Bounties,

6 '

9° Apr His.

17 Geo. III.

Bounties.

To Rickard Mateland, esquire, to be distributed amongst the Sufferers by the Tire at the

Town of St. John, in the Island of Grenada -

Benjamin Vaughan, the Younger, as His Majesty’s Free Gift and Royal Bounty Poclor Samuel Stennett - - - - D* -

John Ldrpent, esquire, as His Majesty’s Donation to certain Foreign Protestants

ifir Stephen Thcoaore Janfon, Chamberlain of the City of London, for the Poor of the

365

Thomas Walker, towards defraying the Charge of his Passage to South Carolina 20 —

Benjamin Blagrove D° - Virginia 20

Jlobert Bucan - D# - - D* - 20 i

Nathaniel Manning D* D* - 20

John BOaidfoot - D* - - D" - 20 — -

William Leigh - - D* D# - 10 "

Peter Mucklingber D* - D* - 10 — —

Joseph Mejfmger - D* - D* - IO — — ,

William White - D" - Pensylvania - 10 — — *

William Holt D* Virginia 20 — —

Robert Blackwell - D° - - Neio Jet fey - 20 —

William Hanna - - D* - Virginia 20

John Bracker m D* . D* - - 20 — —

Tfougoi1 Frederick Fling - D* m Pensylvania - 20 —

JI addon Smith m D° - South Carolina 20 —

Bernard Page - D* - Pensylvania - 20 — —

Rodham Kinner - D* m m Virginia 20

John Hyde Saunders D* - - D9 - 20

Alexander Balmain. D* D* - ao — —

Jngis Turin - m D* - - - Jamaica 20 — —

Jefey Carter - D* - - Virginia - 2Q — —

Samuel Smith Me Crojkey D* - - D° - - 20 —

The Corporation of Lyme Regis - - m - 100

Total of Bounties -

Band of Pensioners.

To Philip Cade, esquire. Receiver of the Band of Gentlemen Pensioners - *

Secret Service.

To Grey Cooper, esquire, for His Majesty’s Secret Service - -

William Henry lvarl of Rod ford, one of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State Wills Earl of Hillsborough, another - - - - -

Henry Earl of Suffolk, another -

William Earl of Dartmouth, another - - - -'-

Anthony Todd, esquire, for His Majesty’s Secret Service - -

John Robinson, esquire, for His Majesty’s Secret Service -

Total of Secret Service -

King’s Goldsmith.

To Thomas Honing, for divers Quantities of Gold and Silver Pldte

To James'BrudeneU, esquire

Privy Purse.

Contingences of divers Natures.

Messrs. Amyand and Siebel, to pay Bills of Exchange - -

Edward Harland, one of the Messengers attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer, for Travelling Charges -

Thomas Aldfirton, another - «'

Thomas Pratt, esquire, to reimburse Expences -

More to pay Bills of Exchange - -

George Earl of Orford, Ranger of Hyde Park, for watering the Ring John Elly, Keeper of the West Gate in Hyde Park, for watering the Road in the fei< Park ——

Cuchett Jouveneel, esquire, to reimburse Expences -

More, to pay Bills of Exchange - -

Thomas Nuthall, esquire, for Law Charges -

Mark Basket for Stationery Ware delivered to several Persons -Charles Eyre and William Strahan for printing the Acts of Parliament, Sc.

The Earl of Holdernesse, Governor to his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, so

Expences - -.....- - -

More, as Governor to Prince Henry and Prince Edward -Jeremy Sneyd, esquire, for special Service - -

John Reinhold Fofier and George Foster his Son, for His Majesty’s special Service John Reynolds, Under Sheriff of London and for Conviction of Felons

John Chandler - D" Surrey -. - for D®

Vol. 36. 5 A

C s. <L 1,000 — —

8 30 — —

1,700 — — 500 — —

5.540-----

6,000-----

12.000 -

3,000-----

2,250-----

3»939 11 2£ 432 19 9* 7,642 4 6

21.000 -

50,264 15 6

11,689 12 4

48,000 — —

2,130 1 6

79 10 — 79 10 —

13,300----

1,644 — 7 200 — —

65-----

1,848 10 — > 588 6 —

11,500----

3>439 17 4 7/fo1 6 5

3»i32 8 9

3,094 4 2 1,795 6 — 2,070----

530----

To

3<5S

O

To Samuel M<wd>!, esquire, Sheriff of for Conviction of Felons

Under

D°

D°

D°

D°

1)°

Thomas llarrifon,

Thomas Gregory William Corf)

Thomas Turkman, et al.

.. Marmaduke G-

_ Tike art! C'/<?rAr, Gent.UnderD° liobert Whillis- - IP ..William Davys - - D®

ChariO'-Watkins Mcfty D®

Nichains Smith - - D®

A dam Pierce - Under D® Alexander Crock - I)®

Edmund Waller, esquire. D®

Eduard Clarke, esquire D®

Thomas llarrifon. Under D®

John Jeanes

_ John Venotir

Benjamin Weiherall . Saunuel Moo, esquire ..... Alexander Crake

D®

D®

I)®

D®

D®

Efx -Kent Somerset -Coventry -Brecon Oxford -Dorset Brecon Worccsler Salop Devon Bucks Ghjucester Oxford Essex -Southampton Warwick -Lincoln -Herts Bucks

for

for

for

for

for

D®

D®

D®

D®

I)®

for D®

' for for for for for for for for for for for for for for

D"

I)®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

I)*

D®

D®

I)®

D®

Edmund I Taller - D® Gloucester for D® - -

George Neville, esquire . D® Nottingham for D® -

Charles Watkins Mefey I)® Worcester- for D® - d>

Levis Gwynnc, esquire IP Cardigan- for IP - -

Jehu Smith, esquire D® Dorset for D® - -

Sir Ellis Cunfi/fe, Bart. Sheriff of the County of for an Overpayment -

Sij Charles Shuckburgh _ - Db - lVarwickJliirey for D° - -

f hiuEranklyn, esquire - D® Bedford for D® - -

.Sir . Michael le Flem - D* - Cumberland, for D" - -

William Talk, esquire . D® Wilts, for D® - -

John Spalding, esquire - D" - Cumberland, for I)® - -

John Call - - - D® Cornwall, for D® - -

Sir Chandos Hofkin - D® Hereford, for D® - -

William Baker and JoJ’k Martin, Sheriffs of Ixmdon, Sic. for D® - -

Charles Bairmond, esquire - D® Esex, . for D® - -

Thomas Master, esquire. - - D* Gloucester, for D" -

Charles Burnet, esquire - - D® Bedford, for D° -

Edward Pytts, esquire - m D® Wi brcester for D® -

George Dovjionefquire - - D® Nottingham, for IP - *

George Prefcot - D® - Hertford,; for IP -

Willia m Laugh am Jones - I)® Wilts, for IP - -

Charles Anders Pelham - D® Lincoln, for D° .

Sir William - - IP Berks, for D®

William Dramr, esquire- - D® Oxford, for D° - -

William Richardfun, esquire - D® Sufex. for IP -

Richard Aston, esquire - - D® Chester, for IP - -

Alton Lever, esquire - D® Lane a Jer for D® , - *

i'xhvard Is Grand, esquire. for His Majesty’s special Service - -

Alexander Burnett, esquire, to reimburse Expences Petgr Roi)erls, esquire. Remembrancer of the City of for a Bilijof Impofls

upon W incs - -

ie: Reprefontatives of Sainuel Wright, for Rent of a House at Whitehall Ihofnas llarrifon, one of the Messengers of the Treasury, for Travelling Charges - J John Walker, another ——

William Ro/s, another . - -

Thopias Gibbons, another -

The Officers of t Re Tally Court, for levying Tallies, -

Horace Walpole, Qlquire, Ulher of the Receipt of Exchequer _ -

John Walker, esquire, Ullier of the Court of Exchequer -

The Representatives of John fycuufrt, for transporting Felons - - ", -

Sir Joseph Ayloffl\ and others, for sorting Records, SCc. -Sir John Ficlding^ for Dinners for the Magistrates of Westminster -

John Larpent, elcjuirc, for His Ma|efly’s special Service — More-to himself for the Rent of a tloufe in Cleveland Row Robert Earl oi'Jloldermfc, Governor to the Prince of Wales, for incident Expences Thomas Cox, Esquire, Ranger of Bagshot Rails, for Turnips for the Deer i-Thomas Dring, to be distributed amongst the Under Clerks of the Privy Council Robert Allen, Gentleman, to be paid over to Trevor Cony, Esquire, Commissary of Dan/zig - -

Alexander Burnett, Esquire, for His Majesty’s special Service -Thomas Sandby, Esquire, Steward of Wind/br Great Park -John Lord Viscount Bateman, Master of the Buckhounds, for his Equipage -John Pownall, Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners for promoting the Trade of

this Kingdom, for incident Charges - - ....

J. 1777s

1C- * C

2qO----

320 — ---

33o ——

»4° — — 40 — —

-20----

40 -

120 — — 50

zoo--

,60 —

140 — — 60 — r — .

40

1.20

120 — —

120 —

20 .

60 — ‘

80 — "

110 — '

40 —

60 — "

5° — "

40 — —

105 18 z

7 11 . 7

7 18 5

9

51 2 5

7 x9 9

33 x7. 1

61 7 for

523 xx' 8

5 x7 8

51. ..1 6r

.18 3 11

21 6 8

14 15' 9

- I' H

76 2 11

82 18.' 6

17 16 3!

8 19

14 18 10

6a 7 8

T, -55. 6. .8

316 18 6

199 10 — 205 7 —

338 lO

190-----

-55 — ' — 33s 3 — 10216 —

11^46 8 3I

1,251 8, —

1,140 — — 1,000 — — -

120 -

365 10 —

155 12 6

70----

300 — —

qo 16 —

643----

4*896 3 3$

700 — —

i, S84 7 —

To

' le

17 Geo. III.

367

To I^ichard Stevcnfoit, One of the Messengers of the Court of Exchequer, for Travelling Charges - - - *» ' . - - - - .

Deiwen# Davis, another ——

Henry Ballcwe, another - ‘ ‘ ’ - - *'

Zachary Taylor, another -

John Poller, late another ——

Samuel Wilkinson, another - -

Doctor Richard Jebb, in Consideration of his having attended the Duke of Gloucester in Italy ——

Robert Adair, for the like Service - -

Nicholas Bovfoy, esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Commons, for a

Bill of Disbursements ——

John Hatfell, esquire, for Printing and other Works for the’ House of Commons

The Messengers of the Treasury, for circulating Land Tax Acts of Parliament*.

The Clerks of the House of Commons, for their Attendance upon the said House The Clerks of the House of Peers - - - * - "-

Richard Jeph/on.esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Peers, for his

Attendance upon -the said House - . ...

Robert Earl of Holdernesse, Governor to the Prince of Wales, for incident Expences

Robert Nuton, for catching and carting Deer - ... 1.

Robert ShaxhoeU, for His Majesty’s special Service *

Hans Stanley, esquire. Governor of the Isle of Wight, for a Surplusage - *

Arthur Vaufittart, esquire, for the Rent of Mote Park k

John Pitt, esquire, for Repairs in Hyde Park - -

; ... - Total of Contingencies

t ». A

128 -*- .

44-----

133 6 8

146-13 4

24 — —

104 — -~

2^000 — ---

t,-5QO —

556 I —

422 7 6

' 33^ -

870 ——

400---- —

72-----

- 106 6 4

857 4*6

339 13 >1*

’ 323 9 ~ 500 — —

91,877 14 if

Royal Family - - - -; - .*- -Foreign Ministers - - - - ---- Fees, Salaries, Pensions, and Annuities ..... Bounties - - Band of Pensioners - - ----- Secret Service - - ‘ -King’s Goldsmith - -Contingencies - - - - , i m - - \ - '* . *. 1 . 48,000 — — 69,125. 5 r-99>633: 3 9f i41»73® 3 IQi 5.540 — r- 6,000 -r-' — 50,264 15 .6 , 11,689 u .4 9L877-14 if

‘ v . , Total jf. C ’ m — . $£3186$ 14 7f =c=s±=a caa==3 .'L--

.» - — ------- ass g^saaeajgggafei 1 ' i;

/* — t 1 .; J , \ ’ ' ' .

An ACCOUNT of all Monies whith have been issued and paid at the Receipt of Hifc Majesty’s ^ijtcheqfuer, to any Person or Persons, on account of the Privy Purse, Secret Service, Pensions, bounties,-Contingencies, or toy Sum or Sums of Money, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, without Account, friAn the 5 th Day of Janutuy 1773 to the 5th Day of January 1774. . , 1 .

s: : U: '’

- . RdYAL FAMILY;:- I; - ;t’t '

To Her Majesty Queen Charlotte. - - > * ' * i . v *

His Royal Highness the :Duke of Cumberland - t.

Robert Earl of Holdernesse, Governor to the Prince of Wales - -

More, as Governor to Prince William Henry and Prince Edward - - - V t

l '

Total of the Royal Family *

4

Foreign Ministers.

To Sir Joseph I ’orhe, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the States General ’ of the United Provinces - . - . -

Simon Earl of Harcourt, Ambassador Extraordinary arid Plenipotentiary to the Mqft Christian King - -

Thomas Lord Grantham, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Catholic King - - , - - - . - v -

Vol. 36.

: 1- d-

50,000-----

‘ 9,000 — . — 7134610 — 1,115 ——

67,461 10;----

5,128 II .4

3.843 12 1

5,128 II 4

To

O

3(58

9° dprilis.

To David Visconnt Stormo)it, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Court of Vienna -

Sir Wm Lynch, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the King of Sardinia -Sir Wm Hamilton, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the King of the Two Sicilies -

Sir James Wright, Resident with the Republic of Venice

Benjamin Langlois, esquire, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Court of Vienna ....

t^ewisDe Vifme, esquire, Minister Plenipotentiary to the Elector of Bavaria -Edward Bttyntun, esquire, Agent and Consul General at Tripoli -Edward Hay, esquire, on £-2 a Day ——

< Thomas Wroughton, esquire, Resident at the Court of Poland - -

William Norton, esquire, Minister at the Swiss Cantons -Sir Horace Mann, Envoy Extraordinary to the Great Duke Titfcany -Sir John Goodricke, Elnvoy Extraordinary to the King of Sweden -Robert Gunning, esquire. Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Empress of Russia ——

James Harris, eftjuire. Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Prussia -

John O/borne, esquire. Envoy Extraordinary to the Court of - -

Ralph Woodford, esquire, late Minister with the Hans Towns - - - 7

More, as Envoy Extraordinary to Denmark - - - - ]

William Gordon, esquire, Minister at the Court of Brtffels -Alexander Monro, esquire Consul at Madrid - -

John Blacqvtre, esquire, late Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Most Christian King - -

Sir Robert Norland, Minister Plenipotentiary to India -James Sam/on, esquire, Consul General at Tetuan - -

James Trail, esquire, Consul at Tunis - -

Robert Walpole, esquire. Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Mof Faithful King -

John Murray, Ambassador at the Ottoman Porte - - .

Emanuel Mathias, lateAgent with the Hans Towns -

More, as Resident with the Hans Towns -

Frederick Robinson,-ei<\\xvse, Secretary to the Embassy to the Court of Spain -

Edward Barker, esquire, Agent and Consul General at Tripoli -

Isaac Jamineau, esquire,-Consul at -Naples - - ....

James Hojbrd, esquire, Consul at Naples -

Archibald Campbell Frajer, esquire. Agent and Consul General at Algiers -

Jofiak Hardy, esquire, Consul at Cadiz....

Robert Irvine, esquire, Consul at the Ports of Newport, and Bruges, in

Flanders -

Daniel Bmnesler, esquire, Consul at Carthagena.

Solomon Dayrolle, esquire, late Consul at Brussels

_ Frederick I/xiorence, esquire, on £. 300 a Year - -

John Burnaby, esquire, on 30 s.a Day - -Sir James Porter, on £. 1,000 a Year - ....

Charles Holzendorjff, esquire, on £.400 a Year -

Jacob Beneder, esquire. Vice Conlul at Sallee - -

Charles hcnd Cathcart, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Empress of Russia

Sir Robert Murray Keith, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Denmark

llorace St.Paul, Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Mofit Christian King Charles Logie, esquire, Consul General to the Emperor of Morocco -John Strange, Esquire, Resident with the Republic of Venice - -

Sir James Gray, Bar*, on /.3 a Day -

Sir John Dick, Consul at Leghorn ....

Total of Foreign Ministers

Fees, Salaries, Pensions, and Annuities.

To the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer Frederick Lord North, Chancellor of the Exchequer -

John Shelley, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in the Tower of London, for Three Clerks -

More on £.500 a Year - -

- - Richd Morley, esquire. Keeper of the Records in the Court of Exchequer

Abraham Farley and John Ruffe, Keepers of D° -

More, as Keepers of D° in the Chapter House at -

Abraham Farley and John Rose, Keepers of D* -

Robert Jennings, esquire, for his extraordinary Services in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer ——

Bartholomew Lucas, Gent, for keeping the Registers of all the Public Loans in the said Office - -

The Clerks of His Majesty’s Treasury -

Hugh Valence Jones, esquire. One of the Solicitors of the Treasury

A. 1777.

£. s. d.

5>385 i4 3 3>37°-----

— 19 3»

2,500

1.125

762

1,050

*53

825

1.125

1,425

a,i55

2,221

2,650-----

1,791-----

1,675-----

*/377 -

1,600 — — 750 — —

1,176-----

f»675 -

600-----

.375 -

2,590 fr, —

825-----

t7S --412 14 10$

850----

402 --- T —

300 -

187 IO --

1,200 17 6

15°----

150----

75-----

825-----

225 -

412 10 —

750-----

300-----

231 6 —

4,040 14 3

1,541 — — 262 9 —

200-----

561 —

564-----

139 18 3

67,242 9 8

8,000 — — . 1,600 ——

150----

500----

221 9 2f IOI 10 qi 261 1 nf

218 18 — f

100----

50----

3>°55 5 H

200----

To

17 Geo. III.

tfApriks.

To Thomas Nuthrdl, esquir$, one of the Solicitors of the Treasury - *

Benedict Schuller, et at. for Services by them performed in His Majesty’s Treasury -John Jackson, Porter, attending the Exchequer Gate - - - > i

John Earl of Tylney, Warden of the Forest of Waltham - - - *

Henry Hooka, Chief Cleric in the Record Office in the Tower of London -

John Earl of Bkte, Ranger of Richmond Park - - * - - - - *

Peter Calvert,1 esquire, Keeper of the Records relating to the forfeited Estates in England

Abraham Farldy, esquire. Senior Deputy Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Exchequer -Robert Pigot, qfquire, Solicitor in the Court of Exchequer - *

William Henry Duke of Giovcrfier, Ranger of Hampton Court Park *

More, for holding Swanimote Courts - - - - <

The Under Keepers of Cranbum Chafe ..... i

.. Horatio Walpole, esquire, Clerk of the foreign Estreats in the Court of Exchequer -The Executors of Edvard Hatton»_ Keeper of His Majesty’s private feoads - -

Thomas Whately, esquire, late D’. - - - »> - -

Heniy Folkes, esquire, Messenger of the Order of the Bath - -« -

Henry Duke of Newcastle, Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer -

Sir Edward Wplpffle, Clerk of the Pells - -

Nathaniel Roioe, esquire. Clerk of the foreign ERreats in the Court of Common Pleas John Shelly, esquire. Clerk of the Pipe - *; - -

The Officers in the said Office - «. *_ *. -. - *

The Clerks of the Council - * ’ *»_ *_ -

George Earl of Pojnfret, Ranger of the House or Little Park at . ~

Augufius Earl Berkeley, Constable of the Forest of Dean - -

, The Commissioners for promoting Trade of this Kingdom John Poicnall, esquire. Secretary to the said Commissioners Henry Earl of Rockford, one of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries Of State _ . Henry Earl of Suffolk, another - - - - * -

William Earl of Dartmouth, another - - > \ \ _ -

WilUs Earl of Hikjborough, late another *-'*

Sir Charles Colterell Dormer; Knight, Mailer of the Ceremonies to His Majesty »

Francis Bar lot), King’s Cleric in the Crown Office - - * <

Francis Earl of Hertford, Lord Chamberlain to His Majesty’s Houshold * *

William Earl Talbot, Lord Steward of His Majesty’s Houlhora - -

Thomas Duke tof Leeds, Chief Justice in Eyre of all His Majesty’s Forest* beyond Trent - - *

Sir Fletcher Norton, D* South of Trent - - »

Edward Thurtpu\ esquire. Attorney General _ - *_

Alexander Wedderburne, esquire, Solicitor General -Sir Fletcher Nor tore, Speaker of the House of Commons < -

Henry Earl of Darlington, Keeper of His Majesty’s Jewels -Grenville LeviJ^n Earl Gower, Lord President of His Majesty’s Priy, Council George Duke of Sj. Albans, of his Annuity - -

Richard Hammpni, esquire, Foreign Appofer in the Court of Exchequer -George Earl of Oxford, Ranger of Hyde Park. -.

More, for Two additional Keepers to St. Japies’s Park- * *

Thomas Sandby, Esquire, Superintendant of the Works in Windsor Great Park The Messengers of His Majesty’s Exchequer for Termly Bills Samuel John Barnejly, Messenger of His Majesty’s Chamber »

John Tracy Atkyns, Esquire, Fifth Baron in the Court of Exchequer John Symonds, esquire, Professor of Modem History in the University of Cambridge George Onslow, of Oakham, esquire, Out Ranger of Wincjor Forest »

George William Earl of Bristol, Groom of the Stole to His Majesty *

Samuel Lord Masham, one of the Gentlemen of His Majesty’s Bed Chamber William Earl of March, another - *

Lord Willoughby de Broke, another - *

Thomas Lord Bruce, another -Edward Earl of Oxford, another -George Earl of Pembroke, another BaJU Earl of Denbigh, another -Lord Robert Bertie, another

George Earl of Oxford, another -John Duke of Roxburgh* another - - 1

Frederick Lord Vjfcount Bolingbroke, another

George Earl of Pomfret, another

George Bujfey Ead of Jersey, another -John Lora viscount Hinchingbrook, Vice Chamberlain of His Majesty’s HOuffield ‘ John Augufius Hervey, esquire, one of the Gropms of His Majesty's Bed Chamber Charles Hothaifi, esquire, another.

Sir James Wright^ another John Afofyn, esquire, another John Mtfrdaunt, esquire, another Sir James Peachy, another -Sir William Breton, Knight, another Vot. 36. B

369

1)000

820----

20 - — . — 202 10 — -

200 -

5* 15 —

ItOO " — i 40 — i 12 to

637 9

4® —

20-----+

53 6 ft

Si 13 4 62,13 4 &4i 5

20 0-----

*95 8 4 jo *»-» Bo-----

60 ~ —

£10 —

7>*34 — 5$

1,150 "---

1,850----

1,350 -

t,8$o — —

*95 9 9* loo — —

50 — —

4,*50 — — M55 — —

4,67$ -

3,3*0 -

115 10 — >410-2,000 — ---

525---

3,000 -

75o -

40----

300----

67 10 — *

547 10 — 208 -

60 16 8

IOO — -

645 19 6£ 300 -- —

L500----

750 -

75o-----

1 5o "--

750 -

150 -

1 5® ---

75® -

750-----

75®

75° "

750 — —

75o —

750 — — 45° —

375 ~ — 375 — — 375 — — 375 " — 375 — — 375 —

4

37°

9* Apritis.

To William TTarcourt, esqitfre, one of the Grooms of His Majesty’s Bedchathbei*

Jlcnnj Vernon, esquire, another - - - ‘ -

Sir George OJborrit, another - ‘ ' .

Thomas De Grey, Junior, esquire, Another - . "* -

Henry St. John, esquire, another - - *> - 1; - *

Captain Philip Hale, another - - - w . * -

Peter Burrell, esquire. Surveyor General of His Majesty’s'Lands -

Thomas Ramfdpn, esquire. His Majesty’s Latin Secretary - - .

Thomas Dring bnd John Picket, Keepers of the Council Chathber - :. }

Hie Corporation of Lyme Regis - - - *' - '> ' -

Thomas Nowell, D. D. Professor of Modern History in the University oTOfford

Edfottrd Bibbing?, Junior, Messenget appointed to look after the Printing^Press * Abraham Farlgy and John Borlqjfe;esquire^, Deputy Chamberlains Of his Majesty’s

Exchequer j - - - - f - , - . ..H

Anthony ShephfrdjT). D. Professor of Mechanics to His Majesty " . * /'-

' CHicis et Mviijlris Secrii- - - - - - ' j -

John Lord Bifhpp of Saruin, Chancellor of the Order Of the Garter ’ -

Johh Tabor Kemp, Attorney General at Nero York: - - ’ -‘ ' " . ' "

John "Earl of Rothes, on hi» Allowance - - - - l -

Frfoicis Lord Napkr AiidfewSt. Cldir, Junior, esquire ‘

Georgc Earl of Crawford -I,adtr Mary Cdmpbell -Sir Robert Menzies -

Alexander Frafer> esquire -

John liofd Gray

James Courts and Thomhs Coutts -

Ann Countess of Nortktjk - " '

Thd Earl of Moreton -James Earl of Lauderdale -Janies Lord Forbes - . - ,

Alexander Lord Banff 1 George Lord Raey

ITugh Lord Raey ~ -

Thomas Dundas, esquire *

James Earl of Li-rdl -

John Isy, esquire," Clerk Assistant in the "House of Commons - -

Thomas Alderton, One of the Messengers 'attending the Chancellor of the Latch e<]uer - i - a

Edward Harland, another -' ' - - - ,* * -'

Dr. Richard Dickjbn Lyllington, Readerhnd Preacher at Hampton Court - *

Augustus Henry Duke of Grafton, Keeper of His Majesty’s Privy Seal -

John Pollen, esquire. Chief Justice of Car, fife. - - -Edward Poor, esquire. Second Justice Of D* - - - - ' > -

Dames Barrington, esquire. Chief Justice of Carnarvon - - - - '; " .

James Ilayes, esquire, Second Justice of D° - - - ' ' - - .

John Williams, esquire, Chief Justice of Glamorgan, fife, - -

William Whitaker, esquire, Second Justice of U*- -

William ChctziA/nd, esquire. Examiner of all Interludes *---« Edicard Caped, esquire. Deputy of D® - - - . - -

Nevil Majkelyite, A. M. . - . - - - ’ -

More, for an Assistant - - - - *'

Sir Francis Mobpieux, Knight, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod - - .

More, for art Assistant - - -: - ’ ' -; -

Claudius Amyand, Keeper of His Majesty’s Libraries *'- - . L - -

Thomas Ix>rd Hyde, Chancellor of the Dutchy of Lancaster - - * -

Edmund Bishop of Chester, for Four Preachers - - - -- " 4 - *

Charles Lord Cathcart ~ - -

Alexander Earl of Galloway ——

The Mayor of Macclesfield ----- - »

Robert Nunn, Porter of the Outward Gate of Castle - - *

Debentures.

The Officers of the Receipt of Exchequer -

Henry Lord Apjly, Chancellor of Great Britain -

Horatio Walpole, esquire, Uffier of the Receipt of Exchequer, for the Watchmen John Tracy Atkyiis, esquire, Fifth Baron of the Exchequer - *

Philip Sharpe, esquire, Keeper of the Council Records Stephen Cotterell, esquire, D* 4 ' - -

The Clerks of the Privy Council -John Earl of Bute, Ranger of Richmond Park Robert Earl of Holdernesse, Conliable of Dover Castle

Sir Fletcher Norton, Knight, Chief Justice in Eyre oh the South Side of Trent -Thomas Duke of Leeds, Chief Justice in Eyre on the North Side of Trent George Earl of (Jr/ord] Ranger of St. James"* Park

' v

_ ' a-

' v

A. IJjf.

£ *-L

375 --- i

375 -

375 -

375 -

375 -

6oo----

200 -

200 - — -

73 -

too — - -

400 — -

30----

80 - —

i5o —

35 — 57° 5 "

200 —

800 — — 200 — -

1f2 to — *

4jOO m —

400 -

200 — 6f)6 —

300 —

600 —

800 ’- -

200 - -

20 17 8i

m *3 7*

200 — 400 —

8bo — 400 — —

36 12 — 36 12 —

40

>#o8i 400 — 400 — 400 — 400 -u 300 — 400 -J-400 — 200 — = 250 — 70 — 200 — t

too — 4 qoo

200 — =

00 — 50 —

*5 — 80.5 1^ 5

5,000 — * —

365 —

Sr it 4 125 — —

47 3i

8r2 td —

82 10 ---

3»°75----

106 13 4

75 ~ —

670 a

i 7 Geo. III.

P'

37*

To Nicholas Bonfoy, eftjuire, one "of His Majesty’s Serjeants at Arms - »

Henry Brougham, esquire, another - - - - - - - *

Tie nrij Vaughan, esquire, Keeper of the Lions in the Totterof - *

William Duke of Gloucester, Ranger of Hampton Court Park - - ® *

Augustus Henry Duke of Grafton, Keeper of His Majesty’s Privy Seal - -

Sir Charles Cot ter ell Dormer, Knight, Mailer of the Ceremonies to His Majesty Stephen Cotterell, esquire, Assistarit’to O* - , -

Claudius Amyakd, esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s Libraries -

Andrew Stone, Esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s State Papers at Whitehall ' The Ministers Of the Isle of Man - * - -' - -

Martha Bonfoy^ Housekeeper at Newmarket " - > - *

George Duke of Montague, Governor of Windsor Castle - *'** *

Thomas Wynne', esquirej one of the Auditors in the Court of Exchequer *

Henry Shelley and Michael Warden, Esqyires, who aft as the other .

John Truefdale, Gent. Apothecary in Ofdihary to His Majesty

?he Fellows of Eton College -

he King’s Serjeants at Arms - - - > *

George Earl of Pouf ret, Ranger at the House Park at Windsor

JlachaelLloyd, Houfrkeeperat Kensington - -

Bichard Beresford, Master of His Majesty’s Tennis Coiift Will" Aijlabie, fefquire. One of the Audftot&o&the ImprOft -Samuel Lord Sondes, the other - -' -

George Onjtow, of Oakham, esquire, Out-Ranger of Windsor Forei Charles Ambler, esquire, one of His Majesty’s Chunfel at LaW Jaines Mansfield, esquire, another

Sir Anthony Thomas Abdy, another Henry Banks, esquire, another Edward Bear croft, esquire, another ' JantesWallace, eftjuire,' another - -

George Lends NcWnhartt, esqflire, another Gryffyid Price, esquire, another ' .

Rkhf Perryn, esqflire, another John Skinner, esqflire, anothet

George Duke of ot. Albans -Chri/t's Hospital -Thomas Major, Engraver of Seals to His Majesty Thomas Dring, et al. Keepers of the Council Chamber The Officers of the Board of Works *

Sir Harry Burrard, Keeper of New Forty The Corporation of Berwick The Corporation of Dartmouth - -

John Shelly, esquire. Clerk of the Pipe The Judges of England »

John Moreton, esquire, Chief Justice of Chtyer Taylor esquire. Second Justice of D*

The Mailers in Chancery

Rich1 Stonehewer, esquire, Knight Harbinger to His Majt_

William Lowndes, esquire. Auditor of the Land Revenues'

Edward Thurldio, esquire, Attorney General __

Alexander Wedderbume, esquire, Solicitor General Robert Faster, esquire. Cleric'of the Nichills -The King’s Heralds - - - -.

John Suffield Brown, Eftjuire, 'Blanc CourJUsr Herald Henry Hill, Esquire, Brunswkk Herald The Officers of the Board of Ordnance -

John Kelly, M, D. ProfessorofPhysicin the University of Oxford Frederick Lord North, Chancellor of the Exchequer The Churchwardens of St. Sotolph

D* - St. Michaels

D* - St. Magnus

D* - St. John the Baptig -

The Master artd Felloes of Emanuel College The University of Cambridge -

George Montague, esquire. Ranger of Sazbfey Fpreft Samuel Lord MaJfham, Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer Robert Vcrnfittart, LL. D. ProfetTot of Law in the University of Oxford Petct Burrell, Eftjuire, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Lands Henry, Earl of Suffolk, One of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries Wills, Earl of Hillsborough, another - -

William Henry Earl of Rockford, another, »

Thomas Ramsden, esquire. His Majesty’s Latin Secretary rJtimes Lord Tyrawley, on his Annuity *

Solomon Dayvoile, esquire, Master of the Revels The, Heirs of Colonel Fairfax -

John Pitt, esquire. Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods The Dean and Chapter of Westminster Voi. 36.

:fty -

State

N

,'j

L

t

t

s. d.

100 7 d

ioo 7 6

428 2 6

74 3 4

I75 — —

!200 —; ---

222 — 200 — - — i

i do -

too----

200 -

183 — 1 400 — 300 — . — 4 II5 —

42 --- — 4 -

853 l6 -4 300 — — 300 -Tf —

IQ2 4. ---

l6 13 4

600 — - —

- ' 40 -a -49 5 6t

40-----

40-----

43 — ' 9I

46 -

40 — — 40 — —

1*029 j 6 370 10 —

5° — —

91 10 — k

249 ? 4

300 -

100 — - — *

47 4 2 ai>479 — 4

730 _

1*098 2 2$

*95 *6 8 100 — 81 6 8

2° "T 20----

420 — —

26 *3 4

26 *3 4

253 1 4

34 H 10

200

7 12 4

21 4 8

2 *3 4

10 *3 4

20 — — *

4o — —

55 *7 4

40 — - — *

800 . — —

±06 5 8

61 2 .9

loo — -

80 —

800 -4 — -

IO — >

100 ——

IOO — --

90 To

37*

5>* Apri

To John Hatfell, esquire, Clerk of the ttoufe of Commons - -

Russell Plumtree, M.D. Reader of Physic in the University of Oxford -The Mailer of Southwell School -

Rid? Sutton, esquire, on his Annuity - - - - *

Sir John Eardly IVilmot, on his Annuity -

lx>vell Stanhope, esquire, ou his Pension -

Iuizcard Hatton, esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s private Roads - *

Thomas Whately, esquire, late D* -

J<lines Mar riot, LL.D. Advocate General - - - *

William Whitaker, esquire, His Majesty’s Prime Serjeant _ - -

Sir Thomas Parker, on his Annuity - - - - * - *

Ann Blackerby, Housekeeper of the House of Lords -

The Vicars of Litchfield *

The Dean and Chapter of Litchfield -

Dr. Zachary Broojc, Reader of Divinity of the University of Cambridge -Horatio Walpole, esquire. Clerk of the Foreign Estreats in the Court of kEx-chequer -

Thomas Chapman, Opo of the Secondaries in the King’s Remembrancer’s Office -

Samuel Halifax, L-D. Professor of Law in the University of Cambridge -Thomas Thurloxo, B. D. Mailer of the Temple - - - *

Thomas Guy Cutlum, esquire, Gloucester King of Arms -

Thomas Cowper, Vicar of the Tower - - - - . - -

Horace Walpole, esquire, Ulher of the Receipt of Exchequer -

Total of Fees, Salaries, Pensions, and Annuities

Bounties.

To Dr. Sam1 Stennett, as His Majesty's Free Gift and "Royal Bounty - -

Benjamin Vaughan, the Younger for D® - - - , -

The Corporation of Lyme Regis, for D° -

Sir Stephen Theodore Jansen, Bar' for D®, for the Poor of the City of London

Rich*Shadioell, esquire, for the Relief of certain Foreign Protellants -

Edward cfenkins. fordefravinfr the Charge of his Palfaee to South Carolina

Virginia *

Antigua -

Virginia - Carolina -

S[ Christopher Philadelphia Antigua - -

Newjerfey -Maryland - -

Neio -

West Florida S° Carolina Virgbtia -

D® -

Jamaica -

Virginia -

Georgia - -

N" Carolina Jamaica N‘ Carolina Neio Jersey -

Maryland -

D® -

Pensylvania -Dominica -

Virginia -

E‘ Florida -

Georgia -

Total of Bounties

Band of Petitioners.

To William Cade, esquire. Receiver of the Band of Gentlemen Pensioners *

Samuel Dent D®

Robert Andrews - . D®~

James Coutts D®

Francis Wilson D®

Charles Frederick Moreau - D°

Henry Robert Duckworth D®

Wm Stringer D®

John Shepherd - D®

Samuel Tingley - - D®

Robert Graham - D®

William Kenley - - D"

Raima Coffett - D®

George Chapman - D®

John Dundas - D®

John Campbell - D®

William Mackenzie D®

Thomas Poole - D®

John Maclean x - - D®

John Holmes - D®

Nicholas Christian D®

William Morgan - - D®

Nathaniel Blount - D®

Uzal Ogden - - D®

Thomas Read D®

James Wilmer m D®

Thomas Hopki - D®

Joseph Miller m D®

Thomas Davis D®

Daniel Balwell - D®

John Icadbeater - - D®

John Renice - m D®

A. 1777.

C d.

IO — ---

40 -

IO-----

*54 7l 2,400----

564---

49

41 6 10 L930 4

926

15-----

10-----

13 6 8

43 $ 8

13 4

46 — — 15 1 2J 4i 15 — I »3 6 8 *33 6 8

I39»°3I 7 "i

1,700 -800 -IOO -1,000 -500 -2, 0 20 20 -20 -20 -20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20

4,740 -

4>5°°----

Secret

17 Geo. III.

Secret Service.

To Grey Cooper, esquire, for His Majesty’s secret Service - *

William Earl of Dartmouth, One of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State Willis Earl of Hiltjborough, late another -Henry Earl of Rochford, another -

Henry Earl of Suffolk, another - -

Anthony Todd, esquire, for His Majesty’s secret Service -John Robivfon, esquire, for - - D® -

‘Total of Secret Service

King's Goldsmith.

To Thomas Heming* His Majesty’s Goldsmith, for Plate, SfC* .

f. d.

14,000 — — 2*250 -

3i7 — *4

2*250-----

2,250-----

6,828 16 — 21*000 -

48*895 16

2*164 19 7

Contingencies of divers Natures.

To Cuchet Jouventel, esquire, to reimburse Expences - More, to pay Bills of Exchange -

Mark Basket, for Stationery Wares, fife. -

Charles Eyre and William Strahan, for printing Acts of Parliament, fife. -John Pownall, esquire. Secretary to the Commissioners of Trade, for incident Expences

Thomas Harrison* one of the Four Mefl'engers of the Receipt of Exchequer, for

Travelling Charges John Walker, another, for D®

William Ross, another, for D®

Thomas Gibbons, another, for

J® emor to the Prince of Wales, for incident Expei

jr Prince William Henry and Prince Edward

iriff of Suffolk, for Conviction of Felons

D® London for D®

D® m Chester for D®

D® m Cornwall for D®

D® - Northampton for D®

D® m Somerset for D®

D® m Devon - for D"

D® m.

D® m Dorset for D®

D® Berks - for D®

D® Bucks for D®

D® Gloucester - for D®

D® Kent - for D*

D® York - for D®

D® Warwick for D®

D® - Hereford for D®

D® Surrey for D*

D® Hertford for D®

D® Essex - for D®

D® - Southampton for D®

D® - Devon for D®

D® m Norfolk for D®

D® - Somerset for D®

D* Suffolk for D®

D® - Coventry for D® .

D® - Brecon for D®

D® Worcester for D*

D® m Leicester for D*

D® - Northampton for D®

D® m Wilts - for D®

D® m Cornwall for D®

D® m York for D®

D® - Warwick for D®

D® Bucks for D®

D® ► Stafford - - for D® ,

D® D° - - for D® r

D® Carmarthen - for D®

D® Lancaster . for D® .

D® - Bedford for D®

Nathaniel Acton, esquire,

George Daniel

Sir Henri/ Mainwaring, Baronet D®

James Vivian -Francis Beynon Henry Robart -Adam Pierce - - Und<

Nicholas Smyth, esquire Henry Cornish Henley, esquire William Tyrrell, Gent.

Richard Reading, esquire -Thomas Rudge, Gent.

Thomas Gregory

Sir William St. 2uintin, Baronet D®

John Venour, esquire -Ufedale Price, esquire John Chandler - Un<

John Dorien, esquire -Thomas Harrison, Gent. Un John Jeanes, Gent.

Thomas Hull, esquire Edward Hase, esquire John Hugh Smith, esquire -Thomas Maynard, esquire -Thomas Lander Smith Thomas Evans -

George Gardiner Bulfirode

Shalerofs Mason William Ilanbury, esquire William Solomon Francis Pulkinhorne, esquire Sir Marmaduke AJlly Wyvill John Stanton -Richard Reading, esquire -Sir Thomas Broughton Thomas Whitby, esquire John LI01/d, Gent.

Thomas Pollen -John Steward -

John Langley Watts, et al. Sheriff of Norwich, for an Overpayment Nicholas Smith, esquire, Sheriff of Salop D®

John Wilkes and Frederick Bull, esquires, Sheriffs of London, for D®

John Saicbridge and James esquires, D®

John Stanton ----- D®

Charles Watkyns Mefey - - - D®

Charles Ci'czt, esquire - - - D®

Sir Gillias Payne - D®

Vol. 36.

for D®

Warwick, for D® Worcester, for D® Chester, for D® -Bedford, for D® -5C

2,316 t2 6 735 7 6 G5°2 *3 5? 4*977 1 2

2*482 18 —

442 10 — i

68 10 — 221 10 —

354 -

3,041 12 3$

913 2 6

4o -

3,140----

40-----

90-----

80-----

210 — — -60----

120 — —

170----

80 — — 160 — — 240 — —

50 -

20 — —

80-----

480-----

100-----

45°-----

260-----

*5°----

40 — —

240-----

120-----

40-----

io----

80-----

80-----

260-----

210-----

120 -

90-----

120 — — ‘

120-----

170-----

40-----

120-----

40-----

124 9 48 17 1,047 10 815 4

3i

3

6

5 io 6 96 18 2

21 13 n

To

374

9° Aprihs.

A. 1777-

of Stafford, for an Over-payment - - - 10 3 4

IP Rutland for D® - - - 2 9

D® Norfolk, for D® - - - 71 iS 10

D° Leicester, for D# - - 12 11 5

D® Dorset, for D® - X 44 *7 2*

IP Wilts, for D® - . 127 7 1

IP Hertford, - for D® - - - 33 6 10J

IP Warwick, for D® - 2 10 9

D° Bucks, for D® . m m 2 17 1

IP Oxford - for D® - - - 7 9 4$

IP Derby - for D® - _ - 4 13 1

D° Bristol - for D® - - - 45 8

IP Westmorland, - for D* - - - 12 3 S

D® Cornwall for D® - - - *5 1 10

IP Derby, - for D® - - - 9 1 11

Francis Chijledon, esquire John Lamb, esquire,

John Peach Hungerford John Smith -

Henry Penruddock Wyndham

Samuel Moody John Venour Sir William Lee - -

Thomas Willatts William Milnes, esquire Levy Ames, et al.

Sackville Earl of Thanet James Vivian, esquire -Francis Noel Clarke Munday

The Representatives of Samuel Wright, for the Rent of an House Thomas Nuthall, esquire, for Law Charges -

Thomas Pratt, esquire, to pay Bills of Exchange -

More, to reimburse Expences - - - -....

Edward Le Grand, esquire, for His Majesty’s special Service -Edward Harland, one of the Messengers attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer ——

Thomas Alder ton, another, for D° - - -

Richard Shadwell, esquire, for His Majesty’s special Service -

Robert Allen, Gent, for His Majesty’s special Service - - - j

Jeremy, Sneyd, esquire, for His Majesty’s special Service, and to pay Bills of Exchange ----....

More to him for the Rent of an House - -

Sir Joseph Ayloffe, and others, for sorting Records -

George Earl of Orford, for watering the Ring in Hyde Park -

John EUey, Keeper of the West Gate in Hyde Park- - -

Horatio Walpole, esquire, Usher of the Receipt of Exchequer, for Necessaries for the said Exchequer -

John Walker, esquire, Usher of the Court of Exchequer, for Necessaries -Messrs. Amyand and Seibell, for His Majesty’s special Service,-to pay Bills of Exchange -

The Coihpany of ChelJ'ect Water-Works, for supplying the Treasury with Water Thomas Sandby, esquire, for Labour and Expences in Windsor Great Park Richard Rutfon, Chief Bailiff of the Tower, for a Bill of Difourfements -Meffieuts Walpole, Clerk-, and Brown, to pay a Bill of Exchange- - -

The Officers and Clerks of the Tally Court, for levying Tallies -

John Lord Bateman, Master of His Majesty’s Bock Hounds, for his Equipage Hans Stanley, esquire, Governor of the Isle of Wight, for a Bill of Surplusage -Sir John Fielding, for Dinners for the Magistrates of Westminster -

Thomas Dring, for the under Clerks of ther Council - -

Maurice Dreyer and John Dreyer, Trustees for certain Hereditaments at Richmond belonging to Catherine Viscountess Fitztoilliams, as Part of the Compensation for the fame ——

The Messengers of the Exchequer, for circulating Land Tax A of Parliament

William Clement Finch, esquire, for His Majesty’s special Service - -

John Larpent, esquire, for His Majesty’s special Service - - -The Officers of the House of Commons - -

Richard Jephfon, esquire, Serjeant at Arms- attending the House of Commons, for a

Bill of Incidents ——

Lady Catherine Pelham, for Services performed in Greenwich Park -The Clerks of the House of Lords -

Nicholas Bonfuy, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Commons, for Incidents - -

Devereux Davis, One of the Messengers of the Court of Exchequer - -

Richard Stevenson, another ——

Samuel Wilkinson, another ——

Zachary Taylor, another ——

Henry Ballow, another ——

Robert Nunn, for catching and carting Deer - - - J -

Samuel Smith and Richard Stevenson, Deputy Chamberlains of the Exchequer, for levying Tallies - -

John Ilatfcll, esquire, for printing for the Service of the House of Commons -

Charles Ernjl, eiqairc, for*His Majesty’s special Service -Thomas Cover ley, late Chief Bailiff of the Tower of London, for a Bill of Ditburfe-ments ——

Arthur Vanfiltart, esquire, for the Rent of Mote Park -

Total of Contingencea

s.

d.

205

9>5°°

1,274

10,200

316

7 "

18 6

40 — 40 — 7,368 — 136 7

IO

2,995 9 5 311 5 —

1,000----

200 -

65-----

7>899 7 1,121 17

11

4

871

52 2,867

347

1,059

100

700

327

120

300

2

*4 12 11

7

10

9i

H

16 10J

2,265 10 —

336-----

108---- —

1,303 — 9

870-----

no 10 — 125 II 10 400-----

634 14 6

44-----

128-----

128-----

146 13 4 133 6 8 98 2 —

26 — 9

3,305 1 3

286 2 —

743 16 11 323 9 —

88,517 10 8^ Royal

Geo. III.

Royal family *. .

Foreign Ministers -

Fees, Salaries, Pensions, and Annuities Bounties -

Band of Pensioners -

Secret Service King’s Goklsmith -

Contingences *

Privy Purse - *

Total

I-

£: S. d.

67,461 id — -67,242 9 8

139*03* 7 4,740 — —

4,500-----

48,895 16 2,164 19 7

88,517 10 84

48,000 -

47°>553 *4 — i

An ACCOUNT of all Monies which have been issued and paid at the Receipt of Exchequer, to any Person or Persons, on account of the Privy Purse, Secret Service, Pensions, Bounties, Contingences, of any Sum or Sums of Money, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, without Account, from the 5th Day of January 1774 to the 5th Day of January 1775.

Royal Family.

To Her Majesty Queen Charbtte -

His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland -

BobertEarl of Holdemqffe, Governor to the Prince of Wales More to him, as Governor to Prince Wm Henry and Prince Edward

Total of the Royal Family

£ '* d-

50,000 —: —

9*000----

7,346 10 —

1*115-----

67,461 10 —

Foreign Ministers.

To Sir Joseph Yorke, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the States General of the United Provinces -

Thomas LordGrantham, His Majesty’s Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Catholic King ——

Frederick Robinson, esquire. Secretary to D° -

David Viscount Stormont, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the.

Mod Christian King ——

Sir William Lynch, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the King of Sardinia Jjevcis de Vifme, A. M. Minister Plenipotentiary to the Elector of Bavaria

Sir Robert Harland, Minister Plenipotentiary to India -

Horace St. Paul, esquire. Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Moil Christian King ——

Emanuel Mathias, esquire, Resident with the Hans Towns -

Robert Gunning, esquire. Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Empress of all the Russias ——

James Harris, esquire. Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Prussia -Sir Robert Murray Keith, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Emperor and Empress of Germany ——

Thomas Wrought on, esquire, Resident at the Court of Poland - -

Wm Gordon, esquire, Minister at the Court of Poland -

Charles Ixigie, esquire, Consul General to the Emperor of Morocco - -

Daniel Bomecjler, esquire, Consul at Carthagena -

James Holford, esquire, Consul at Genoa -

Sir William Hamilton, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the King of the Two Sicilies ——

James Trail, esquire, Consul at Tunis ——

Alexander Monro, esquire, Consul at Madrid -

Archibald Campbell FraJer, esquire, Consul General at Algiers -

Sir Horace Mann, Envoy Extraordinary to the Great Duke of Tuscany -

Sir John Goodricke, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Sweden - -

Robert Walpole, esquire. Envoy Extraordinary to the Most Faithful King Ralph Woodford, esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Denmark William Norton, esquire, Minister at the Sicifs Cantons - . -

James Samson, esquire, Consul General at Tetuan -Frederick Lawrence, esquire, on £. 300 a Year -

John Burnaby, esquire, on 30 s.a Day - .* - -

Vol. 36.

1

5,171 8 <5

6,471 8 6

856 — —

5*171 8 6

3*079 — —

1,184----.

1,690 — — 1

1,056 — — 1,137 *4 6

2,824-----

1,690 — —

2,674----

1*496-----

1,615-----

600----

75-----

187 10 —

2,524-----

375 -

750 -

450-----

1,690 — - — 2,609 — "

2*449 — — 1,799 *8 — i*i94 — 4-5 600 — —:

225-----

376 p* Aprilis.

To Sir James Porter, on £ 1,000 a Year - * - -

John Murray, Esquire, Ambassador at the Ottoman Charles Hotxendorf, Esquire, on £. 400 a Year

Robert Irvine, Esquire, Consul at the Ports of Newport, and Bniges, in

Flanders- .-. w.

Josiah Hardy, Esquire, Consul at Cadit - - -John Ofhorne, Efauire, Envoy Extraordinary to the Court of Dresden -

Isaac Jantineau, Esquire, Consul at Naples....

Solomon Dayrolle, Esquire, late Minister at -

Sir James Wright, Resident with the Republic of Venice -

Lewis de Vifme, Esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Sweden -

Hugh Elliot, Esquire, Minister Plenipotentiary to the Elector of Bavaria

The Representatives of Sir James Gray ——

Edward Bayntun, Esquire, Agent and Consul General at Tripoli »

Daniel Delaval, Esquire, Resident at the Court of Denmark x

Sir John Dick, Consul at Leghorn -

Jacob Beneder, Vice Consul at Sallee -

J. 1777.

£. s. d.

3°o — ' —

150-----

100-----

1*690-----

300-----

834----

M34-----

670----<

702 — —

273-----

100-----

591----

M3 3

ll5*3 —

Total of Foreign Ministers

60,838 12 3

Tees, Salaries, Pensions, and Annuities.

To the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer Frederick Lord North, Chancellor of the Exchequer -

John Shelley, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in the Tower of London, for Three Clerks -

More to him, on /.500 a Year -

Abraham Faria/ ana John Rose, Esquires; Keeper of the Records in the Court of Exchequer ----....

More, as Keeper of the Records in the Chapter House at Westminster -Robert Jennings, Esquire, for his extraordinary Services performed in the Office of the Auditor of the Exchequer -

Bartholomew Lucas, Gent, for keeping the Registers of all the Public Loans in the said Office -

The Clerks of His Majesty’s Treasury ——

Hugh Valence Jopes, Esquire, one of the Solicitors of the Treasury -Thomas Nutkall, Esquire, another ——

BenediSt Schaller, and others, for Services by them performed in the said Office John Jackson, Porter attending the Exchequer Gate -

John Earl of Tylney, Warden of the Forest of Waltham -

Henry Rooke, Chief Clerk in the Record Office in the Tower of -

John Earl of Bute, Ranger of Richmond Park - -

Peter Calvert, Esquire, Keeper of the Records relating to the forfeited Estates in England ——

Abraham Farley, Esquire, Senior Deputy Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Exchequer Robert Pigot, Esquire, Solicitor in the Court of Exchequer -

William Duke of Gloucester, Ranger of Hampton Court Park - -

More, for holding Swanimote Courts ——

The Under Keepers of Cranburne Chafe ——

Horatio Walpole, Esquire, Clerk of the foreign Estreats in the Court of Exchequer Henry Fane, Esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s private Roads William Roiolana Tryon, Messenger of the Order of the Bath -

The Representatives of Henry Folkes, Esquire, late D* - -

Henry Duke of Newcastle, Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer -Sir Edward Walpole, Clerk of the Pells ——

Nathaniel Rowe, Esquire, Clerk of the foreign Estreats in the Court of Common Pleas John Shelly, Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe - -

The Clerks of the Council ——

George Earl of Pomfret, Ranger of the House or Little Park at Windsor

Augustus Earl Berkeley, Constable of the Forest of Dean -

The Commissioners for promoting Trade of this Kingdom -

John Pownall, Esquire, Secretary to the said Commissioners - - - .

Henry Earl of Rochford, one of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State

William Earl of Dartmouth, another ——

Henry Earl of Suffolk, another - ....

Sir Charles Cotterell Dormer, Knight, Master of the Ceremonies to His Majesty

Francis Barlow, King’s Clerk in the Crown Office....

Francis Earl of Hertford, Lord Chamberlain to His Majesty’s Hon (hold -

William Earl Talbot, Lord Steward of His Majesty’s Houshold -

Thomas Duke of Leeds, Chief Justice in Eyre of all His Majesty’s Forests beyond

Trent - ....

Thomas Lord Pelham,

Sir Fletcher Norton, D*, South of Trent ——

Edward ThurUno, Esquire, Attorney General -

Alexander Wedderbum, Esquire, Solicitor General -

Sir Fletcher Norton, Speaker of the House of Commons -

1

8,000 — — 1,600-----

I5o-----

500-----

420-----

480 — — *

100-----

50 -

3,100----

200-----

1,000----

820-----

20-----

202 10 — 200 — —

51 *5’ —

j5° _ _

40-----

150-----

537 9

40 ~ --v

20-----

53 6 8

52 6 8

710-----

214 2

200 -

195 -3 4

20-----

30-----

300-----

450-----

105-----

5.250 -

862 10 —

1.387 10 —

1,850----

1.387 ro —

75-----

25 — —

2.250 -

M55----

2»675 -

874 M 5*

3,300-----

115 ro — 115 10 —

{j

17 Geo. III.

9* April

To Henry Earl of Darlington, Keeper of His Majesty’s Jewels -

Granville Leveson Earl Gower, Lord PreGdent of His Majesty’s Privy Council -

George Duke of Si. Albans, on his Annuity -

Richard Hammond, F.squire, foreign Appofer in the Court of Exchequer

George Earl of Orford, Hanger of Hyde Park -

More, for Two additional Keepers in Hyde Park Thomas Sandby, esquire, Superintendant of the Work in Windsor Great Park The Messengers of His Majesty’s Ex9hequer for Termly Bills -Samuel John Barnejley, Mell'enger of His Majesty’s Chamber -The Representatives oijohn TracyAtkyns,e(<m\re, Fifth Baron in the Court of Exchequer

John Symonds, esquire, Profellor of Modern History in the University of Cambridge -George Onslow, of Oakham, esquire. Out Ranger of Windsor Forest -George William Earl of Bristol, Groom of the Stole to His Majesty - -

Samuel Lord Masham, one of the Gentlemen of His Majesty’s Bed Chamber -William Earl of March, another -

Lord Willoughby de Broke, another -

Thomas Lord Bruce, another ——

Edward Earl of Oxford, another

George Earl of Pembroke, another -

Basil Earl of Denbigh, another -

Lord Robert Bertie, another -

George Earl of Orford, another -

John Duke of Roxburgh, another ——

Frederick Lord Viscount Boling broke, another -

George Earl of Pomfret, another -

George Buffiry Earl of Jersey, another -

John Lord Viscount fiinchingbrooke. Vice Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houshold -John Augustus Ilervey, esquire, one of the Grooms of His Majesty’s Bted Chamber -Charles Hot ham, esquire, another -

Sir James Wright, another ——

John Moflyn, esquire, another -

John Mordaunt, esquire, another ——

Sir James Peachey, another - -

Henry Wallop, esquire, another ——

William Harcourt, esquire, another ——

Henry Vernon, esquire, another -

Sir George Osborne, another ——

Thomas De Grey, J unior, esquire, another ——

Henry S' John, esquire, another -

Peter Burrell, esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Lands -

Edmund Bishop of Chrster, for Four Preachers -

Thomas Ramsden, esquire. His Majesty’s Latin Secretary -Richard Watson, Professor of Chymistry in the University of Cambridge -Thomas Dring and John Pickell, Keepers of the Council Chamber - -

The Corporation of Lyme Regis ——

Thomas Nowell, D.D. Professor of Modern History in the University of Oxford

Captain Philip Hale, one of the Grooms of His Majesty’s Bed Chamber -

Dr. Richard Dickson Lillington, Reader to the Houshold Servants at Hampton Court Edward Bibb ins, Junior, Messenger appointed to look after the Printing Prels Abraham Farley and John Borlafe, esquires, Deputy Chamberlains of His Majesty’s Exchequer ——

Anthony Shepherd, D. D. Mailer of Mechanics to His Majesty -

Clicis Ministris Secrii ——

John Lord Bishop of Sarum, Chancellor of the Order of the Garter -

John Tabor Kemp, Attorney General at New York -

The Representatives of Francis Lord Napier -

Andrew St. Clair, Junior, esquire -

George Earl of Crawford ——

Lady Mary Campbell ——

Sir Robert Menzies -

Alexander Frafer, esquire ——

John Lord Gray ——

James Coutts and Thomas Coutts -

Ann Countess of Nortfu0t ——

The Earl of Morton - - - .- -

Charles Lord Cathcart -

James Earl of Lauderdale ——

The Representatives of Alexander Earl of Galloway -

James Lord Forbes -

Daniel Earl of Leven ----- - . ....

John Lord Raey ..... - —

Thomas Dundas, esquire - - - - . - -

James Earl of Errol -

John Ley, esquire. Clerk Assistant in the House of Commons -

Henry Alder Ion, ene of the Messengers attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer -Vot 36. 5 D

377

£ s- d.

525 — —

3,000 — —

750 — —

20 — —

306 — —

67 10 —

912 10 —

208 — —

60 16 8

3 x5 7f

400 — —

300 — —

2,000 — —

1,000 — —

1,000 — —

75° — —

750 — — -

1,000 — —

1,000 — —

1,000 — —

1,000 — —

75o — —

1,000 — ——

1,000 _ —

1,000 — —

1,000 — t

600 — ___

500 — —

5°° — —

500 — —

375 — —

500 — —

500 —

375 — —

375 — —

375 — —

500 — —

500 — —

200

200 — —

200 — —

54 l5

100 — —

400 —

5°° —

40 —

60 —

40 — —

112 10 —

35 — —

57° 5 —

150 — —

2J3 3 n

150 — —

202 10 —

150 — —

3<2£ — —

300 — —

200 — —

45° — —

225 - — —

600 —

600 — —

600 _ —

567 —

150 — —

232 19 4

I$0 — — 9

3°° — —

000 — —

800 — ,

10 — To

9® Jpri

To Edzoard Harland, one of the Meflhngers attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer The Secondaries ift the 'Remembrancer’s Office The Clerks in the above Office - -

Henry Duke of Grafton, Keeper of His Majesty’s Privy Seal - -

John Pollen, Esquire, Chief Justice of Carmarthen, Xc. -

Edzoard Poor, Esquire, Second Justice of ditto -

Daines Barring!oft, Esquire, Chief Justice of Carnarvon, - -

James Hayes, Esquire, Second Justice of D° -

John Williams, Esquire," Chief Justice ol Glamorgan, <Sfc.

William Whitaker, Esquire, Second Justice of D° -

William Chelzvynd, Esquire, Examiner of all Interludes - -

Edzoard Capell, Esquire, Deputy of D° -

The Mayor of Macclesfield -

Sir Francis Molyneux, Knight, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod -

The Executors of Claudius Amyand, Keeper of His Majesty’s Libraries -

Thomas Lord Hyde, Chancellor of the Duchy of -

Neville Majkelyne, B.D: on £. 250 - - - -> - -

More for an Assistant The Officers in the Pipe Office - -

Abraham Farley;esquire, and William Hammond, Deputy Chamberlains of the

Exchequer '-

Thomas Martin, Professor of Botany in the University of Cambridge- " -Elizabeth Mojlyn, Keeper of His Majesty’s Lodgings at Hampton- Court Robert Nunn, Keeper of the outward Gate Castle -

Debentures.

To the Officers of the Receipt of Exchequer -

Hairy Lord Apjley, Chancellor of Great Britain ---- k

Horatio Walpole, esquire, Ulher of the Receipt of Exchequer, for the Watchmen Francis MaJ'eres, esquire. Fifth Baron of the Exchequer - -

Stephen Cotterell, esquire, Keeper of the Council Records -

The Clerks of the Privy Council -

John Earl of Bute, Ranger of Richmond Park -

Robert Earl of Holdemeffe, Constable of Dover Castle -

Sir Fletcher Norton, Knight, Chief Justice in Eyre on the South Side of Trent -Thomas Duke of Leeds, Chief Justice in Eyre on the North Side of Trent George Earl of Orford, Ranger of St. James's Park - - -Nicholas Bonfoy, esquire, one of His Majesty’s Serjeants at Arms -

Henry Brougham, esquire, another -

Augustus Duke of Grafton, Keeper of the Privy Seal -

William Duke of Gloucester, Ranger of Hampton Court Park -Heniy Vaughan, esquire. Keeper of His Majesty’s Lions in the Tower of London -Sir Charles Cotterell Dormer, Knight, Mailer of the Ceremonies to His Majesty ' -Stephen Cotterell, esquire, Assistant to D° - -

Claudius Amyand, esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s Libraries -

AndrcwS/one, esquire. Keeper of His Majesty’s State Papers at Whitehall -

Thomas Lord Pelham, Chief Justice in Eyre on the North Side of Trent The Minfters of the Isle of Man - - -Martha Bonfoy, Housekeeper at Newmarket - -

GeorgeDuke o(Montagu, Governor of Wrndfor Castle -

Thomas Wynne, esquire, one of the Auditors in the Court of Exchequer -

Henri/ Shelley and Michael Warden, Esquires, who aft as the other -

John Truefdale, Gent. Apothecary in Ordinary to His Majesty - -

The Fellows of Eton College -

The King’s Serjeants at Arms -

George Earl of Pomfret, Ranger of the House Park at Windsor -

Rachael Lloyd, Housekeeper at Kensington -

Richard Beresford, Matter of His Majesty’s Tennis Court -

William Aijlabie, esquire, one of the Auditors of the Imprest -

George Onjlozo, of Oakham, esquire. Out Ranger of Windsor Forest -

Charles Ambler, esquire, One of His Majesty’s Counsel at Law -Sir Anthony Thomas Abdy, Baronet, another - -

Henry Bankes, esquire, another -

James Wallace, esquire, another -

GraffyddPrice, esquire, another - - - , -

Richard Perryn, esquire, another ——

James Mansfield, esquire, another ——

Edward Bcarcroft, esquire, another ——

George LezvisNezcnham, esquire, another -

George Duke of St. Albans - '- - - - - -‘ -

Christ's Hospital ——

Thomas Major, En graver of Seals to His Majesty --

John Skynner, esquire, One of His Majesty’s Counsel at Law -

Thomas Dring, vt al. Keeper of the Council Chamber -

A. 1777.

£. s. d.

- \

18----

22 10 —

*>993 5 —

400 — —

400-----

400 — —

400 — ’ —

500 ——

400----

300 — —

15°----

25----

150 — —

50----

goo-----

187 10 —

52 10 —

69 3 4

40----

xn —

3611 — 25 —

776 — 8

5,000----

365 — —

75 *5 7i 375 — —

75o----

83 8 —

3,075 — — 166 13 4

75

672 6 3

100 7 6

100 7 6

278----

74 3 4

228 2 6

I5o-----

167 13 4

150-----

120-----

55 16 8

75 -

150 — - —

*39-----

300 — —

225-----

86 5 —

31 10 — 611 12 —

300-----

225-----

99 5 4

66 13 4

600 — r

40-----

20-----

40----

40----

40----

40----

40----

40----

40----

1,020 7 6

185 5 —

37 10 — 40-----

63 10 To

17 Geo. III.

9* April

To the Officers of the Board of Works -

Sir Harry liar raid, Keeper of New Fo -

The Corporation of Berwick - - _ - .

1>° - Dartmouth -

John Shelly, Esquire, Clerk of the Pipe -

The Judges of England -

John Moreton, Esquire, Chief Justice of Chester - -

John Skynner, Esquire, Second Justice of D* -

The Mailers in Chancery - - .

Richd Stonehewer, Esquire, Knight Harbinger to His Majesty

William Lorvndcs, Esquire, Auditor of the Land Revenues - -

Edward Thurlow, Esquire, Attorney General

Alexander Wedderburne, Esquire, Solicitor General -

Robert Foster, Esquire, Clerk of the Nichills - -

Dr. Thomas Thurlotv, B. D. Mailer of the Temple - - - - .

The King’s Heralds ——

John Sujjicld Brown, Esquire, Blanc CourfierHerald - -

Henry Ilill, Esquire, Brunjioick Herald -

The Officers of the Board of Ordnance - -

Frederick Lord North, Chancellor of the Exchequer -

h. The Churchwardens of St. Bofolph - -

D* - - - St. Michael's.....-

D° - - - St. Magnus ——

D* St. John the Baptist -

The University of Cambridge - -

George Mmtaguc, Esquire, Ranger of Saufey Forest -

Robert Vunfit tart, LL.I). ProfelTor of Law in the University of Oxford

Refer Burrell, Esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Lands - " -

Henry Earl of Suffolk, one of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State

William Earl of Dartmouth, another -

William Henry Earl of Rochford, another -

Thomas Ramsden, Esquire, His Majesty’s Latin Secretary - -

James Lord Tyrawley, on his Annuity -

Solomon Dayrolle, Esquire, Mailer of the Revels -

John Pitt, Esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods -

Tl ie Dean and Chapter of Westminster -

John Hatfell, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons -

Russell Plumtree, M. D. Reader of Physic in the University of Oxford The University of Oxford -

The Mailers of Southwell School -

Michael Crane and John-Allen, Apothecaries to His Majesty - -

Dr Richd Ridlington, Reader of Civil Law in the University of Cambridge

The Mailers anji Fellows of Emanuel College -

Sir John Eardly Wilmot, on his Annuity -

Lovel Stanhope, Esquire, on his Pension -

Guy Cullum, Esquire, Gloucester King of Arms - -

Sir Thomas Parker, on his Annuity -

Henry Fane, Esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s private Roads -

Horace Walpole, Esquire, Ulher of the Exchequer -

Sir Rick1 Sutton, on his Annuity - - - - .-

Richd Heron, Esquire, King’s Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer -

William Whitaker, Esquire, His Majesty’s Prime Serjeant -

James Marriott, LL. D. His Majesty’s Advocate General - -

Horace Walpole, Esquire, Clerk of the foreign Estreats in the Court of Exchequ

Ann Blackerby, Housekeeper of the House of Lords -

The Vicars of Litchfield ——

The Dean and Chapter of D° ——

Dr. Zachaiy Brook, Reader of Divinity, in the University of Cambridge -

Samuel Halifax, Reader of Law in the University of Cambridge -

Thomas Chapman, one of the Secondaries in the King’s Remembrancer’s Office

John Tracey Atkyns, late one of the Fifth Barons in the Court of Exchequer -

Samuel Lord Masham, Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer -

Bounties.

To Dr. Samuel Stennett, as His Majesty’s Free Gift and Royal Bounty -Barthcipmciv Pisano - - - D* - -

The Poor of the Parish of St. Martin's in the Fields -

The Corporation of Lyme Regis -

Richard Shadwell, Esquire, for the Relief of certain French Protestants -sir Stephen Theodore Jansen, Chamberlain of the City of London, for the Poor of the said City

379

- £ s-

123 18 5

375

75

40

23 12 1

21,411 5 91

730 — ~

L193 3 lh

1,160 1 —

" 195 16 8

100

- 81 6 8

70 — —

~ 20

37 6 8

- 420

- 26 13 4

26 13 4

& 403 14 8|-

- 200 —

7

12 4 —

21 48

7 13 4

20 — —

- 20 *

- 30

- 800

115 6 —

- 100 — — -

- 80

- 416 9 iof

- 15

- 100

30

- 10

- 30

10 — —

- 106 13 4

- 1613 4

2,400 — —

423

- 40

2,400

- 31 8 —

- 6 13 4

423

- 128 4 2

- 41 6 10

- 20

- 43 6 8

926 I £

IO —

- 13 6 8

- 40 — —

- 26 13 4

- 55 3 4*

" 27 18 8

- 137,704 12 4$

Benjamin Faugh an, Esquire, Free Gift and Royal Bounty

Vol. 36.

2>55°----

546-----

500-----

100-----

500-----

1,000----

800----

9® Apri

A-iriT

To Benjamin Blackburn towards defraying his Passage to the Bermuda Islands - 20 i

James Nichols - D* - Connecticut - - - 20

Hamilton Bell - D* - Maryland - - - 20

Samuel Parker - - D* New-England to to - 20

George Mitchell - D» - Maryland - 20

John Vandrill D® New York - 20 ~

Thomas HaU - iy to Virginia - - 20

John Bowden - i> New York - - 20

William Duncan m D* - Maryland - 20 —

Robert Shaw m D® - Musquito Bay - - 20

Benjamin Moore m D* - New York '- - - 20 —

Isaac Mann m D° Dominica - - 20

Sydenham Thorn m D® - Penjylvania - - 20

James Sayer - D® - New York - - 20

Hezekiah Ford - D® - North Carolina - 20

Thomas Harrison - D® *- Maryland - - 20 - —

William Hanson Harrison - D® - D® - - 20

Emanuel Jones - m - D® - Virginia - m 20

Total of Bounties

Band of Pensioners.

To Philip Cade, esquire, Paymaster of the Band of Gentlemen Pensioners -

Secret Service.

To John Robinson, eftjuire, for His Majesty’s Secret Service -

William Henry Lari of Rockford, one of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State -

Henry Earl of Suffolk, another -

William Earl of Dartmouth, another ——

Grey Cooper, esquire - -' -

Anthony Todd, esquire ——

Total of Secret Service

Presents to Foreign Ministers.

To Sir Charles Cotterell Dormer, Knight, as a Present from His Majesty to Count de Senarnqfis Envoy Extraordinary from the King of Sardinia -More to him, as a Present to Abrahim Ago, Ambassador from Tripoli, and his Attendants ——

More to him, as a Present to Tier Tenis, Ambassador from the Emperor of Morocco, and to his Attendants -

Total of Presents to Foreign Ministers King’s Goldsmish.

To Thomas Homing -

Privy Pnrfe.

To James Brudcncll, esquire ——

Contingences of divers Natures.

To William Pollock, Gent, for His Majesty’s special Service - -

Thomas Sandby, esquire. Superintendent of the Works in Great Park, for

Incidents ——

George Forbes, esquire, for His Majesty’s special Service -Richard Shadwell, esquire, for His Majesty’s (pedal Service -John Elly, for watering the Road leading to Palace - - .

Thomas Pratt, esquire, to pay Bills of Exchange - -

More, to reimburse Expences ——

Edward le Grand, esquire, for His Majesty’s special Service - -

The Representatives of Samuel W, right, for the Rent of an House -

John Walker, Oneof the Mefifengers of the Treasury, for.Travelling Charges -Thomas Harr if on, another ——

William Ross, another ——

Thomas Gibbons, another.

Thomas Alderton, One of the Messengers attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer, for Travelling Charges

— — another -

Robert Earl of Holdernesse, for Incidents incurred on account of his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales ——

More for the like Service, on account of Prince William Henry and Prince Edward Charles Eyre and William Strahan, for printing Acts of Parliament, Sc. -

Mark Bqfket, for Stationery Wares, SCc. delivered to sundry Persons

John Robinson, esquire, for His Majesty’s special Service -

John Ellis, Gent. Under Sheriff of Sqffex, for Conviction nf Felons - -

Thomas Hull, esquire, D* Devon, for D* -

6>356 — —

6,000 — —

25,000 — —

3,000 — —

3,oooo — —

3,oooo —

21,000 — —

7’993 7 6

62,993 7 6

545 19

471 7 —

1,030 — —

2,047 e —

1,180 7 4

48,000 — —

374 3 —

4»756 3 5i

62 7 3

1,601 6 6

65 — —

1,244 *9 —

12,200 — —

316 18 6

205 7 —

I25 — —

246 5 —

404 2 6

283 10 ——

44 — —

2,629 2 9

833 19

8,386 5 2

2,646 18 - 6

j9 8*

160 -

To

17 Geo. III.

9’ Aprilis. 381

f. s. d.

John Dorrien, esquire. Under Sheriff of Hertford, for Conviction of Felons 180 — —

William Shalcross Mafu esquire, D® Leicester, for D® - 60 — —

Samuel Lyon, Gent. Under D® Lincoln, for D® - 20 — - —

John Hugh Smith, esquire, D® Somerset, for D* m 50

John Reynolds, - - Under D® London, for D® - 2,030

Edward Lloyd, esquire. D® Denbigh, for D® - IO —

Sir Charles Cope - D® Cambridge, for D® - 30

Richard Dickenson, D® Stafford, for D® - 80

Wilson, esquire. D® Chester, for D® IO

John Chandler, - Under D® Surrey, for D® 600

John Stanton, Gent. - D® D® Warwick, for D® - 200 '

Geoffry Hamby, esquire, D® Lancaster, for D* - 120

Henry Wyatt, esquire. D® Oxford, for D® 240

Edward Tyrrell, esquire. D® Siffolk, for D® m 70 —

Thomas Gregory, - D® Kent, for D® to 90

James Roberts and Meredith Price D® London, for D® 300

Willm Tyrrell, - - Under D® Berks, for D® 160

Edward Clerk D® D® Oxford, for D® 70

James Rudman, esquire D® Newcastle, for D® - 40

John Ellis, Gent. - D® D® Suffer, for D® - 120

Thomas Harr if on, - D* D® Fffex, for D® p. 200

John Crawley, esquire. D® Bedford, for D® - 70

William MinjhuU, Gent. D® Bucks, for D® - 140

Thomas Lobb Chute, esquire. D® Norfolk, for D® l6o

William Oakley, Gent. D* D® Salop, for D® 60

John Pocklington, Gent. D® D® Nottingham, for D® - 30

John Collingjhaw, et al. D® - D® for D® - 40

Moulton Me (liter, Gent. Under Sheriff of Somerset, for Conviction of Felons 170

John Lyne, esquire. D® Devon, for D* - 210

William Tyrrell, Gent. D® D® Berks, for D® - 80

Edward Clark, esquire. D® Oxford, for D® - 80

Andrew Pope, et al. D® Bristol, for D® - 120

John Dickson, esquire, - D® Cumberland, for D® - 20

William Nat hers. D® Worcester, for D® - 80

William Bird, - D® Hereford, for D* - 100

John Craxoley,- D® Bedford, for D® - 6o

William Dearjley, D® Essex, for D® - 220

John Ellis, - D® Sussex, for D® - 80

William Yealder, D® Newcastle, for D® - - 40

William Menshall, D® Bucks, for D® - 40

William Leach, - D® Chester, for D® - 40

Owen Wynne, esquire, - D® Flint, for D® - 40

John Dorrien, esquire. Sheriff of Hertford, for an Overpayment - - 24 11 — %

Edward Poor, esquire, D° Wilts, for D® - - 229 18 10

John Palmer, D* Rutland for D® - - x7 l9 3

John Key D® Lincoln, for D® - - 7 io 9

William Harris, - D* Cornwall, for D® - - 33 3 6

William Lowes - - D® Northumberland, for D® - 17 — 6

John Trifir am, - - D* Worctfier, for D® - - 45 7 6

Rick1 Reading, D° Bucks, for D® - - 4 *6 7

Jeremiah Cruchley, - D® D® for D® - - 16 3 7I

Richard Oliver, esquire D® London, for D® - 900 8 0

Kemble Whately, esquire, D" Suffer, for D® - 15 — 6

Henry Comish Hendley, D* Dorset, for D® - - 35 3

Sir Henry Mainwar D® Chester, for D® *® - 94 m 3

Joseph Pynke, esquire, D® Gbucester, for D* - - 14 19 —

Edward Hafe, esquire, D® Norfolk, for D® - 41 6 5

Robert Dodd, esquire, D® Salop, for D® - - 89 — si

Richard Peete, et al. Under Sheriffs of Norwich, for D® - - 43 7 —

Wm Grove, esquire. Sheriff of Warwick, 1 19 -3

Wm Horwood, esquire, D® Bedford, for D® - - - 22 — 11

Sackville Earl of D® Westmoreland, for D® - - 20 1 5

Uvedale Price, esquire, D® Hereford, for D® - - 58 4 2

The Governor and Company of Chelsea Water-Works, for supplying the Treasury

with Water - 52 14 — 4

Peter Roberts, esquire. Remembrancer of the City of London, for a Bill of Impolls

upon Wines 96 12 —

Sir Joseph Ayloffe, and others, for sorting Records, Xc. - - - 1,000

Jeremy Sneyd, esquire, for His Majesty’s special Service - - 2,474 16 —

Sir John Fielding, for Dinners for the Ma« ill rates of Westmin - - 120

John Lord Viscount Bateman, Mailer of His Majesty’s Buck Hounds, for his Equipage 700

Richard Rutfon, Esquire, Chief Bailiff of the Tower of London, for a BUI of Disbursements - 278 9 6k

John Coverly, esquire, late D® 55 5 9

Thomas Dring, for the under Clerks of the Privy Council - m 300 < — —

Vol. 36. i 5 E To

ra. r

382

9°

To Horatio Walpole, esquire, Usher of the Receipt of Exchequer, for Neeeflkries -John Walker, esquire, Usher of the Court of Exchequer for D" -John Pmvnall, esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners of Trade, for incidental Expences Cachet Jouveneel, Esquire, to reimburse Expences -

More to pay Bills of Exchange - -

- Thomas Nuthall, esquire,- for Law Charges -

John Pozvnall, esquire, for His Majesty’s special Service - -

The Officers in the Tally Court, for levying Tallies - -

Richard Stevenson, one of the Mefl’engers of the Court of Exchequer -Samuel Wilkinfm, another - - - 1 - -

William Effington, another - - - - .-

Zachary Taylor, another - - - - .-

Henry Ballot0,another - -

Devereur Davis, another, - -

Robert Allen, Gent, for His Majesty’s special Service - -

Sir Charles Cotter ell Dormer, for His Majesty’s special Service ‘ - -

John Hat fell, esquire, for Printing and other Works for the Sendee of the House of Commons, ——

Hie Clerks of the House of Commons - -

Robert Nunn, for catching and carting Deer -

Rich* Jephfon, esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Peers, for his Attendance upon the fetid House - -

The Clerks of the House of Peers ——

Nicholas Bonfoy, Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Commons, for Necellaries - - - - -. -

The Messengers of the Treasury, for circulating Land Tax Acts of Parliament Hans Stanley, Esquire, Governor of the Isle of Wight, for a Bill of Surplusage -Arthur Vansittart, Esquire, for the Rent of Mote Park - -

Sir Fletcher Norton, Speaker of the House of Commons, for his Equipage Henry Rooke, for incident Expences in the Record Office in the Tower of London -Jeremy Sneyd, Esquire, for the Rent of a House -

Robert Earl of Orford, Ranger of Hyde Park, for watering the Ring -

Total of Contingences 1

Royal Family -

Foreign Ministers -

Fees, Salaries, Pensions, and Annuities

Bounties -

Band of Pensioners -

Secret Service - -

Presents to Foreign Ministers -

King’s Goldsmith -

Contingences -

Privy Purse -

Total - £.

4 1 IT].

9,161 0. I L 4

1,096 9 11

10 6

1,386 7 6

44i 4 6

9,000 — —

1»5I4 6 4

39 6 —

128 — - —

128 — —

66 4

4

66 13 4

44 — . —

129 —

218 8 . —

421 1 —

870 — —

120 18 6

82 — 1 - —

400 — —

629 7 . —

688 — —

337 11

323 9 . —

1,000 — —

97 5 6

311 5 —

zoo — —

87,024 14 6i

67,461 10

60,838 12 3

i37>7°4 12 4*

6,356 — —

6,000 — - —

62,993 7 6

2,047 6 1 —

1,180 7 4

87,024

48,000 ~ —

479,606 9 l[i

An ACCOUNT of all Monies which have been issued and paid at the Receipt of Exchequer, to any Person or Persons, on account of the Privy Purse, Secret Service, Pensions, Bounties, Contingences or any Sum or Sums of Money, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, without Account, from the 5th Day of January 1775 to the 5th Day of January 1776.

Royal Family. To Her Majesty Queen Charlotte - -- -His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland ----- Robert Earl of Holdemejfe, Governor to His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales Mere to him for the Use of Prince W" Henry and Prince Edward - £. s. d. 50,000 9,000 7,346 10 — 1,115

Total of the Royal Family. £. 67,461 10 —

' Foreign

i7 Geo. III. . 90

Foreign Ministers.

To Sir Joseph Yorke, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the States General of the United Provinces -

Thomas Lord Grantham, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the

Catholic King....

Thomas Robivfbn, esquire, Secretary to D° - -

David Viscount Stormont, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Molt Christian King ——

Sir John Goodricke-, late Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the King of Sweden

Sir Horace Mann, Envoy Extraordinary to the Great Duke rl*fc any -

Robert Walpole, esquire, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Most Faithful King -

Emanuel Mathias, esquire. Agent with the Ham Towns -

Robert Murray Keith, esquire. Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Emperor and Empress Queen of Germany -

Edward Bayntun, esquire, Agent and Gonful General at Tripoli - -

W"‘ Gordon, esquire, llis Majesty’s Minister at the Court of -

J(f Harris, esquire. Envoy Extraordinary to the King of - -

John Osborn, esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the Court of Dresden -

Sir Wm Lynch, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the King of Sardinia -Th(f Wroughton, esquire, Resident with the Court of Poland- -

John Murray, esquire, Ambassador at the Ottoman Porte -

Chat Logie, Conlul General to the Emperor of Morocco -

Sir Robert Harland, Minister Plenipotentiary to India -

Horace S' Paul, esquire. Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Most Christian King - -

Lewis de Vifme, esquire, late Minister Plenipotentiary to the Elector of Bavaria

More as Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Sweden -James Samson, esquire, Confu! General at Tetuan -

Sir Robert Gunning, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Empress of all the RuJJias ——

Daniel Bomeester, esquire, Consul at Carthagena -

Sir James Porter, on his Allowance -

Frederick Lawrence, esquire, on D* -John Burnaby, esquire, on D° -

The Kepresentatives of D* -

Solomon Dayrolle, esquire, late Minister at the Court of Brussels - -

James Holjord, esquire, Consul at Genoa ——

Charles Holzendorjf, el’quire, on his Allowance -

Isaac Jamineau, esquire, Consul at Naples -

Wm Preston, Clerk, late Charge des Affairs at Naples -

Willm Norton, esquire, Minister at the Sic ifs Cantons -

Sir WM Hamilton, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the King of the

Two Sicilies - ....

James Trail, esquire, Consul at Tunis -

Archibald Campbell Frafer, esquire, Consul General at Algiers - -

Robert Irvine, esquire, Consul at the Ports of Of end, Newport, and Bruges in Flanders

Ralph Woodford, esquire, late Envoy to the King of Denmark -

More to him, on £. 800 a Year ——

Josiah Hardy, esquire, Consul at Cadiz -

Alexander Munro, esquire, Consul at Madrid -

John Strange, esquire, Resident with the Republic of Venice -

Hugh Elliot, esquire, Minister Plenipotentiary ..to the Elector of Bavaria Charles Fullman, esquire, Charge des Affairs at the Court of Sweden -

James Bruce, esquire, late Consul at Algiers -

Daniel Delaval, esquire, Resident with the Court of Denmark -

Sir John Dick, Bart, Consul at Leghorn -

Robert Ainfey, esquire, Ambassador at the Ottoman Porte -Herman Katenkamp, esquire, Consul at Galatia - -

John Peter, Consul at Of end, Newport, and Bruges in Flanders - -

Sir John Stepney, Bart. Envoy Extraordinary to the Court of Dresden -

Total of Foreign Ministers £.

Fees, Salaries, Pensions, a n Annuities.

To the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer Frederick Lord North, Chancellor of the Exchequer John Shelly, esquire, Keeper of the Records in the Tower of London, for Three Clerks More, to h:m on £.500 a Year Abraham Farley and George Rcfe, esquires. Keepers of the Records in the Court of Exchequer -

More, as Keepers of D#, in the Chapter House at Robert Jennings, esquire, for his extraordinary Services performed in the Office of the Auditor of the Exchequer -Bartholomew Lucas, Gent, for keeping the Registers of all the Public Loans in the said Office....

The Clerks of llis Majesty’s Treasury -

Vol. 36.

383

£- s. d.

8,457 2 8

9*957 2 8

1,404 —

9,182 2 8

95° —

3>32° 1

3>9°9 8 —

I>771 4 6

4,851 .

975 — —

5 ' —

2,760 — —

2,760 —

5>243 IO —

3>510 —

J,095 — - —

1,000 _

2,760 — —

1,654 — - —

244 IO —

1,822 2 —

1,000 — —

5»336 — - —

I25 — —

1,250 — — .

375 — —

130 IO —

484 IO — .

I,356 — —

312 IO —

500 — —

500 — —

375 — —

1,956 — —

4,116 — — .

625 — —

L979 12 6

150 —

1,640

400

2 50 -

1,250-----

1 >595 -

1,262 10 —

250----

1,617 10 5

461 -

i47 3 6

345 -

119 16 10

100----

1,245-----

101

io£

8,000----

1,600----

150----

500 -

420----

480----

100----

50-----

3,100-----

To

384

9° jlprilis.

To Hugh Valence Jones, one of the Solicitors of the Treasury - - ’ '

The Representatives of Thomas Nut hall, late another

Benedict Schaller, and others, for Services by them performed in the said Office

John Jackson, Porter, attending the Exchequer Gate - -

John Earl of Tylney, Warden of the Forest of Waltham -

Thomas AJlell ', Chief Clerk in the Record Office in the Tower -

Henry Rooke, Chief Clerk in the Record Office in the Tower of London -

The Representatives of D° - - - - *

John Earl of Bute, Ranger of Richmond Park -

Refer Calvert, esquire. Keeper of the Records relating to the forfeited Estates in England ....

Abraham Farley, esquire. Senior Deputy Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Exchequer-Robert Pigot, esquire. Solicitor in the Court of Exchequer -

Wm Duke of Gloacester, Ranger of Windsor Forest -

More, for holding SwanimoteCourts -

The Under Keepers of Cranburn Chafe -

Horatio Walpole, esquire, Clerk of the foreign Estreats in the Court of Exchequer -Augufius Henry Duke of Grafton, Keeper of His Majesty’s Privy Seal -Wm Rowland Tryon, Messenger of the Order of the Bath - .

Henry Duke of Nezccastle, Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer -Sir Edward Walpole, Clerk of the Pells -

Nathaniel Rowe, esquire, Clerk of the foreign Estreats in the Court of Common Pleas John Shelly, esquire. Clerk of the Pipe -

The Officers in the said Office -

The Clerks of the Council ——

Peter Burrell, esquire, Surveyor of His Majesty’s Lands -

George Earl of Pomfret, Ranger of the House or Little Park at Windsor -

Augufius Earl Berkeley, Constable of the Forest of Dean ....

The Commissioners for promoting the Trade of this Kingdom -

John Pownall, esquire. Secretary to the said Commissioners.

Henry Earl of Dartmouth, one of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State -Henry Earl o{ Rochford, another ——

Henry Earl of Suffolk, another -

Sir Charles Cotterell Dormer, Knight, Master of the Ceremonies to His Majesty Francis Barlow, King’s Clerk in the Crown Office -

Francis Earl of Hertford, Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houshold William Earl Talbot, Lord Steward of His Majesty’s Houshold ..

Thomas Lord Pelham, Chief Justice in Eyre of all His Majesty’s Forests beyond Trent Sir Fletcher Norton, D® South of Trent ——

Edward Thurlow, esquire. Attorney General -

Alexander Wedderburne, esquire. Solicitor General ....

Sir Fletcher Norton, Speaker of the House of Commons

Henry Earl of Darlington, Keeper of His Majesty’s Jewels -

Thomas Duke of Leeds, late Chief Justice in Eyre of all His Majesty’s Forests beyond

Trent . ....

Granville Levifon Earl Gower, Lord President of His Majesty’s Privy Council -George Duke of St. Albans, on his Annuity -

Richard Hammond, esquire. Foreign Appofer in the Court of Exchequer -

George Earl of Oxford, Ranger of Hyde Park -

More, for Two additional Keepers in St. James's Park- -Thomas Sandby, esquire, Superintendant of the Works in Windsor Great Park -The Messengers of His Majesty’s Exchequer for Termly Bills -

Samuel John Bamefiy, Messenger of His Majesty’s Chamber - -

Francis Maferes, esquire, Fifth Baron in the Court of Exchequer - -

John Symonds, esquire, Professor of Modern Hiliory in the University of Cambridge -George Onslow, of Oakham, esquire. Out Ranger of Windsor Forest -

George William Earl of Bristol, Groom of the Stole to His Majesty -Samuel Lord Masham, one of the Gentlemen of His Majesty’s Bed Chamber -William Earl of March, another -

Lord Willoughby de Broke, another ——

'Thomas Lord Bruce, another -

Edward Earl of Oxford, another -

George Earl of Pembroke, another.

Basil Earl of Denbigh, another -

Lord Robert Bertie, another -

George Earl of Oxford, another -

John Duke of Roxburgh, another -

Frederick Lord Viscount Bolingbroke, another - -

George Earl of Pomfret, another ——

George Buffey Earl of Jersey, another ——

John Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook, Vice Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houshold -John Augufius Hervey, esquire, one of the Grooms of His Majesty’s BedChamber Charles Hotham, esquire, another -

Sir James Wright, another ——

John Mofiyn, esquire, another -

A- 1777-

£ s.

200 — *

419 8 IO

820 — —

20 — —

27O — —

112 4 5

5° — —

37 4 5

86 5

zoo — —

40 — —

150 —

537 9 ni

40 — —

20 — —

53 6 8

2.635 — —

460 17 4*

200 — —

*95 8 4

20 — —

60 —

60 — —

5°o — —

200 — —

750 — —

210 — —

7,000 — —

1,150 — —

2,312 10 —

2,312 10 —

2,312 10 — *

100 — —

50 — —

5,000 j — - —

i,54o — —

1,566 13 4

3,3°° — —

1 *5 10 —

*5 10 —

1,500 — —

00 — —

*,575 5 6f

4,000 - — —

1,25° — —

40 — - —

500 — —

112 10 —

' 547 10 -

208 — —

60 16 8

182 l7 iof

400 — —

3°° — —

2,000 — —

1,000 — —

1,000 — —

1,250 — —

1,250 — —

1,000 — —

1,000 — —

1,000 —

1,000 — —

1,250 — —

1,000 — —

1,000 -T — —

1,000 — —

i,doo —

600 — —

500

5°o

500

625 To

17 Geo. III.

of Apr ills.

To John Mor daunt, esquire, one of the Grooms of His Majesty's Bedchamber -Sir James Peachy, another - ’

William Harcourt, esquire, another - - -

lie my Vernon, esquire, another *

Sir George OJbome, another - -

Thomas De Grey, Junior, esquire, another *-----

Henry St. John, esquire, another.....- -

Captain Philip Hales, another* -

Edmund Bishop of Chester, for Four Preachers -

Thomas Ramsden, esquire, His Majesty’s Latin Secretary *

Thomas Dring and John Picket, Keepers of the Council Chamber -

The Corporation of Lyme Regis -

Thomas Nowell, D. D. Profeuor of Modern History in the University of Oxford Edward Bibbins, Junior, Messenger appointed to look after the Printing Press Abraham Farley and W* Hammond, esquires. Deputy Chamberlains of his Majesty’s

Exchequer - ....

Anthony Shepherd, D. D. Master of Mechanic to His Majesty -

Clicis Si Minifir is Secarii - -

John Lord Bishop of Sariim, Chancellor of the Order of the Garter -

John Tabor Kemp, Attorney General at Nero York - -

Andrew St. Clair, Junior, esquire George Earl of Crawford -Lady Mary Campbell

Sir Robert Menzies------

Alexander Frafer, esquire ——

John Lord Grey -

James Coutls and Thomas Coutts -

Ann Countess of Northejk - - - - .

The Representatives of the late Earl of Moretort - - - . - - *

Charles Lord Cathcart ——

James Earl of Lauderdale ——

Jantes Lord Forbes ——

John Earl of Gallotoay ——

Hugh Lord Raey - , -

Thomas Dundas, esquire ——

David Earl of Leven -

James Earl of Erroll -

John Ley, esquire. Clerk Assistant in the House of Commons -

Thomas Alderlon, One of the Messengers attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer

Charles Bellingham, another -

Dr. Richard Dickson Lyllington, Reader and Preacher at Hampton Court

Henry Fane, esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s Private Roads -

John Pollen, esquire. Chief Justice of Carmarthen, <kc. - -

Edward Poor, esquire. Second Justice of D® -

Daines Barrington, esquire. Chief Justice of Carnarvon -

James Hayes, esquire. Second Justice of D® -

John Williams, esquire, Chief Justice of Glamorgan, SCc.

William Whitaker, esquire. Second Justice of D® -

Wttliam Chetwynd, esquire, Examiner of all Interludes -Edward Capeil, esquire, Deputy of D* -

The Mayor of Macclesfield ——

Nevil Majkelyne, A. M. ——

Sir Francis Molyneux, Knight, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod -

Claudius A my and, Keeper of His Majesty’s Libraries -

Thomas Lord Hyde, Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster -

Thomas Martin, Professor of Botany in the University of Cambridge -

Thomas Hutchinson, esquire, on his Allowance -Robert Nunn, Keeper of the Outward Gate of Windsor Castle -

Debentures.

The Officers of the Receipt of Exchequer -

Henry Lord Apjly, Chancellor of Great Britain -

Horatio Walpole, esquire, Ulher of the Receipt of Exchequer, for the Watchmen To him more on his Fee as Usher aforesaid -FYancis Mafceres, esquire, Fifth Baron of the Exchequer -

Stephen Cottcrell, esquire, Keeper of the Council Records -The Clerks of the Privy Council

John Earl of Bute, Ranger of Richmond Park - - - - *

Robert Earl of Holdemejfe, Constable of Dover Callle -

Sir Fletcher Norton, Knight, Chief Justice in Eyre on the North Side of Trent -Thomas Lord Pelham, Chief Justice in Eyre on the North Side of Trent

Thomas Duke of Leeds, late D® ——

George Earl of Orford, Ranger of St. James's Park -

Nicholas Bonfoy, esquire, one of His Majesty’s Serjeants at Anns - -

Henry Brougham, esquire, another ——

Henry Vaughan, esquire, Keeper of the Lions in the Tower of London -

Vol. 36. 5 F

385

I. s.

COO-----

500-----

coo-----

500-----

500-----

500-----

loo-----

200 -

91 5 —

100-----

400-----

60-----

80-----

187 IO — V

35 -

570 5 —

75-----

250----

437 10 ~ 187 10 — 500-----

COO-----

250-----

750----

375 -

9°91 5i

1.500 ——

1,000 -

250-----

1,032 19 9$

250 -

500-----

1.000 -

1.000 — — -600 — — >

36 10 — 36 10 —

40-----

60 18

qoo-----

400 — -i-

400---- —

400-----

400 — — > 400 — — coo — — 250 — — 50----

320----

250-----

- 73 15 i*

1.500 — —

100----

769 4 7£

45-----

792 18 II jr

5,000 -

365-----

6 13 4 81 13 4

625-----

1,250-----

i35 12 ~

4,100-----

166 13 4

xoo-----

44 3

1,113 8

100 7

100 7

167 10

4

9

6

6

To

386

9° Aprilis.

To William Duke of Gloucester, Ranger of Hampton Court Park -

Ifennj Duke of Grafton, Keeper of His Majesty’s Privy Seal -

Sir Charles Cottercll Dormer, Knight, Master of the Ceremonies to His Majesty

Stephen CottercU, esquire, Assistant to D° -

Claudius Amy and, esquire, late Keeper of His Majesty’s Libraries -

The Governors of the Brit if)I Museum, as Keepers of D°

Andrew' Stone, esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s State Papers at Whitehall Sir Stanier Porter, present Keeper of D°

The Ministers of the Iste of Man.

Martha Bonfoy, Housekeeper at Newmarket ....

George Duke of Montague, Governor of - -

Thomas Wynne, esquire, one of the Auditors in the Court of Exchequer J/enry Shelley and Michael Warden, esquires, who act as the other *

John TrueJ'dale, Gent. Apothecary in Ordinary to His Majesty -The Fellows of Eton College - -

The King’s Serjeants at Arms ——

George Earl of Pouf ret, Ranger of the House Park at Windsor -Rachael Lloyd, 1 loufekeeper at Kenfinglon - -

Richard Beresford, Master of His Majesty’s Tennis Court *

WMAijlabie, esquire, Ope of the Auditors of the Imprest -

Samuel Lord Sondes, the other ——

George Onslow, of Oakham, esquire, Out-Ranger of Windsor Forest Charles Ambler, esquire, one of His Majesty’s Council at Law -James Mansfield, esquire,. another -

Sir Anthony Thomas Abdy, Baronet, another -

Edward Bearcroft, esquire, another -

Henry Bankes, esquire, another - ....

James Wallace, esquire, another- -

John Skitmer, esquire, another ——

Grayffydd Price, esquire, another -....

Richard Perryn, esquire, another -

George Leiois Nervnham, esquire, another -

George Duke of St. Albans, Master of His Majesty’s Hawks -Chriffs Hospital -

Thomas Duke of Leeds, on his Annuity -

Thomas Major, Engraver of Seals toHis Majesty - .

Thomas Dring, et al. Keeper of the Council Chamber -The Officers of the Board of Works -

Sir Harry Burrard, Keeper of New Forest - -....

The Corporation of Berwick ——

John Shelley, esquire. Clerk of the Pipe -

The Judges of England ....

John Moreton, esquire. Chief Justice of Chester ....

John Skynner, esquire. Second Justice of D® -The Masters in Chancery - -

Richard Stonehevoer, esquire, Knight Harbinger to His Majesty -

Wm Lowndes, esquire, late Auditor of the Land Revenues -

James West, esquire, present Auditor -

Edward Thurlmo, esquire. Attorney General -

Alexander Wedderbume, esquire. Solicitor ....

Robert Fofter, esquire. Clerk of the Nichills -....

Thomas Thurlow, B. D. Master of the Temple -

The King’s Heralds - -

John Suffield Broion, esquire, Blanc Courfin Herald -

Henry Hill, esquire. Brunswick Herald ....

The Officers of the Board of Ordnance - -

Frederick Lord North, Chancellor of the Exchequer -

The Churchwardens of St.Botolph Aldgate....

' D° - St. MichaeUs Comhill ....

D* - St. Magnus ....

D° - St.John the Baptist The Master and Fellows of Emanuel College ....

The University of Cambridge ....

GeorgeAftf/i/tfgwe, esquire. Ranger of Saufey Forest -

Samuel Lord Masham, Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer -Robert Vanfiltart, LL. D. Professor of Law in the University of Oxford -Peter Burrell, esquire. Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Lands -

Henry, Earl of Suffolk, One of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State Wm Earl of Dartmouth, another -

Wm Henry Earl of Rochford, another ——

Thomas RamJ'den, esquire, His Majesty’s Latin Secretary -

Thomas Guy Outturn, esquire, Gloucester King of Arms....

Solomon Dayrolle, esquire, Master of the Revels - - - - .

The Heirs oif Colonel Fairfax ....

The Heirs of Yeates ....

John Pitt, esquire. Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods -

A. 1777.

£. s. d.

74 3 4

365-----

200 -

221 13 4

97

»53 6 8 30 lb I

167 16 3!

I25 — - — *

200 — — .

22 6 —

5°° — — 41

375 — —

M3 *5 —

42 — — *

994 8 —

500 — —

375 —

132 3 4

66 13 4

66 *3 4

600

40 — —

40 — —

40 4 4t

40 — —

40 — ——

40 — —

40 — —

40 — —

40 — —

40 — - —

L715 12 6

37° 10 —

2,^33 6 8

62 10 —

JI3 — —

249 7 4

5°° — —

100 — —

47 4 2

1,496 8 6*

730 — —

500 — —

1,100 — —

J95 16 8

66 8 9

58 6 8

81 6 8

70 — —

20 — —

18 13 4

420 — —

26 *3 4

26 13 4

428 11 8

200 — —

7-----

12 4 —

21 4 8

7 13 4

16 13 4

20 — —

60 — r —

83 l6 —

50 r

800 — —

100 —

100 — —

100 —

80 —

40 —

10 —

100 — —

375 — —

3UO — —

To

iy Geo. III.

9° Aprit

To the Dean and Chapter of Westminster -....

John Hatfell, esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons - -

Ritfii-llPlumb tree, M. D. Reader of Physic in the University of Oxford The University of Oxford

The Mailers of Southwell School -

Horace Walpole, esquire. Clerk of the Foreign Estreats in the Court of Exchequer -Michael Crone and John Allen, Apothecaries to His Majesty -

Thomas Coicper, Vicarof the Tower -.....-

Ann Blackerby, 1 Ioufekeeper of the House of Lords - - - - .

Dr Samuel Halifax, Reader of Civil Law in the University of Cambridge -

I)r. Zachary Brooke, Reader of Divinity in the University of Cambridge -

jym v

ivian, Reader of Physic in the University of Oxford - . - -

Sir John Eardley Wilmot, on his Annuity -

George Perrott, esquire, on D° - - ’-

Lovell Stanhope, esquire, on his Pension -

Sir Thomas Parker, on his Annuity - -

James Marriott, LL. D. His Majesty’s Advocate General

Sir Richard Sutton, on his Annuity - - - -; . -

The Corporation of Dartmouth ——

The Dean and Chapter of Litchfield - - - .

The Vicars of D° _ -

Sir John llynd Cotton, on a Perpetuity - -

Henry Fane, esquire. Keeper of His Majesty’s Private Roads W"‘ Whitaker, esquire. His Majesty’s Prime Serjeant -

Thomas Chapman, esquire, One of the Secondaries in the King’s Remembrancer’s Office ——

Total of Fees, Salaries, Pensions, and Annuities £

387

iC s‘

90----

.10----

40-----

56 13 4

10-----

43 6 8

53 6 8 13 6 8

926

40----

13 6 8

67 2

2.400 -

340-----

564----

2.400 -

20----

564-----

40 — -10 — —

15-----

26 13 4

36 I q — 82 13 8

26 13 4

161,654 19 I

Bounties.

To James Bruce, esquire, as His Majesty’s Free Gift and Royal Bounty *

D' Samuel Stennett - - - D* -

The Corporation of Lyme Regis -

Thomas Pratt, esquire, as a Free Gift and Royal Bounty to Governor Try on Benjamin Vaughan, esquire, the Younger - - - - D#

Sir Stephen Theodore Janffen, for the Poor of the City of London -

Richard Shadwell, esquire, as His Majesty’s Donation to certain foreign Protestants Josiah Wefston, for defraying the Charge of his Passage to

Thomas Shield -John Hurt John Bruce Charles Pettigrew Alexander Robertson Robert Mc Cormick Lexvis Gurney Christopher Todd IF* Eafixoick IF" Gordon Wm Stanford John Bucharmon Richard Johnson Middleton Howard John Leland John Robertson -

D*

D*

D°

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D°

D*

D°

D*

D*

D"

D*

Virginia

D" -D° -

North Carolina Jamaica Maryland Quebec Virginia South Carolina Virginia * New York -Virginia Jamaica D° - -

Virginia -St. Christopher

Total of Bounties

Band of Pensioners.

To Philip Cade, esquire. Receiver of the Band of Gentlemen Pensioners

Secret Service.

To Grey Cooper, esquire, for His Majesty’s Secret Service - .

Henry Earl of Rochford, one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State for

D* .....-

Wm Earl of Dartmouth, another, for D° -

Henry Earl of Suffolk, another, for D°....

Anthony Todd, esquire, for D° -

John Robinson, esquire, for D* -

Total of Secret Service £.

Vol. 36.

2,600 ;----

85o — — 100----

2^59 10 —

800----

1,000----

500 — . —

20-----1

20 -

20----

20-----

£0 — —

20 — — i

20----

20 -

20----

20 -

20----1

20-----

20----

20 -

20----

20----

20----

' 7*749 10 —

Gjoooo — —

23,000----

8.750 -

3.750 - —

3.750 — —

7,249 6 —

11,000 — -

52,499 6 —

Presents

9b Apri

A. 1777.

Presents to Foreign Ministers.

To Sir Charles Cotterell Dormer, Master of the Ceremonies, to be paid over as a

Present from His Majesty, to Biiron de Resident from the Republic

of Venice - -

c

s. d.

384 12 —

To Thomas Hemirtg, Gent.

To James Brudeneefquire

Total of Presenta to Foreign Ministers £. King’s Goldsmith.

Privy Purse.

Contingences of divers Natures.

To Richard Shadwell, esquire, to be paid over, for His Majesty’s Service, to James Hubert, esquire ——

More to him, for His Majesty’s Special Service - ....

Cuchet Jouveneel, esquire, to reimburse Expences -

More, to him, to pay Bills of Exchange -

Peter Roberts, esquire, Remembrancer of the City of London, for a Bill of Impolt upon Wines ——

The Governor and Company of Ckelfea Water Works - - - .

Thomas Pratt, esquire, to pay Bills of Exchange - -

More to reimburse Expences ——

Edward le Grand, esquire, for His Majesty's Special Service -Thomas Lob Chute, esquire, Sheriff of the County of Norfolk, for Conviction of Felons

Christopher Smith, Under Sheriff of amshire,

Henry Wyatt, esquire. Sheriff" of James Roberts, Gent. Under Sheriff of London, Sic. James Roberts, etal - D® ——

WillmDudley, Gent. - D°

Edward Clark, Gent. Under D®

Clement Winstanley, esquire D#

John Lyne, esquire - - D®

Sir Abraham Hume, - - D®

Nathaniel Barrett, esquire D*

George Brocklatid, Gent. Under D®

Mann Hors(field, esquire - D*

Benj* Rook, Gent. - Under D®

Wm Dearjley, Gent. - D*

John Chandler, Gent. - D®

Robert Willis, Gent. - D®

Brigg Price Fountain, esquire D®

Meredith Price, Gent. - D®

John Edmondes, esquire,

Thomas Gregory, Gent. - D®

Thomas Parkes, Gent. - - D*

Wm Minjhull- - - D®

WmPowell - - D®

Jonathan Branfton, Gent. Under D®

Wm Salmon, Gent. - - D®

Adam Pierce, Gent. - - D®

John Jeanes, Gent. - - D®

John Stratford Collins, esquire D®

John Simpson, esquire - D®

Samuel Davis, Gent. - D®

Ralph Neionham, et al. - D®

Thomas Rudd, D®

Sir Hedworth Williamson D® George Thurlow, et al. - D®

Henry Ekyns, esquire - D°

John Reynolds - - D®

Thomas Patten, esquire - D®

John Durbin, Junior, et al. D®

John Ellis, Gent. - - D®

Daniel Swaine, esquire - D®

Maurice Stephens, Gent. - D®

Warwick Oxford -Leicester Devon -Hertford, Stafford Berks, -York Herts -Essex -Su rrey -Dorset Norfolk London Sheriff of Glamorgan - -~ Kent

Worcester Bucks -Brecon -Northampton -Wilts -Devon

Southampton -Hereford Leicester Bedford Nottingham -Gb

Durham Norwich Dorset Jjondon Chester -Bristol -Sussex -:

Cambridge

for D® for D® for D® for D® for D® for D® for D® for D® for D® for D" for D® for D® for D® for D® for D® for D® for D° for D® for D" for D® for D® for D® for D® for D® for D® for D® for D® for D® for D® for D® for D® for D® for D® for D® for D® for D® for D® for D® for D® for D® for D®

Montgomery -

John Emerton Westcombe, esquire, Sheriff of the County of Nottingham, for an Overpayment - - - - - -

John Dixon, esquire, - D*

John Crcaoiey, esquire - D®

Wm CunliffeShaw, esquire D®

John Hitch, esquire, - D®

Stephen Sayre it Wm Lee, esquires D® Sackville Earl of - D®

Thomas Eaf court, esquire D®

Cumberland

Bedford

Lancashire

Huntingdon

London

Westmoreland

WiUs

for D® for D® for D® for D® for D® for D® for D®

384 12 —

2,830 14 9

48,000-----

35* — — 1,462 7 6

1,848 10 —

588 6 —

199 10 —

52 14 — 8.139 — 4 12,200 — — 316 18 6

40----

70-----

130 — —

1,030-----

720-----

170 — —

120----

140----

9°----

330-----

280 — —

13°----

400-----

100 — — 1 720 — —

1,200-----

120 — — 70-----

200 — —

10----

340-----

29°-----

15°----

40-----

80-----

100----

90----

180----

30----

30----

80----

80-----

90----

120 -

40----

40----

52°-----

120----

40----

40----

80----

10 — —

818 5

37 — 7 39 — 10

53 — 8

10 11 4

1,069 16 7

4 14 11 120 4 8

To

V

17 Geo. III. 90 Apri

To John Price, esquire Sheriff of Coryjzcall, for an Oxer-payment

Clement Wiujlanlyefquire, - D° Leicester for D° -

Sir Harry llarp D° Derby for D*

Robert. Pigot, esquire - D° Salop for D» - -

Edmund Tyrrell, esquire t D* Suffolk -. for D° -

Robert Walker, esquire D* Rut [and- for D* - - , -

John Jlurlc, esquire D* Worcester for D° -

John Mayer, esquire D* Berks for D* -

Henry Ekins, esquire - D- Dorset - for D° -

James Davis, esquire - D° Monmouth for D* -

George Peck ham, esquire D* Sussex - for D" -

Sir Abraham Hume D« Hertford for D*

John Fleming, esquire - D* Southampton - for I)* -

Thomas Alder ton, one of the Messengers to the Chancellor of the Exchequer,

for Travelling Charges - -- -....

Charles Billingham, another, for D®....

The Representatives of Samuel Wright, for the Rent of an House -

John Pozcnall, esquire, for llis Majesty’s special Service -

Charles Eure and ft'illiarn Strahan, for printing Acts of Parliament, fife.

Mar/,- Basket, esquire, for Stationery Wares delivered to several Persons

John Ellys, Keeper of the Well Gate in Hyde Park, for watering the Road leading to

Kensington Palace ——

Jeremy Sneyd, esquire, for His Majesty’s special Service

More to him, for the Rent of an House employed as an Office for one of the Secretaries of State - -

John Porcnall, esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners of Trade, for jncident Charges attending the said Commission ——

Arnold Nesbitt, esquire, to pay a Bill of Exchange - - .

Robert Earl of Holdemcffe, Governor to his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, for extraordinary Expences incurred on account of his said Royal Highness More to him, for extraordinary Expences incurred on account of Prince Wm Henry and Prince Edzoard ——

Sir Jtfeph Ayloffeand others, for sorting Records, fife. -

John Walker, one of the Messengers of the Exchequer, for Travelling Charges Thomas Harrison, another, for IP -

Wm Refs, another, for D* - - - . -

Thomas Gibbons, another, for D° - *

The above Four Messengers, for circulating Eand Tax Acts of Parliament

The Officers of the Tally Court, for levying Tallies....

George Earl of Orford, Ranger and Keeper of Hyde Park, for watering the Ring in the said Park -

Sir John Fielding, for Dinners for the Magistrates of the City of fife.

Robert Allin, Gent, for His Majesty’s special Service - - - -

John Lord Viscount Bateman, Mailer of His Majesty’s Buck Hounds, for his'Equipage and Expences -

Horace Walpole, esquire, Usher of the Receipt of Exchequer -John Wali er, esquire, Ulher of the Court of Exchequer - -

Thomas Sandby, esquire, Superintendent of the Works in Windsor Great Park, for

Labour, fife. in the said Park - -

Richard Stevenjim, one of the Messengers of the Court of Exchequer, for Travelling Charges -

Samuel Wilkinson, another, for D* - - - - - r

Zachary Taylor, another, for D° - -

William Ejjington, another, for D" -

DevereuxDavis, another, for D° -

Nicholas Bonfoy, esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Commons, for a

Bill of Disbursements - -

Richard JcphJbn, esquire, Seneant at Arms attending the House of Peers, for his Attendance upon the Speaker -

The Clerks of the House of Peers ——

The Clerks of the House of Commons - -

John Ilatjell, esquire. Clerk of the House of Commons, for Printing and other Work

for the said House -

Wm Pollock, esquire, for His Majesty’s special Service -

Thomas Dring, Gent, for the under Clerks of His Majesty’s Privy Council Robert Nunn, for catching and carting Deer for the Royal Family to hunt Hans Stanley, esquire. Governor of the Isle of Wight, for a Bill of Surplusage -Arthur Vanfiltart, for the Rent of Mote Park -

Richard Rutfon, esquire. Chief Bailiff of the Tower of London, for a Bill of Incidents

Thomas Co lien, Gent, to pay a Bill of Exchange.....-

Total of Contingences - /.

3§9

I- s. rf.

it 1 7 V

,5 *4 6

24 iz

40 *7 1

ft* 4 ? 2

18, 7 9

7 - 2

9 to

>0 3

74 4 2

10 12 2

63 *8

108 *9 3

33 — —

33 — —

205 7 —

1 >039 8 4

10,021 3 11

2,515 16 10

65 — — .

1,201 i 4

4 66 6

2,320 10

78 14 6

2,532 5 CO

1,076 9 10

1,000 — —

ib2 10 —

370 —; —

33* 10 —

454 10 - —

688 — —

56 8 —

200 -

120-----

4 —

700-----

5,062 12 3

1,180 8 —

2,786 12 44

128 — —

128-----

146 13 4

*33 6 8 44-----

685 12 9

90 10 —

400-----

870-----

7°3 *5 6 218 7 —

300-----

128 10 2

276 8 io^ 323 q —

5t>5 *7 218 18 —

75,861 8 24

Vol. 36.

5-0

To

9* Aprilis

390

Privy Parse *

Royal Family -

Foreign Ministers -

Fees, Salaries, Pensions, and Annuit ies

Bounties....

Band of Pensioners -

Secret Service -Presents to Foreign Ministers King’s Goldftnith Contingences of divers Natures

Total

A. 1777-

£ * d

- 48,000

67,461 IO

101,515 5 10*

161,654 19 1

7,749 10 —

6,000 — —

52,499 6 —

384 12 —

2,830 14 9

- 75,861 8 2$

£ 523,957 5 J°i

An ACCOUNT of all Monies which have been issued and paid at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, to any Person or Persons, on account of the Privy Purse, Secret Service, Pensions, Bounties, Contingencies, or any Sum or Sums of Money, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, without Account, from the 5th Day of January 1776 to the 5th Day of January 1777.

Royal Family.

To Her Majesty Queen Charlotte -....

His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland -

Robert Earl of Holdemqffe, Governor to his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales More to him, for the Use of Prince Wm Henry and Prince Edward -

George Duke of Montague, Governor to his Royal Highness the Prince of More to him for the Use of Prince Wm Henry and Prince Edicard

£. s

50,000-----

9,000-----

3>673 5 — 557 —

3»673 5 —

557 Jo —

Total of the Royal Family - £.

Foreign Ministers.

To Sir Joseph Yorke, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the States

General of the United Provinces -

Thomas Lord Grantham, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the

Catholic King - -- --....

Frederick Robinson, esquire, Secretary to D° -

David Viscount Stormont, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Mod Christian King ——

Sir William Lynch, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the King of Sardinia Robert Walpole, esquire, D° to the Most Faithful King -

Robert Murray Keith, esquire, D° to the Emperor and Empress Queen of Germany -Sir Robert Gunning, D° to the Empress of all the -

Sir William Hamilton, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the King of the Two Sicilies ——

Sir Horace Mann, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Great Duke of Tufcamf ——

I^eu is de Vtfmc, A. M. Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Sweden -

The Representatives of D° - - - -....

Ralph Woodford, esquire, D* to the Court of Denmark -

WmGordon, esquire, Minister to the Court of ....

William Norton, esquire, D* to the Swiss Cantons....

Hugh Elliot, esquire, Minister Plenipotentiary to the Elector of Bavaria Sir Robert Harland, D* to India -

Thomas Wroughlon, esquire, Resident at the Court of Poland -Daniel Delaval, esquire, D* at the Court of Denmark -

Emanuel Mathias, esquire, D° with the Hans Toicns....

Horace St. Paul, esquire. Secretary to the Extraordinary Embassy to the Most

Christian King ..... ....

More to him, as Envoy Extraordinary to the King of Sweden -

John Strange, esquire, Resident with the Republic of Venice....

Charles Logie, esquire, Consul General to the Emperor of Morocco - -

Daniel Bomester, esquire, Consul at Carthagena - -

Wm Preston, Clerk, late Charge des Affairs at Naples....

67,461 io —

5,171 8 6

6,118 9 6

856-----

5.537 8 6 3.034 -

2.750 5 —

2,767 -

2,674-----

2,524-----

J.970-----

J.J05 — —

I, 615----

J. J94----

1,059----

763 10 —

1,490-----

1.134 -

1,082-----

956 -

1,110-----

1.134 -

600-----

75-----

187 10 —

17 Geo. III.

9° Aprilis.

391

To Charles Tullman, esquire, late Charges des Affairs at Sweden *

Solomon Dai/nolle, esquire, late Minister at -

Charles Holzendorjf, esquire, for Services performed to His Majesty in Foreign Parts

Sir James Porter, on his Annuity -

James Samson, esquire, Consul General at Tetuan -

James Trail, esquire, Consul at Tunis -

Archibald Campbell Frafer, esquire, Consul General and Agent at Algiers -Alexander Monro, esquire Consul at Madrid -

Isaac Jamineau, esquire, Consul at Naples -

James Ilolford, esquire, Consul at Genoa -

Edward Bayntun, esquire. Agent and Consul General at Tripoli - -

James Peter, esquire, Consul at the Ports of OJlend, and in

Flanders ——

Josiah Hardy, esquire, D* at Cadiz -

Frederick Ixuvrence, esquire -

Richard Lord Viscount Howe, One of the Commissioners for restoring Peace to the Colonies and Plantations in North America -

General William Howe, another -

esquire. Secretary to the above Commissioners -

Henry Strachy, esquire, Secretary to the above Commission -

James Harris, esquire, Envoy Extraordinary to the King of -

John O(borne, esquire, late Envoy Extraordinary to the Court of Dresden Jacob Benider, esquire. Vice Consul at Sallee -

Sir John Dick, Consul at Leghorn -

Total ef Foreign Ministers - £.

£. S. d. 117 10 — *

834----

300----

75°----

600----

375 -

450 -

750----

300----

125----

485----

150----

150----

425----

3.710 11 6

3.710 11 6

482 8 — -

884 16 6

1,690-----

1,590----

"5 13 — *5! 19 3

65,9!° 1 3

Fees, Salaries, Penffons, and Annuities.

To the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Exchequer Frederick Lord North, Chancellor of the Exchequer -

Sir John Shelley, Keeper of the Records in the Tower of London, for Three

Clerks ——

More to him on £. 500 a Year ——

Abraham Farley and George Ro/e, esquires. Keepers of the Records in the Court of Exchequer ——

More as Keepers of the Records in the Chapter House at Westminster -Robert Jeimings, esquire, for his extraordinary Services performed in the Office of

the Auditor of the Exchequer -

Barth" Lucas, Gent, for keeping the Registers of all the Public Loans in the said

Office..... -

Solomon Paul Jullivt, for the like Service -

The Clerks of His Majesty’s Treasury -

Benedict Schaller, et at. for Services by them performed in toe Treasury -Hugh Faience Jones, esquire, one of the Solicitors of His Majesty’s Treasury -John JackJ'on, Porter attending the Exchequer Gate -

John Earl of Tylney, Warden of the Forest of Waltham - - - - *

Thomas AJlle, esquire. Chief Clerk in the Record Office in the Tower of London John Earl of Bute, Ranger of Richmond Park -

Peter Calvert, esquire. Keeper of the Records relating to the forfeited Estates in England ——

Abraham Farley, esquire. Senior Deputy Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Exchequer Robert Pigot, esquire. Solicitor in the Court of Exchequer -

Wm Duke of Gloucester, Ranger of Windsor Forest -

More, for holding Swanimote Courts -

The Under Keepers of Cranbume Chafe -

Horatio Walpole, esquire. Clerk of the foreign Estreats in the Court of Exchequer Augvjtus Henri/ Duke of Grafton, Keeper of His Majesty’s Privy Seal -

Wm Rozvland Tn/on, esquire, Messenger of the Order of the Bath - -

Henry Duke of Newcastle, Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer -Sir Edu ard Walpole, Clerk of the Pells -

Nathaniel Rowe, esquire. Clerk of the foreign Estreats in the Court of Common Pleas Sir John Shelly, Clerk of the Pipe ——

The Officers in the said Office -

The Clerks of the Council ——

George Earl of Pomfrel, Ranger of the House or Little Park at Windsor Augustus Earl Berkeley, Constable of the Forest of Dean -Tile Commissioners for promoting the Trade of this Kingdom -

John Pozcnall, esquire. Secretary to the above Commissioners -

Henry Earl of Suffolk, one of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State -

Wm Earl of Rochford, late another -

Wm Earl of Dartmouth, late another - - - -.- -

Thomas Lord Viscount Weymouth, another - ,

I-ord George Germain, another -

Sir Charles Cotterell Dormer, Master of the Ceremonies -

Y01.. 36.

8,000

1,600

150

500

420

480

100

4

392

9" A prills.

To Francis Barlow, esquire, King’s Clerk in the Crown Office -

Francis Earl of Hertford, Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Household H "‘ Earl Talbot, Lord Steward of D* -

Sir Fletcher Norton, Chief Justice of all His Majesty’s Forests South of Trent John Lord Pelham, late Chief Justice in Eyre of all His Majesty’s Forests beyond Trent - -

Thomas I^ord Lyttelton, the prefect Chief Justice of D® -Edicard Thnrlote, esquire. Attorney General - - - '

Alexander Wedderburne, esquire. Solicitor General -

Sir Fletcher Norton, Speaker of the House of Commons -Henry Earl of Darlington, Keeper of His Majesty’s Jewels -Granville Levejbn Earl Gower, Lord President of His Majesty’s Privy Council -George Duke of St. Albans, on his Annuity -

George Earl of Orford, Ranger of Hyde Park -

More, for Two additional Keepers in St. James’s Park -

The Messengers of His Majesty’s Treasury for Termly Bills ~ -

Samuel John Barnejley, Messenger of His Majesty’s Chamber -

Francis Maferes, esquire, Fifth Baron in the Court of Exchequer -John Symonds, esquire, Professor of Modem History in the University of Cambridge George Onjloxc, eftjuire, of Oakham, Out Ranger of Forest *

Thomas Sandby, esquire, Superintendent of the Works in Windsor Great Park The Representatives of George Wm Earl of Bristol, late Groom of the Stole to His Majesty.....- -

Thomas Lord Viscount Weymouth, Groom of the Stole to His Majesty -

Samuel I-ord Masham, one of the Gentlemen of His Majesty’s Bed Chamber -The Representatives of D® -

William Earl of March, another -

Ix>rd Willoughby de Broke, another ——

Thomas Lord Bruce, another -

George Earl of Orford, another -

George Earl of Pembroke, another -

Bast Earl of Denbigh, another -

Lord Robert Bertie, another -

Edward Earl of Oxford, another -

John Duke of Roxburgh, another -

Frederick Lord Viscount Bolingbroke, another -

George Earl of Pomfret, another -

George Bit fey Earl of Jersey, another ——

John Lord Viscount Hinchingbroke, Vice Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houshold -Sir Charles Hotham, one of the Grooms of His Majesty’s Bed Chamber -Sir James W>right, another ——

John Mostyn, esquire, another ——

John Mardaunt, esquire, another -

Sir James Peachey, another -

William ILircourt, esquire, another ——

Henry Vernon, esquire, another -

Sir George O/fo/VN?, another ——

Thomas De Grey, esquire, another -

Henry S' John, esquire, another - -

Captain Philip Hales, another - -

John Augustus Harvey, (now Earl of Bristol) late another.

Colonel Wm Gordon, another.....- -

The Representatives of Peter Burrell, esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Lands John St. John, esquire. Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Lands -

EdmundBishop of Chester, for Four Preachers -

Thomas Ramflen, esquire, His Majesty’s Latin Secretary ....

Tin/ Bring and John Picket, Keepers of the Council Chamber -Tiie Corporation of Lyme Regis.

Thomas Nowell, D. D. Professor of Modern History in the University of Oxford - - -....

Dr. Richard Dickson Lillington, Reader to the Houshold Servants at Hampton Court ——

Edward Bibbins, Messenger appointed to look after the Printing Press -Abraham Farley and W" Hammond Deputy Chamberlains of His Majesty’s Exchequer ——

Anthony Shepherd, D. D. Master of Mechanics to His Majesty -

Cliciset Ministris Secrii ——

John Lord Bishop of Sarum, Chancellor of the Order of the Garter -John Tabor Kemp, Attorney General at New York -

Andrew St. Clair, Junior, esquire ——

George Earl of Crawford ——

Lady Mary Campbell ....

Sir Robert Menzies ....

Alexander Frajer, esquire ——

John Lord Gray - -

James Couttsand Thomas Coutls.....-

A. 1777.

£ s. d.

6« - rl

2,250 — — T

Li 55 — —

3>30° — —

216 I I O

1.350 11 6

1 IO —

115 10 —

2,000 — —

525 — —

2,000 — —

75° — —

3 00 — —

67 IO —

208 — - —

61 — —

5° — —

400 — —

300 — —

784 12 —

400 --

994 IO

500 — —

250 — —

750 — —

75° — —

75° — —

75° — —

750 — —

75o — —

750 — —

75° — —

75° — —

75° — - —

750 — —

75o — —

45° — —

375 — —

375 — —

375 — —

375 — —

375 — —

375 — —

375 — —

500 — —

375 — —

375 — —

375 — —

100 — —

262 IO —

67 7 91

120 2 3*

200 — —

54 *5 —

100 — —

400 — —

40 — — r —

60 — —

80 — 11210 —

35 —

57° 5 — 225----

! 50-----

262 IO --

I 12 IO -

300 -

300 -

KO-----

45O----

To

17 Geo. III.

9° Aprilts.

° Ann Countess of Northejk -

Charles Lord Cathcart ——

The Representatives of D* - -

James Earl of Lauderdale ——

James Lord Forbes ——

Daniel Earl of Leven -

Hugh Lord Raey ----- ..

Thomas Dundas, esquire -

James Earl of Errol ——

John Earl of Galloway.....- -

George Earl of Dalhoufie -

John Ley, esquire. Clerk Assistant in the House of Commons -Thomas Alderlon, One of the Messengers attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer - - ... ....

Charles Bilfingham, another -

Henry Fane, esquire, Keeper of His Majesty’s Private Roads - -

Wm Beard, esquire, Chief Justice of Carmarthen, &‘c. -

John Pollen, esquire, late D* .....-

Edioard Poor, esquire, Second Justice of D° - -

Daines Barrington, esquire, Chief Justice of Carnarvon, Sic.

Janies Hayes, efiquire, Second Justice of D"....

John Williams, esquire, Chief Justice of Glamorgan, fife.

William Whitaker, esquire, Second Justice of D* -

William Chetwynd, esquire, Examiner of all Interludes ....

Edward Capell, esquire, Deputy of D® - -

The Mayor of Macclesfield 9 - -

Neidlle Majkelyne, A. M. ——

Sir Francis Mo/yneux, Gentleman Ulher Black Rod

nomas Lord Hyde, Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster ----- Thomas Hutchinson, on his Allowance -

Thomas Martin, ProfcHbr of Botany in the University of Cambridge -Robert Nunn, Keeper of the outward Gate of Windsor Castle ----- Richard Hammond, esquire. Foreign Appofer in the Court of Exchequer The Secondaries in the Treasurer’s Remembrancer’s Office ..

The Clerks in the said Office - - ....

Elizabeth MoJtyn, Keeper of the Privy Lodgings at Hampton Court -

Debentures.

To the Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer -

Henry Earl Bathurst, Chancellor of Great Britain - -

Horatio Walpole, esquire, Ulher of the Receipt of Exchequer, for the Watchmen of

the Exchequer ..... ....

Francis Meferes, esquire. Fifth Baron of the Court of Exchequer -

Stephen Cotlerell, esquire, Keeper of the Council Records -The Clerks of the Privy Council -

John Earl of Bute, Ranger of Richmond Park. - - r - -

Robert Earl of Holderncjje, Constable of Dover Castle - -

Sir Fletcher Norton, Chief Justice in Eyre on the South Side of Trent -Thomas Lord Pelham, late D° -

Thomas Lord Lyllleton, Chief Justice in Eyre beyond Trent - -

George Earl of Orford, Ranger of St. James's Park -

Edxeard Coleman, esquire, One of His Majesty’s Sergeants at Arms -Henry Brougham, esquire, another -

Augustus Henry Duke of Graftou, Keeper of His Majesty’s Privy Seal Sir Charles Coiterell Dormer, Knight, Mailer of the Ceremonies to His Majesty Stephen Coiterell, esquire, Assistant to D* - - - .

William Henry Duke of Gloucester, Ranger of Hampton Court Park -

The Governors of The British Museum, as Keeper of His Majesty’s Libraries Sir Stonier Porten, Keeperof the State Papers at Whitehall -

The Ministers of the Isle of Man -

Martha Bonfoy, Housekoeper at Newmarket -

Gcor Duke of Mont ague, Governor of Windsor Callle - - - _ -

Thomas Wynne, esquire, one of the Auditors in the Court of Exchequer -Heny Shelliy and Mich1 Warden, Esquires, who aft as the other -John Tmcfdale, esquire, Apothecary in Ordinary to His Majesty -The Fellow s of Eton College -

The King’s Serjeants at Arms -

George Earl of Pomfret, Keeper of the House or Little Park at Windsor Rachael Idoyd, Housekeeper at Kensington -

Richard Bcrrsford, esquire. Keeper of His Majesty’s Tennis Courts

Aijlabie, esquire, one of the Auditors of the Imprell - *

Lewis Lord Sandes, the other - - -

George On lime, esquire, of Oakham, Out Ranger of Windsor Forest -Charles Ambler, esquire, One of His Majesty’s Counsel at Law John Skynuer, esquire, another ——

Henry Bankes, esquire, another -

Vol. 3b. 5 H

393

C s- d-

22K-----

6oo — —

300 -

600 — - —

150 --- —

600----

150----

600 -

830 18 6f 700 — —

s6 10 —

36 10 —

60 16 8

395 *7 9* ioz 1 1

4©o — —

400----

400 — — 500 — —

400-----

300----"

150-----

37 10 "*

140-----

150-----

900----

1,500 — —

100 — —

25 — —

40 — —

18-----

22 10 — *

36 10 —

786 — 8 5,000----

366 — 245----

375 — — 750 — — 83 8 —

3.075 — — 166 13 4

I3 l5 10f

86 4

672 6 3 100 2 —

100 13

268-----

200----

13 4 ?4 4

izo — —

75-----

200 --- — *

*39-----

300-----

225 — — 86 5 — 3r 10 — Sn ia —

300-----

225 — — *32 3 4

100 ——

100-----

600-----

40 — 40-----

4° — — To

394

9° Apri

d-MlV

To James Wallace, esquire, one of His Majesty’s Counsel at Law - -

Gryffyd Price, esquire, another ——

"Richard. Perryn, esquire, another -

James Mansfield, esquire, another - ....

Edward Bearcroft, esquire, another -

George Letois Newnham, esquire, another . ....

George Duke of St. Albans -----....

Chaffs Hospital - -

Thomas Major, Gent. Engraver of Seals to His Majesty - -

Thomas Dring and John Picket, Keepers of the Council Chamber - -

The Officers of the Board of Works....

Sir Harry Burrard, Keeper of New Forest - -.

The Corporation of Berwick ....

D° - - Dartmouth - -

Sir John Shelly, Clerk of the Pipe - -

The Judges of England ——

John Moreton, esquire. Chief Justice of Ch

John Sky niter, esquire, Second Justice of D* - - - - '-

The Matters in Chancery - -- -....

Richard Stonehezver, esquire, Knight Harbinger to His Majesty -

Jat West., esquire. Auditor of His Majesty’s Land Revenues -

Edward Thurlow, esquire. His Majesty’s Attorney General -

Alexander Wedderburne, esquire, His Majesty’s Solicitor General - -

Robert Foster, esquire, Clerk of the NichiUs....

Dr Thomas Thurlow, B. D. Matter of the Temple -

The King’s Heralds - -- - - - - -....

John Siiffield Brown, esquire, xllanc Courfir Herald -

Henry Hill, esquire, late Bruilfwick Herald -

The Officers of the Board of Ordnance....

Frederick Lord North, Chancellor of the Exchequer - -

The Churchwardens of St.Botolph ....

TP - - - St. Michael's, Cornhill

D - - - St. Magnus

D* - - - St. John the Baptist -

The Master and Fellows of Emanuel College -

The University of Cambridge ....

GeorgeMontague, esquire, Ranger of Saicfey Forest - -

Samuel Lord Masham, Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer -Rober.t Vanfittarl, Professor of Law in the University of - -

Peter Burrell, esquire, late Surveyor General of His Majesty’s I-ands

John S‘ John, esquire, present Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Lands -

Henry Earl of Suffolk, one of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State William Earl of Dartmouth, late another -

William Henry Earl of Rochford, late another - -

Thomas RamJ'den, esquire. His Majesty’s Latin Secretary -

Thomas Guy Cullum, esquire, Gloucester King of Arms -

Solomon Dayrolle, esquire, Master of the Revels -

John Pitt, esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods -

The Dean and Chapter of Westminster....

D" - Litchfield -

The Vicars of Litchfield - - " -

The Master of Southwell School -

Michael Crane Apothecary in Ordinary to His Majesty - -

The Heirs of Colonel Fairfax' -

Horace Walpole, esquire. Clerk of the foreign Estreats in the Court of Exchequer -Ann Blackerby, Housekeeper of the House of Lords -

Doctor Zachary Brooke, Reader of Divinity in the University of Cambridge William Vivian, Reader of Physic in the University of Oxford - -

' Sir John Eardly Wilmot, on his Annuity - -

Sir Thomas Parker, on D° -

George Perrott, esquire, on D* ——

Lovell Stanhope, esquire, on his Pension -

Sir Richard Sutton, on D* - - - - " - -

James Marriot, LLD. His Majesty’s Advocate General....

Henry Fane, esquire. Keeper of His Majesty’s private Roads....

Thomas Chapman, one of the Secondaries in the King’s Remembrancer’s Office Henry Vaughan, esquire, late Keeper of His Majesty’s Lions -

George Payne, esquire. the present Keeper of D°....

Thomas Duke of Leeds, on his Pension

Richd Heron, esquire, King’s Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer -

Russell Plumtree, M.D. Professor of Physic in the University of Cambridge

John Hatfellf esquire. Clerk of Parliament....

Total of Fees, Salaries, Pensions, and Annuities, £.

40

40

3*

40

40

40

1,029

37°

V

69

249

250

50

40

47

21,285

730

500

i>°97

196

100

81

70

20

37

420

26

6

212 200

7

12

21 7

l6

20

40

27 30

269

480

too

108

84

80

40

10

50

3°

10

15

10

99

125

43

9

13

20

2.400

2.400 1,200

564

564

20

36

26

40

213 3,oooo

64

40

10

s. d.

3 11

7 6 10 — 10 — 10 —

7 4

4 2

J4 3

10 7t

6 8

6 8

6 8

13 4

5 71

1 10

4 ~ 4 8

13 4 13 4

18 8

" 3r 9 2i

9 10*

13

7 J}

6 8 2 6 6 8

10 — 13 4

2 6 2 1

136,301 1

Bounties

Googh

9

17 Geo. III.

Bounties.

To Dr-. Sam1 Stennett, as His Majesty’s Free Gift and Royal Bounty - -

James Bruce, esquire, D*----

Henry Earl Bathurst, for his Expences as Lord High Steward <

The Corporation of Lyme Regis -

Benjamin Vaughan, esquire, the Younger -

Richard Shadwell, esquire, as His Majesty’s Donation to certain Foreign Protestants - - --- -- - . - i #-

Horace St. Paul, esquire, as His Majesty’s Free. Gift and Royal Bounty

Benjamin Hopkins, esquire, Chamberlain of the City of London, for the Poof of the said City....

Thomas Braithxcaite, towards defraying the Charge of his Passage to Maryland

- - - - - Montserrat '-

- - Virginia

North Carolina

t - - - - Virginia

----- Jamaica

George Young - Da

James Madijon - D°

John leott Philips D*

John White Holt D*

Philip Anglin - - D*

Total of Bounties

Band of Pensioners.

To Philip Cade, esquire. Receiver of the Band of Gentlemen Pensioners

Secret Service.

To John Robinson, esquire, for His Majesty’s Secret Service - -

Anthony Todd, esquire, for His Majesty’s Secret Service - -

Sr Grey Cooper, Baronet, for D° -

Henry Earl of Suffolk, One of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State for D* -Thomas Lord Viscount Weymouth, another, for D* - - - .

Lord George Germain, another -

Wm Earl ef Dartmouth, late another -

Wm Henry Earl of Rochford, late another -

Total of Secret Sendee £,

Presents to Foreign Ministers.

To Sir Charles Cotterell Dormer, Master of the Ceremonies to His Majesty, to be paid over as a Present from His Majesty, to Count dc Guignes, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary from the Most Christian King -

More to him to be paid over as a Present to Lieutenant-General Baron de Schlieffen, Minister Plenipotentiary from the Landgrave of Hesse Caffell - - . - -

Total of Presents to Foreign Ministers

King’s Goldfinith.

To Thomas Heming, Gent. --

Privy Purse*

To James Brudenell, esquire ——

Contingences of divers Natures.

To Cuchet Jouveniel, esquire, to pay Bills of Exchange - - *

More to him, to reimburse Expences - - - - '

John Elly, Keeper of the West Gate in Hyde Park, for watering the Road leadfng to Kenjxngton Palace -

Mark Basket, esquire, for Stationary Wares, delivered to several Persons -~ Charles Eyre and fVmStrahan, -for printing Acts of Parliament, Sc.

Thomas Sandby, esquire, Superintendant of the Works in Windsor Great Park, for Labour, Sc. in the said Park - -

Erf* le Grand, esquire, for His Majesty’s special Service - -

Horatio Walpole, esquire, Usher of the Receipt of Exchequer -

John Walker, esquire, Ulher of the Court of Exchequer - -

Thomas Pratt, esquire, to reimburse Expences - -

Vol. 36.

395

£. s. d.

i,700 -

4,000 ----.

1,000 ---- —

100----

fcoo----

500 — , —

i,o 80 — —

1,00b — - — 20 — —

20----

20 — — 20 — —

±0-----

26 — - —

10,300-----

4,500 —

12,000 j — .

6,263 9 —

17,000 — —

3,000 — —

a»73z 15 2

2»732 15 2

267 4 id

267 4 io

54.263 9 - —

1,683 15

33° 16 —

1,414 I I

*789 17 1

48*006---- —

588 6 —

1,848 10 -

130 —

2.463 x7 7

9.328 12 10

3.59° x3 11

316 18 6

13,988 10 10

1,207 12 8

9,400 — - —

More

?y

35*

9* ApriUs.

More to him to be paid overt x undry Persons who were Sufferers during the Disturbanoes in America -

More to pay Bills of Exchange and for Special Service To the Representatives of Sam1 Wright, for the Rent of a House or the Use of the Privy Seal and Signet Offices -Sir Joseph Ayloffe, and others, for sorting and digcfting Records Thomas Alderton, One of the Messengers attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer, for Travelling Charges - -

Charles Billing ham,'another, for D*

The Officers of the Tally Court, for levying Tallies -

George Earl of Orford, Ranger of Hyde Park, for watering the Ring in the said Park John Pownall, esquire. Secretary to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations,

for incident Charges ....

More to him for His Majesty’s Special Service -Robert Earl of Holdernesse, Governor to his Royal Highness the Prince of , for extraordinary Charges ——

More to him for extraordinary Charges for Prince Wm Henry and Prince Frederick George Duke of Montague, Governor to his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, for extraordinary Expences ——

More to him for extraordinary Expences for Prince Wm Henry and Prince Frederick Jeremy Sneyd, esquire, for His Majesty’s special Service -

More to him for the Rent of an House employed as One of the Offices of the Secretaries of State -

Richard Shadwell, esquire, for His Majesty’s special Service -More to him to purchase a Present to the Bey of Tripoli -More to him to purchase a Present to the Dey of Algiers -John Walker, One of the Messengers of the Exchequer, for Travelling Charges -Thomas Harrison, another for D8 -

William Rtfs, another for D8 -

Thomas Gibbons, another for D* -

The above Messengers, for delivering Land Tax Acts of Parliament, &c

George WUbraham, esquire - D* Chester, for D8 - - { !OI 14 4

Thomas Patten, - D* Lancaster, - for D8 - - I 61I7 —

Robert Cheney, - D8 Derby, for D8 - 34 19 7

Geoffiy Hornby the Younger - D* Lancaster, - for D8 - - 1 77 *2 6

Brigg Fountain, esquire, - - D8 Norfolk, for D8 - - 46 17 —

Daniel Swaine, esquire, - - D* Cambridge, for D8 - - 5 7 3

Wm Planter, and John Hart, esquires, D8 London, for D° - > I 1,069 2 —

Richard Moore, esquire - - D8 Suffolk, for D - - 135 19 9

John Nelthorpe, esquire, - - D* Lincoln, for D* - - 92 4 3

John Cooke, esquire, - D8 Rutland, for D8 - 71 17 3

Walter Trevelyan, esquire, - D* Northumberland, for D8 - I 91 M 6

John Norris, esquire, D* Buckingham, for D* 42 5 9

Samuel West, esquire. - D8 Worcester, - for D8 - w 47 17 2

John Williartfon, esquire. - D* Stafford, for D8 to - 130 4 5

George Pauncefort, esquire. D8 Bedford, for D8 to - 40 15 7

John Freeman, esquire, - - D* Hereford, - for D* 4 - 7° J5 8

George Gould, esquire, - - D8 Dorjct, for D8 - . 20 3 4 k

Thomas Baker, esquire, - - D8 Suffer, for D8 - - 33 4 2

Goodyer S‘. John, esquire - D8 Southampton, for D8 - - 80 5 5

WM Leche, esquire, - - D* Chester, for D* - - 99 2 —

Sir Thomas Cha - Sheriff of Somerset, for D* - ! 5° — —

WmNichols, esquire, D8 Monmouth, - for D8 120 — 8 —

John Whilwell, et al. - D* Coventry, - for D8 40 — —

Adam Pier/e, - Under !> Devon, for D8 - [ 60 — —

John Reynolds, D* D8 London, for D8 - 2,230 — —

George Wilbraham, esquire. - Sheriff of Chester, for D8 1 20 — —

David Morgan, - D8 Radnor, for D8 I 10 — —

Brigg Fountain, - D8 Norfolk, for D4 . I 5° — —

David Roberts, D8 Salop, for D° . 1 100 — —

Timothy Mortimer, D# D* . York, for D8 I 310 —

Thomas Wilkins Morgan, - D8 Somerset, - for D8 I 220 —

Joseph Wilcox, et al. - D8 Coventry - for D8 1 120 — -

Wm Tyrrell, Gent. - D* D° Berks, for D' ... j 170 —

Sir WM Gooch - - D8 Warwick, - for D8 1 140 —

Edward Clerk, D° D8 Oxford, - for D8 I 40

John Sbntfon, esquire. - D8 iMcester, - for D8 1 10 — *

Robert Cheney, esquire, - D8 Derby, for D* I 20 —

John Jeanes, Gent. D* D* Southampton, for D8 to 1 40 ~ *

Wm Northey, esquire. - D8 Wilts, for D" . I 130 —

John Collins, Gent. - D8 Essex, for I)° ] 560 — *

Thomas Harwood, esquire, - D8 Hertford, for D° I 130 — -

Sir Justinian IOiam, - - D8 Northampton, for D° 1 Go — -

Henry Brown, at. - D8 Suffolk, - See D* J C)3 - - rn

A. 1777.

C s. d.

5,264 9 —

5,410 19 to

205 7 —

1,000 -

n----

73 —

88 18 — 200 -

1,868 18 8 412 19 10

1,305 6 11 405 16 9

2,128 19 10 640 15 8$

4»i73 5 6

3u

1,419

545

545

245

221 321 427 668 40

o

19 io

18 — 18 —

7 6

t7 Geo. III.

9° Aprilis.

397

D* Devon, for D* - -

1>* Surrey, for D# - -

D* Norfolk, for D° - -

I> Bucks, for D° - -

D* Chefer, for D° -

D* Lancaster, for D° - -

D° Carmarthen, for D* - -

D* Denbigh, for D° - -

D* Hertford, for D# - -

D* Norwich, for D* -

D* Lincoln, for D# - -

D° Salop, for D* - -

D° Lancaster, for D* -

D* Cumberland, for D* - -

D° Northumberland, for D* .

Sussex, for D* - -

Samuel IVill; inf on, another Zachary Taylor, another lVm Ejjinglon, another

To Thomas Oregon), Gent. - Under Sheriff of Kent, for Convictioil of Felons John Baring, esquire Nath1 Green, Gent. - D’

Nicholas Styleman, esquire Wm Min/hull, Gent. - D*

John AJlle, esquire -Sir IVa/ts Horton, Bart. -Walter Rice Howell, esquire -John Ilumberson Cawley, esquire Wm Plomer fCindus, Gent.

John Morphezo, Gent.

Thomas Douglas, esquire Thomas Jelph Powys Lawrence Rauf on, esquire Roger William J'on -John AJkew, esquire -John Ellis, Gent. -George Ramus, esquire, to be paid to Col. Charles Rainsford, for His Majesty’s special Service -

Thomas Cotton, Gent, to pay a Bill of Exchange drawn by the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs in America for His Majesty’s special Service ... Sir John Fielding, to defray the Expence of Dinners for the Magistrates of Westminster John Lord Viscount Bateman, for his Equipage as Mailer of the Buck Hounds -Thomas Dring, to be distributed amougrt the under Clerks of the Privy Council Richard Stevenson, one of the Messengers in the Court of Exchequer, for Travelling Charges

- for D*....

- for D*....

- for D* - ....

Devereux Davis, another - for D* -

Rick* Jephfon, esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Peers, for his Attendance upon the Speaker of the said House -

Duncan Campbell, for removing Felons from Newgate, for the Hire of a Ship to

receive them, and for their Maintenance ....

John Hat fell, esquire, for Printing and other Works for the House of Commons ' -Captain John Hamilton, in consideration of his having brought the News of the Arrival of Captain Douglas at Quebec with the Troops under his Convoy -Minor Henry Caldwell, in consideration of his having brought the News of the

Retreat of the Rebel Forces from before Quebec -....

jfaptain Francis Le Mafic, in consideration of his having brought Dispatches from General Carleton of the King’s Forces having driven the Rebels from Montreal

and FortChamblee - - - - ....

Major Cuyler, in consideration of his having brought Dispatches from General

J/owe-----....

John Ogilvie, esquire, to be by him paid over to Lieut. Col. Maclean, in consideration of divers acceptable Services in Canada....

Major Nesbit Balfour, for bringing Dispatches from Sir Wm Howe of the taking of the City of New York ----- - .

Captain Rich1 Dacres, in consideration of his having brought Dispatches from Sir Guy Carleton of the defeating of the Rebels upon Lake Champlain ... The Clerks of the House of Peers, for Services by them performed in the said House -

The Clerks of the House of Commons, for Services by them performed in the said House - -

Edward Coleman, esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Commons, for Necessaries for the said House -

John Marlin Leake, Gent, to pay a Bill of Exchange drawn by the Commissioners of the Customs in America, and for other Purposes in America -Robert Nunn, for catching and carting Deer for the Royal Family to hunt Milzvard Rozce, esquire, to be paid to fundiy Persons who were sufferers during the Disturbances in America.....-----

More to him, to reimburse Expences -The King’s Heralds and Pursuivants at Arms, for Largesses on the Creation of Peers ——

George Rose, esquire, for his Care and Attention, and proper Delivery of the printed Rolls of Parliament and J ournals of the House of Peers,

Hans Stanley, esquire. Governor of the Isle of Wight, for a Bill of Surplusage Arthur Vansittart, esquire, for the Rent of Mote Park - -

Peter Roberts, Remembrancer of the City of London, for a Bill of Imports The Governors of ChelJ'ea Water-Works, for supplying the Treasury with Water -Wm Pollock, Gent, for His Majesty’s special Service -

Total of Contingencies - £

I s. d.

33°-----

140 — —

770 -

50----

80----

80----

40----

40----

80----

40 ——

80----

70----

aio-----

40----

20----

tio-----

30----

165 17 —

873 II 6

120-----

700---- e

300-----

128 — — *

128----

146 13 4

133 6 8

44----

106 10 — 1,140 16 1

719 6 —

500----

5°o-----

500 -

500-----

500-----

500 — —

500----

400-----

87° — - — 744 4 4

*»"9 7 — 103 — 2

*5>793 19 —

1,000 — —

i35-----

177 13 6

395 4 4$

323 9

96 12 —

52 *4 —

302 10 —

109,964

VOL. 36.

5l

Abstract

398

A. 1777.

Supply.

Adjournment.

Committees.

Gloacester

Ikdioo.

Colb of Wiinffle*, *c.

Westminster

Street*.

9

o

Abstract of Totals to the aforegoing Account.

Royal Family -Foreign Ministers -Fees, Salaries, Penftons, and Annuities

Bounties....

Band of Pensioners *

Secret Service

Presents to Foreign Ministers King’s Goldsmith -Privy Purse -

Contingencies of divers Natures -

£ d-67,461 10 —

65,910 1 5

136,3° t 1

10,300-----

4,5°° '

54,263 9 -

1,414 ri —

5*789 *7 1

48,000-----

109,964 1 2

503,904 10 6%

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the said Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

from The Broad Sanctuary into Dean's Yard, within the City and Liberty of WestmiAnd, the same was

received; and read the First Time.

Resolved,"‘Thai the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account; Account of the Money remaining in the Receipt of Siakms l uni the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1777, for the *

Disposition of Parliament, of the Surplusses, Excesses,

Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, of the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, after satisfying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till this Day Seven night.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the Yew.|

Tellers for the Noes, fjj*, 39-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That all Committees have I^eave to lit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That the Select Committee appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of the Honourable George Cranfield Berkeley, and also the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freeholders and Electors of the County of (lloucester, for and on Behalf of themselves and all othi - Freeholders of the same County, severally complainii; of an undue Election and return for the said Count), have Leave during the Adjournment of the House, ho meet at the House of any Member of the said Committee for the Purpose of Adjournment only.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Payment of Cods to Parties, and Charges to Constables, W itnesses, and others, ou Complaints determined before Justices of Peace out of Sessions; for the Payment of Charges to Constables in certain Cafes; and for the more effectual Payment of Charges to Witnesses and Prosecutors of any larceny or other Felony: And that Mr. Charles Mellish, Sir ray, and Sir

Herbert Mackworth, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Mr. Marsham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church o i Saint Peter in Westminster, to open a Street from the South End of Long Ditch to the North End of Smith Street, and to widen Part of Tothill Street

and of Ixnig Ditch aforesaid; and also to widen the Passage between Orchard Street and the new intended Street; and to make a more commodious Entrance

16

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Exportation last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for of Wheat.

" allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of " Wheat and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar " Colonies in America, and to the Island of Saint Helena,

and to the other Settlements;belonging to the United " Company of Merchants of England trading " East Indies s and of Biscuit and Pease to Newfoundland, A rovaScotia, Bay Cfialeur, and Labrador ffcuid " for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising or earring into Execution His Majesty’s Qcders " of Council already made, for allowing the Exportatation of Wheat and other Articles," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to revive and continue such Part of the said Act, as expired on the First Day of January 1777: And that Sir Grey Cooper and Sir Charles Whi do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr Lutherpresented to the House, according to Rebow’* Order, a Bill to enable IJ'aacMarlin Rebozc, Esquire, Name*

to take and use the Surname of Martin, pursuant to the Will of Matlhezo Martin, Elijuire, deceased: Ami the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and,

Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An f,nforA Act for enlarging the Term, and altering the Powers, to

of an Act made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Banbury Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Wanvick and Oxford, so far as relates to the Road from The Guide Post in the Village of through

Kidlington, to the Mileway leading towards the City of Oxford; without any Amendment r And also,'

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, Thame# of the City of Ixnidon, to purchase the present Tolls ‘ *vl&anorv-and Duties payable for navigating "pon the River Thames,

QtOOWllly

Sec.

JRoaos.

Toole Gate Hoads.

Naffington,

See.

Inclosure.

Carleton,

See.

Inclosure.

Bolton

Imjofure.

Egremont

Inclosure.

Whittington

inclosure.

Hewiham

lodosure.

17 Geo. III.

90 — 16° Jprilis.

399

Thames West ward of London Bridge, within the Life* ' sties of the City of London, and for laying a small Toll in Lieu thereof, for the Purpose of more effectually compleating the said Navigation, and for other Purposes; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Crookhill, in the Parish of to the Turnpike Road leading from to

port Harbour, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Dorfwithout any Amend-

ment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, feveraf Roads therein mentioned, leading from a Gate in the Town and County of Poole, called Poole Gate;and for repealing Two Acts of Parliament, of the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Years of his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads; and also for applying a certain Sum of Money, therein mentioned, towards paving and repairing a certain Street or Way, within the said Town and County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Woffington, Yarwell, Apelhorpe, and Wood-

newton, within the Prebend or Peculiar of Woffington, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within IheTovvnships, Villages, or Hamlets, of Carleton, Bri/co, and Wrea within the Manor or

Lordship of Botchardgate, otherwise Prior -ship, in the Parishes of Saint Cuthbert Carlisle, and Saint Mary Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland; without any Amendment: And also,

The Ix>rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Bolton, in the County of Cumberland; without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waites, within the Manor of Egremont, in the County berland; without any Amendment: And also.

The Ix>rds hav e agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Waste Lands, within the Manor of Whittington, in the County of Salop, with One Amendment: to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

The I Ioufe proceeded to take the said Amendment into Consideration.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth, viz.

Press 49. line 9. After " made" insert, " Provided " always. That nothing herein " contained shall authorize or " impower the said John Robert " Lloyd, his Heirs or Assigns,

" to claim or receive any Heriot " of, from, or on Account of " any of the new Allotments to " be made by virtue of this: " Act."

The faiil Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney do carry the Bill to the

Ivords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, and a Stinted Pasture, in the Township Vot. 3(5.

of Neusham, in the North Riding of the County of

York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Brown’s to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, t^crov»n upon the Bill to enable the Commissioners for executing 0 n*

the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to make an Agreement or Composition with the several Sureties of William Brozon, and the Representatives of such of the said Sureties as are dead, for a Debt remaining due from them to the Crown, on several Tobacco Bonds entered into and executed by such Sureties respectively; and that they and their Estates and EtFefts may be acquitted and" discharged therefrom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the the Chair.

Mr. Comptroller of the Household took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Comptroller of the Household reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House-will please tq receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon this Day Sevennight.

The other Orders of the Day being read j

Resolved, That this House will upon this Day anj Mutu. Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 17th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further continuing an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An " Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign-wrought " Silks and Velvets, for a limited Time: and for " preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen " employed in the Silk Manufacture."

And then the House adjourned till this Day-Seven-night, Ten o’clock in the Morning.

Mercuriiy 16° die Aprish \

Anno i7#Georgii IU'" Regis, 1777.

Prayers.

MR. Thomas Townshend reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Smith'* Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Asjheton Estates; Smith, Esquire, and William Henry Asjheton Smith, his Brother, to grant building, improving, and other Leases of the Estates devised by the Will of William Smith, Esquire, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Copfent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Scotland; Importation and E^rwation of Cora.

Condicote

Inclosure.

Market La vine ton IndoJure.

Christ

College

(Oxford)

Ettas.

400 16° Apri . 1777*

Resolved, That the Hill do pnfs. Resolved, That the Bill do puss.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Toionjhend do carry the Ordered, That Sir Roger do carry the

Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment. hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom Wappiag Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Bill for opening Communications from Wap- Street*, intituled, "An Act to explain so much of an Act ping Sheet to by widening the

" made in the last Session of Parliament, (intituled. South West End of Street, and by building a " An Act to regulate the Importation and Exporta- new Street from Bird Street, across certain Fields or " tion of Corn) as relates to the Method of ascertain- Gardens, to John's IRU in Ratcliff Highway aforeing the Prices of Corn and Grain exported," might said; and another new Street, from Street

be read. aforesaid, through Globe Yard, Sampfons Gardens, and

And the same being read accordingly j from thence to in

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, aforesaid; and another new Street, from Old Gravel who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to Lane, through Street, and from thence to

amend and render more effectual so much of an Act Virginia Street; and for paving the said intended Streets made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His and also Hermitage Street, Gardens, Arta

present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the choak Lane, Virginia Street, Pennington Street, Joints Importation and Exportation of Corn," as relates Hill, Artichoak IIill, Bird Street, Princes Square,m\<\ the to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, that they several Lanes, Avenues, and Passages, leading into the do make Provision in the said Bill, for amending and said Streets and Square, and the Footway in Cannon rendering more effectual so much of the said Act of the Street, all in the Parish of Saint. George, in the County Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, of Middlesex, and for removing and preventing all as relates to that Part of Great Britain wilted Scotland. Annoyances and Incroachments therein, was commit.

ted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations Sir William Guise reported from the Committee, to of the Bill, and found thelame to be true; and that tho* whom the Bill for dividing and incloOng the Open Committee had gone through the Bill, and madeieve-and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in ral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed the Parish of Condicote, in the County of Gloucester, him. to report to the House; and he read the Report was committed; That the Committee had examined, in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with and found that the Standing Orders of the House the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the of the Twenty-fifth of April 1774, relative to Bills Amendments were Onqe read throughout; and then of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, severally put thereupon, were, with several Amend-and found the same to be true; and that the Par- ments to One of them, agreed to by the House. ties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to Ordered, Tlxat the Bill, with the Amendments, be the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Com- ingrossed. mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several

Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him Mr. Morton reported from the Committee to whom Lord to report to the House; and he read the Report in his the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Placp, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the for vetting in the Right honourable Robert , E

Amendments, ill at the Clerk’s Table: Where the commonly called Lord Robert Spencer, and the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Most Noble George Duke of Marlborough, One of Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question the Knights Companions of the Most Noble Order of severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. the Garter, and the Heirs and Assigns of the said

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Duke of Marlborough, the settled Estates of the ingrossed. said Lord Robert Spencer, situate in the County of

Lincoln', was committed; That the Committee had Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in same be-true; and that the Parties concerned had Severalty, the Open Common Fields, Commou Mea- given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of dows. Common Downs, Waste Lands, and Common- the Committee; and that the Committee had directed able Places, within the Parish of Market Lavington, in him to report the Bill to the House, without any the County of Wilts, was committed, he received To- Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the morrow Morning. Clerk’s Table.

1 And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Sir Roger Neicdigate reported from the Committee, Resolved, That tine Bill do pass.

to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled. Ordered, That Mr. Morton do carry the Bill to the

An Act for establishing and confirming Exchanges of- Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Heredi- to the same without any Amendment, laments, situate, (landing^1 lying, and being within

the Hamlet of Wighthill, in the Parish of Tackley, in ’ Mr. Abel Smith reported frotn the Committee, to Archbishop

the County of Oxford, pursuant toArticies of Agree- whom the ingrossed Bill fronvthe Lords, intituled, __ of

ment between the President and Scholars of Corpus An Act to enable the Archbishop of and ^an"rbury’*

Christi College, in the Universitjy of Oxford, and Simon Daniel Esquire, to grant Building Leases, 63 n*

Wifdoitie, Esquire; and for-other Purpose* therein purfaan( to an Agreement entered into lor that Plir-mentioned, was committed;-That the Committee pose, was committed; That the Committee had had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the the same to be true; and that the Parties Concerned same to be true; and that the Parties Concerned had had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of of the Committee; and that the Commiitfiee had di- the Committee; and that the Committee had directed reftedhim to report the Bill to the House, without any him to report the Bill to the House, without an y Amend-Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in aUhe Clerk’s ment; and he delivered the Bill in at the CierkTs Table.

Table. A And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. Resolved, That the Bill do pals. ;: v

Ordered,

17 Geo. III. 16° Apr 401

Ordered, That Mr. Abel Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Hatter*; A Petition of the Mailers and Journeymen Felt regulating Makers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, resident their 1 rade. jn an(] about the Borough of Derby, was presented to the House, $nd read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are Persons employed in the Art and Mystery of Felt-making, having lawfully served their Apprenticeship thereto, and, by a elofe Application and Industry, have been enabled comfortably to support themselves and Families for many Years pail; and that by Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Eighth Year of Queen and the First Year of King James the First, it is En-nafted, " That no Mailer Manufacturer shall have but " Two Apprentices, besides their own Sons, at one " Time, nor those for lefsTime than Seven Years;" And that the Petitioners have been informed. Application has been made to the House, for a Bill to repeal such Parts of the said Acts as relate to the Mailers Manufacturers taking more than Two Apprentices at one Time; and that, by reason of the great Number of Journeymen in the said Trade, many of them are at present wholly unemployed therein, and are obliged to work in Coal Pits, and to serve as Labourers in other Employments; and that, within these few Years pall, there have been a great Number of Men relieved in the Borough of Derby, feekingfor Employ; and if the said Acts should be repealed, and the Felt Makers be at Liberty to take what Number of Apprentices they shall think proper, a much greater Number of Journeymen will be unavoidably out of Employ, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners and their Families, and the respective Parishes whereunto they belong: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and to grant them such Belief in the Premises as tolhe House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cousideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to regulate the Prices of Labour, the Hours of Working, and the taking of Apprentices, in the Hat Manufactory, is committed.

aftwi Mr. Mayor reported from the Committee, to whom to the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road, in the " Parish of Ajiall, in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road at or near B in the County of was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, turning, and altering, the Road from the Bottom of Galley Hill, near the Town of Witneyto The Cross, in Clan/ield, in the County of Oxford; and also of several Creditors who have lent and advanced Money upon the Tolls and Duties granted by the said Act, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was ottered to be added to the Bill, declaring that the Road shall be made only according to the Direction of Sir Robert Throckmorton.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Vol. 3b.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Thomas Clavering reported (romthe Committee, Prudhoc

to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Trade of Waste Grounds, Moors, or Commons, within the Manor and Barony of Prudhoe, and Parish of Ovingham, in the County of Northumberland, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands within the said Parish, of the Annual Value of Ten Pounds; and that the whole Annual Value of the Lands within the said Parish, intitled to Right of Common upon the Lands intended to be inclosed, is upwards of £. 1,500; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Commissioners shall ascertain to which of the Townships the Roads shall belong.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Knightley presented to the House, according to Grafton Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Underwood and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Inclo*u,fc Pattures, in the Manor and Parish of Grafton Under-tvood, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Knightley do make the Report Wdford from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, Inclosure. and inclosing the Open Fields, and Commonable Places, of and within the Parish of Welford, in the County of Northampton, was committed.

Mr. Knightley accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April .1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been*complied with; and that the Committee had con-lidered the Petition of Richard Gardner, Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of We ford, in the County of Northampton, to them referred; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 7 Yard Lands and some odd Parts, and about Cottages, who refused to lign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of One Yard Land, some odd Parts of a Yard Land, and some odd Parts of a Cottage, who lived at so great a Distance that they could not be applied to; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be. inclosed confute of 53 Yard Lands and 27 Cottages); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be re-

5 K ported

Uffington,

ice.

Indofitre*

40a

16° Aprilis. . 1777.

ported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question fev#allyput thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. , from

the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order.

An Account of the Money remaining in the Receipt Account* of the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1777, for in Fu"A the Disposition of Parliament, of the Surpluses, Excesses, Overplus Monies, knd other Revenues, of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, after satis* fying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

1

An A C C O U NT of the Money remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1777, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Surplufes, Excesses, Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, after satisfying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon.

The Money remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of 1777, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Surplufes, Excesses, Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, after satisfying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, amounts to the Sum of Seven hundred Sixty thousand Three hundred Sixty-three Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Two Pence Farthing.

Exchequer, the 16th Day E. Wiljbrd.

of April 1777.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Perches of the Lands to be inclosed, within the said Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House. Hamlets of Kingston Lijle and in the Parish

of Sp and the Lord of the Manor of Kingston

Mr. Winchcombe Hartley reported from the Com- Lijle, who refused to sign the Bill; and except the fair! mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and Provost and Scholars of Queen's College, in the Univer-inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Common fity of Oxford, who are Owners of the greatest Part of Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, Commons, and 1 the Great Tithes within the said last mentioned Ham-Other Commonable I.ands, within the Township of lets; and except the Vicar of Sparjholt, aforesaid; and Uffington, and the Hamlets of Balking and Woolfton, that the whole Quantity of Lauds to be inclosed in the otherwise Woolverjton, and within the Hamlets of laid Township of consist of 57 Yard Lands

Kingston Lijle and Fawler, in the County of Berks, and an Half, and a few Acres; and that the whole was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Quantity of Lands to be inclosed in the Hamlet Provost and Scholars of The Queen's College, in the of Woolf on consist of 35 Yard Lands; and that the University of Oxfords was referred That the Com- whole Quantity of Lands to be inclosed in the said mittee had examined, and found that the Standing Hamlets of Kingston Lijle and Faioler contain 1,149 Orders of the House, of the 15th of April 1774, re- Acres 2 Roods and Perches); and that the Committ.ee lative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-and that the Committee had heard Counsel in Support ments thereunto, which they had directed him to re-of the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations port to the House; and he read the Report in his of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Report was read.

the Owners of Two Yard Lands and a few Acres in A Petition of the Provost and Scholars of The Uffington

the Township of Uffington, who did not chuse to sign Queen’s College, in the University of Oxford, and of the

the Bill; and except the Owners of 46 Acres 3 Roods Reverend Philip Brown, Clerk, was presented to the nc""ttie‘

and Perches; and the Owners of Part of the Latter House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners,

Math of Old Field Meadow, in the Hamlet of Balking, the said Provost and Scholars, presented their Petition in the Parish of Uffington ;and except the Owners of to the House against the said Bill, and desired to be Two Yard Lands, in the said Hamlet of Woolston, in heard, by them lei ves or Counsel, against such Parts the said Parish, who did not chuse to sign the Bill;* thereof asrelated to the said Hamlets of Kingston Lijle and except the Owners of 69 Acres 1 Rood and 35 and and that, by virtue of an Order of the

17 House,

i7 Geo. III.

i<J® Aprilis.

House, the Petitioners, the said Provost and Scholars, Attended by their Counsel the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed; and were in Hopes that such Alterations would have beeH made therein as should remove the Objections the Petitioners had thereto; but find that the said Bill Hill contains several Provisions and Powers, whereby, as they are well in*

403

of the Committee (except the Owners of ^50 Acres of Land, who did not chuse to sign the Bill*, for Fear of the Expence, but declared they would not oppose it; and also, except the Owners of 68 Acres of Land, who said they would oppose it if required; and that the Whole of the Lands in* tended to be inclosed is 2,241 Acres and 3 Roods;

Mile-End

Nightly

Welsh.

Halifax

and

Sheffield

formed, they and their Successors will be greatly in- and that no Person appeared before the Committee to jured: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said through the Bill, and made several Amendments Bill as effect the Petitioners Rights and Interests, and thereunto; which they had directed him to report to that the Came may not pass into a Law. the House; and he read the Report in his Place;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-Table, until the said Report be taken into further meats, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amend-Consideration; and that the Petitioners be then heard, mentswere Once read throughout; and then a Se

by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit. 5

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition'.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

cond Time, One by One; and, upon the Question' severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, and rendering more Encouraging effectual, Two Arts of Parliament, one made in the ,he Am

" 7 — " -r - ~- --------------- c

Mr. Alderman Wilkes reported from the Committee, Eighth lear of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose other in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present &c.

Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Hamlet of Mile End Old T, in the Parish of Dunfian, Stepney, alias Stebonh, in the County of

Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Majesty, for Encouragement of the Arts of designing, engraving, and etching, Hiiiorical and other Prints; and for making further Provision to secure the Property of Prints to the Inventors and Engravers thereof, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending, and rendering more effectual. Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the other in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Encouragement of the Arts of deligning, engraving.

Robert Trott, being examined, said. That frequent and etching, Historical and other Prints; and for mak-

v . in nr hipfhpr Mrmnlmn fn Ippiipp thp lJrnnprfvT r\r Krintc

Robberies and Disorders are committed within the said Hamlet, which, if the several Roads, Streets, Lanes, and Ways, within the same, were properly lighted, it would further tend to promote the Safety and Convenience of the Inhabitants, as well as all Persons resorting to the said Hamlet.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for establishing a Nightly Watchand Patrole in the Hamlet of Mile End Old Town, in the Parish of Saint Dun-

fian, Stepney, otherwise Stebonheath, in the county of .

Middlesex, that they do make Provision in the said

Rill for liUtmr th/fow and widening the Roads from

ing further Provision to secure the Property of Prints to the Inventors and Engravers thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Greville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, Tal y Cacti made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widen- oa " ing the Road leading from Tal y Cdfn Ferry, in the County of Caernarvon, and through the Towns " of Conway, Bangor, and Caernarvon, to the Town of

Pwlhely, in the same County;" and also for repairing

Yealxnds

Inclosure.

Bill, for lighting the said Hamlet.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Sheffield, in the fame*

Riding, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Sheffield, in the same lliding.

Ordered, That Mr. Spencer Stanhope do carry the Bill to the Lords, and detire their Concurrence.

Sir Thomas Egerton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and indofing the Common and Waste Grounds, and certain Common Fields, and also Two Mosses, called WaMofs, and HUder-Jtone Moss, within the Manor of Yealands, in the Parish of Warton, and County Palatine of Lancaster,

was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had

on the Denbighshire Side of the River Conway, to join the Turnpike Road between Coniony and Saint AJ'aph, at a Place called Sam y Mynech; and from the Turnpike Road between Bangor and Conway, at the Village of Aber, over Bwich y Ddwyfaen to Tal y

Cafn Ferry aforesaid, and from thence to the Town of Llanrujl, in the County of Denbigh, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Afshe ton Smith, Mr. Townffield, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Fenton presented to the House, according to St jarnee»s Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in Clerkenwtll, the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present. Ma- Paving: jesty, intituled, "An Act for paving, repairing, lighting,

" and watching, the Streets, and other public Passages " and Places, within that Part of the Parish of " well, called Saint James's, and removing Obstructions " and Annoyances therein; lor widening the Passage " from Clerkenwell Green to the Parish Church; and for watching and lighting certain Highways within " the said Parish;" for repairing the Highways in the said Parish, and cleansing the said Part of the said Parish; for widening the Passage from *

given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfactiou well Close to Rofoman Street, and from

Vol. 36. "Street

Famet field Indofurt.

Tkornton

Indofurt.

NewbaW

Indofurt.

Barmky

Indofurt*

Westmmfttr

Streets*

Carlton Rode indofurt.

404 16° Aprilis. A, 1777.

Street to Saint John Street; and for building a Chapel

in the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Edward. Bentinck presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, Forest, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Nottingham: A'nd the same was received j and read the First Time.

Jte/olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Meadow and Pasture Grounds, and the Common or Moor, within the Township of Thornton, in the Parish of Fo, in the North Riding of the County of York: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, and inclosing, several Open Common Arable Fields, Wolds, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Townships of North Newbald and South Newbald, within the Parish of North in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Ings, Common, and other Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Township and Manor of Barmby ujronthe Moor, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, in Westminster, to open a Street from the South End of Lang Ditch, to the North End of Smith Street, and to widen Part of Tothill Street, and of Long Ditch aforesaid; and also to widen the Passage between Orchard Street and the new intended Street, and to make a more commodious Entrance from The Broad Sanctuary into Dean's Yard, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Whitworth, tic.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Coke of Norfolk reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting and inclosing, the Old Whole Year Inclosures, Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Carlton Rode, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Patience Thomas Adams was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands in the said Common Fields of the Annual Value of £.52. iox. o d.who refuted to sign the Bill, but said they should not oppose; and also except the Proprietors of Lands of the Annual Value of £.54. ior. od. who live at a great Distance, and could not be applied to; 18

and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed are of the Annual Value of £. 1,708. 7 s. od.; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which 1116/ had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Coke of Norfolk reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Wreningham, in the County of was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25 th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands of the Annual Value o ff 16, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed are of the Annual Value of £. 1,032; and that no I’erson appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at tire Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the undivided Moiety of the Reverend Henry Osman, Clerk, and Mary his Wife, of and in certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of King's Langley, in the County of Herin Trustees, to be

fold; and for applying Part of the Money arising by such Sale in Discharge of an Incumbrance upon the said Moiety; and for laying out the Residue (hereof in the Purchase of entire Kfeffuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, to be settled in Lieu (hereof, to the same Uses, was committed; That (he Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Sa! isfection of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Ehcesdo carry (lie Bill to the Lords; and acquaint (hem, that this House hath agreed to tire fame, without any Amendment.

Sir AdamFergujfon presented to the House.according to Order, a Bill to amend and render more effectual so much of Two Acts, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn iu that Part of Great Britain called

Scotland

Wreniogham

Indofurt.

Osman’t

EfLte.

Scotland; Imjioruiioa and Exportation ot Corn,

17 Geo. III. 16* — 18° Aprilis.

4P5

Scotland: And the same was rtefeived; and read the First Time.

Be/olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill ^printed.

Clergy Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to ftrfiifrnc*. promote the Residenoe of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more speedy and efie&uai building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchsfing, Houses, and other necessary Buildings and Tenements, for the Use of their Benefices: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Skynner, dnd Mr. Jacl/on, do prepare and bring in the lame.

Ammon. Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to’restrain the railing of Money, by the Sale of Life Annuities, to be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Tea i A Bill for the more effectual Prevention of the

manufacturing of Alh, Elder, Sloe, and other Leaves, in imitation of Tea; and to prevent Frauds in the Revenue of Excise, in respect to Tea, was read a Second Time.

Be/olved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, Ihat the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Be/olved, That this House will, upon Monday Sevennight, the 28th Day of this Infiant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bittwa’s Mr. Comptroller of the Household, according to Or-Debt der, reported from the Committee of the whole House, , to the to whom the Bill to enable the Commissioners for sexe-Crown* cuting the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to make an Agreement, or Composition, with the several Sureties of William Brown, and the Representatives of such of the said Sureties as are dead, for a Debt remaining due from them to the Crowm, on several Tobacco Bonds entered into and executed by such Sureties respectively; and that they and tlseir Estates and ElFe&s may be acquitted and discharged therefrom, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had . made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

nafrury, A Bill for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Comr See. mens, of the City of London, to make proper Drains

Shew*, and Sewers in the Prebendal Estate of and

Hallhvell, in the Suburbs of the said City, and for other Purposes therein, mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Befefbed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Oliver, Mr. Alderman Sec.: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

. The House was moved. That the Order made upon Wednesday last, for referring the several Accounts which which were then presented to the House, by the Lord . North, by His Majesty’s Command, to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referted to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; .

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Order be discharged; l Voi. 36.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, { $£ TormJhtM, |,

Tellers for the Noes/ j

So it paised in the Negative.- .

The Order of the Day being read, for die House to Supply resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the several Accounts which were presented to the House upon the 28th Day of February, - -and the 23d Day of March 1769; and also upon the;

12th and 0,6th Days of January, the 17th Day of February, and the 7th Day of March 1770, relative to the Expences and Revenues of the Civil List, be re>-ferred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Mriday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Be/olved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit. Committee; notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Be/olved, That this House will, upon Friday w»y* Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the "* M«»n* whole. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. *

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, i 86 die A/rilis; .

Anno 17® Georgii.ijll1" Regis, 1777.

» r

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Inlands Common and Wufte Grounds, and certain Com- , ladofinw mon Fields, and also Two Mbfies called Waithdut- !

Mo/s and Hilderstone Mo/s,within the Manor of Ytd*

lands, in the Parish of Warton, and County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third Time. \

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that, the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waftfe Grounds, and certain Common Fields, and also Two Mosses called1 Waitham Mo/s and Hilderstone Mo/s, within the Manor of Yealands, in the Parish of Warton, and County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Egerton, do carry the Btft to the Lords and desire then Concurrence.

L A»

406 18 1777.

s

ladHf* An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- That the Bill do pals: and that the Title

ure* elofing, the Old Whole Year Inclosuree, Common be. An Act for amending the Road from tlio South Fields, Commons, and'Waste Lands, within. the Parish EaltEnd of the Town of Loughborough, in the Coimty Carlton Rode, in the County of Norfolk, was read of to Derby Bridge, near The and the Third Time. - from the said Bridge to the South End of

Rrfolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Bridge, in the same County.

be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do carry the Bill to

Old Whole Year Inclosures, Common Fields, Com- the Lords, and defoe their Concurrence, mons, and Waite Lauds, within the Parish of Carlton.

Bode, in the County of Norfolk. Mr. reported from the Committee, to

Ordered, That Mr. Coke of Noifolk do carry the Bill whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. and Common Fieldfs, Common Meadows, Common

.: Pastures, and offier Commonable Lands, lying and

Sheriff* lAr.Skipu'Rhreported from the Committee, to whom being in and in the Parish of

Charity, the ingrosseU Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Rotkky, in 'the-'Chtmty of was committed; .

to enable the Feoffees and Trustees of an Estate, in the That the Committee had examined, and found that County of Middlesex, given by Lawrence Sherif, for the Standing Orders of the Howfe, of the 25th of the founding and maintaining aSchool and AJmshouses, 1774, relative ta Bills of Inclosure, had been complied at Rugby, in the County of Warwick, to fell Part of with; and that the Committee had examined the the said Estate, or. to grant Leases thereof, or -of any Allegations of the Bill, and foundtlie same to be true; Partthereof, and toefleftuatethe other Purposes therein and that the Parties concerned had given their Con-mentioned, was committed*, Thht the Committee had font to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the :and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had and made several Amendments thereunto; which they given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfoftion of had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Committee; and that the Committee had gone the Report in hi* Place; and afterwards delivered through the Bill, and made several Amendments there- the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerkts unto, which they had directed him to report to the -Table: Where flie Amendments weife Once send House; and he read the Report in his Place; and throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; Afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and, upon the Questiotv severally put thereupon, were in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments agreed to by the House.

were read; fend are as followfeth; viz. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Pr. 4Q,.l. 20. Leave out from " as " to " and " in ingrOffod.

I.21, and iufert " he shall behave.

v . - " well." An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain

1 IY. 43; Luh. After " examined" insert "and at Tracts of Wafie Grounds, Moors, or Commmife, within " their Annual Meeting in Augu the Minor and Ikurowy of hrudhoe, and Pstrish of " to make such Rules and Orders Ovingham, in the County of Northumberland, wag read " for the better Regulation of the the Third Time.

" said School, and the Matters and Refolded, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title . " Uihers tlifereof, and of the said be, An Act for dividing and inftofrng-certain Tracts " Alms Men, as the said Truf- of Waste Grounds,;Moors, or Commons, within the " tees, or the major Part of them Manor1 and Barony of and Parish of

1 " present at such Meeting shall -ham, in the County of Northumberland: ' *

" think proper; all which Rufos Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clavering do carry the " and Orders shall be observed by Bill to the fiords, and define their Corictfmmce". *'

" the Matter and Ulhers of the r

" said School, and Alms Men re- An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and - " spectively, for the Time being." keeping in Rephir, tlte Road loading foem the Turn-

The said Amendments being severally read a Second pike Road in the Parish of hi''the County of

Time, were, upon the Question severally put there- Oxford, \o the Turnpike Road at.ofpinrtkr shocklimd, id

upon, agreed to by the House. the County oif Berks, was read'rhe Third Tknei " *d

„ - Resolved, That the Andithatttfe'Tltle

Birmingham The House was moved, that the Order, made upon be, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in

Theatre, the 26th Day of Jlfarxhlaft, for reading a Second Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in

Time, upon Tttefday next, the Bill for enabling His -the'Parish of <ift ’the-Gokaty of'ft.K/fl/vi, atoVhe

Majesty to licence a Playhouse in the Town of Turnpike Road at 'or inear Bdcktantt, hn the County mingham, in the County of Warwick, might be read. 1 1 ' ?*<’t

And the said Order being read accordingly; Ordered, That Mr, Mayor-dodarry the Bill t&the

Ordered, That the said Order he discharged. Lords, and define their Concurrence. u /, r:

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time ;* 1‘

upon Thursday Morning next. Sir Titoinai 'Clarerfag reportedfrofo the Confcmttee,

_ ' - to-whom the Bill for dividing and'* infcloling

todgbbon«|h An ingrafted. Bill for enlalrgingfhe Term and Porters won, or Mootvcalied LiatetcU alias HvAftfo*,

"j* «f Two Acts, naffed in the Kleventh and Seventeenth in the Parish of Kirknewton, -ta the.-County of Net*-'Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George thumberland, was committed; That the Committee had the Seoend, for repairing several Roads leading from the examined, and found that the Standing Ordelsnif the Town of Ixmghborvugh, in the County of Leicester, to House,’ of the 125th o 1774, rehitivetoBilfe the Town of De&y,in the County of Derby, so for as Jneiofure, had been complied with; and that the the same relate to* the Road from Lovghbbroughtb Gornmittee had< examined) the Allegations of the Bill, Cavendish Bridge-, and for amending and keeping m -and found the femeto be true; and that the Parties 'Repair the Road from the South East End of Dough- concerned: had! given- their Consent ifoithe Bill, Ho fiie borough aforesaid, through Leieefier Lane, P&rt of Wood- Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Pertdnpol-gateHighGaie, and-Steoa Street, to The Rufiies, at. the felled ofann Estate entitled to R4^UM)ft Common dpon End of the said Town of Loughborough, was thg laid Moor, of ahhut £.,8b ptr Atnenm, who, on read the Third Time. I - r being applied to, iaidji^ knew-of ndPeifonthdtikouId

iAi. -- v uppose

Wykckam

and

Caudwell

Inclosure.

Prudh^e

Inclosure

AfthaO

to

BucklaaA

Road*

Howtell

Inclosure.*

17 Geo. IH/ t8° Jprilis. \407

oppose the Bill; and that the Whole of the Estates entitled to Right of Common are of the Annual Value of £. 1,125, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Buckingham An ingrossed Bill for building a new Church within new Church. Town and Parish of , was read the

Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1, 1. 13. After "Pounds" to iiifert "and upwards."

Pr. 5, 1. 33. To leave out " Easter" and insert " Whitfuinstead thereof.

1» 35* To leave out " Easter" and inlbrt " Whitsun" inllead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for building a new Church within the Town and Parish of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. James Grenville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Stutou Mr. Page reported from die Committee, to whom the

toslofiu* Bid for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields,'Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Common* ible Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Stanton Saint John, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had beeri complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the- Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Comr mittee (except the Proprietors of Four Yard Lands, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed amount to Fifty Yard Lands, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee liad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in hi* Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill. !

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A. y

Cantley . Mr. Lqficellespresented to the Iioufa, according-to Inclosuie. Ojder, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common fields, iNleadovys, Paftnres, Commons, and Waste Ground?, within the Townships of Brampton, Beffacarr, and High Editt*.v, within the several jMagor* of firayfyton, and jtyfjsoarr, in, tire Piarish of Cantley, in the West Riding of the County of YofiUk And the same wufj received*- ftild ye ad, the First Time. jfyjbbacd, That the Bill be read a hedond.Time.

1 i 1 1. .* . *

Wendovc% The Earl Vertteyreported from -tljp Comfoittee, to

lacHwrs. mhotn, the Bill tar coqtirminr Exchange* of Lahdtf and ;.:Vo L.36.

Tithes of and in the Open and uninclosed Common Fields, within the Manor and ParHh of W&ndov in the County of Buckingham ;and for establishing and

fecnring certain Annual Payments in lieu of Tithes, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Bill (being only for cdhfirming Exchanges of Lands and Tithes within the Manor and -Parish of Wendover, and for establishing and fecnring certain 'Annual Payments in lieu of Tithes) does not come‘within the Standing Orders of the House, of the '*

15th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure; and that the Committeehad examined the Allegations of the'

Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the-Committee; and that the Committee had gone'through the Bill, and-made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout} and then'a Seoond Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put therepon, were agreed to by the Tloufe. '/

Otxlered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bd ingrossed.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Manufac- Severn turers, of the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting qj oucelUr forth, That the Petitioners are much alarmed at a Bill’ 8trteu< which is now depending in Parliament, from the May of and Burgesses of the City of Gloucester, so far as relates to laying a Tax upon aH Vessels -passing under a Bridge* contiguous to the said City, called West Gate Bridge ‘ ansi that the Petitioners cannot view this ‘Attempt without the great eft Surprise, either in regard to the Reasons assigned for'demanding such Tax on the one Hand, or, on the other, from the bad Consequencei and dangerous Precedent of laying fneh a Tax on tllC River Severn, which has ever been a' free Navigation; and that they cannot fee the Shadow of a Reason why aVeflei on the Water, and in Tides Way, should pay towards the Reparation of Streets, Lanes,* Causeways, fife, on the Land, or even towards repairing or improving of Bridges, which can in no wife be supposed a Convenience to such Vessels; nor can they fail of being apprehensive of bad Consequences from the Imposition of a Tax which not only would fall on their Martufactures, btrt also on the raw Material? consumed therein, as well as on other Foreign Merchandize coming that Way, which is very considerable for the Supply of that populous Neighbourhood; and tltat the dangerous Precedent is but too apparent at first View* for should this new and unprecedented Tax be fub-rnitted tq in one Instance, thqy cannot fee where it might terminate: And therefore.praying the House to take their Petition into Considerfttion, and prevent any Duties being laid on the Navigation of the Rivpr Severn.

A Petition of the Bailiff and Burgesses of the Cor- Ditto, poration of the Borough of Bewd in the County of norcester, in Bebaif themselves and others, the principal Inhabitants of the said Borough, was also. presented to the IToufe, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed that a Bill is depending, whereby a Tonnage, or Toll, is intende<| to be granted to the Corporation of the City of upon ajl

Vessels navigating upon the River Seyern, and pafjnig througlith.6 Bridge near the WeJIG at eyn the said City, for the rurpqfe of enabling ,the said Corporation to erfeft a*Drawbridge*thqre,'ai)d to raise and widen tlys Causeway leading from the said Bridge towards and that the Petitioners, as well as other the Inhabitants of the said Worcejer, and also the Inhabitants of the Counties Salop, S^aford, and Mont*

'gantry,; through JwtnCh flie said River runs, and like-wife the Inhabitants xrf sundry-other Barts of the Kiligf-

dom.

Severn Bridge and Gloucester Streets

Ramfbmy

lndosure.

Afliton

Revues

Inclosure.

Rirton Smaa Dtks.

408 18° Apr.: ' 1777*

dom, from which there is a Communication with the said River by means of navigable Canals, are supplied with great Quantities of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, from the City of Bristol, and other Places below the said Bridge, by means of Vessels navigating on the said River, which ure unavoidably obliged to pais under the (hid Bridge; and great Quantities of Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Coals, are daily conveyed to the said City of Bristol, as well as to Stroud and other Parts of the Clothing Country, from several Parts of the Kingdom, without paying any Tonnage or Toll whatsoever, on passing under any Bridge upon the said River, which is a free navigable River; and that the Petitioners apprehend a Drawbridge will be a real Obstruction to Land Carriage, as a Number of Vessels usually pals through the Bridge, when the Tide flows, so soon after each other,-that the Bridge, for a considerable Time, together, must be kept up, which will neoeflarily put a Stop to all Carriages and Passengers for the Time; and that the Petitioners are informed, the said Corporation of Gloucester are seised of divers Manors, Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of a very considerable Annual Value, which were given tb them for the express Purpose of keeping the said Bridge and Causeways in Repair; and that the Revenues arising therefrom are amply sufficient for the Repairs of the said Bridge and Causeways; and that it will be a great Hard-ship upon Persons navigating on the said River to be obliged to contribute to the building and repairing a Bridge and Causeway, from which they are not, neither can they be, in any wise benefited; and the Petitioners, apprehend, that the granting a Tonnage, or Toll, to the said Corporation, to be paid by Vessels navigating on the said River, will be a very great Discouragement and Injury to the Trade, and be of public Mischief: And therefore praying. That the same Bill may not pals into a Law, with any Provision therein, whereby the Trade carried on upon the said River may be burthened or discouraged; and that the Petitioners may have all such other Relief as to the House may seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for rebuilding the Bridge over > the River Severn at Maifemore, near the CUy of Gloucester; for repairing and making commodious Overs Causeway, leading from the said City, towards Maifemore aforesaid; for ameuding and altering the Bridge over another Branch of the said River Severn, near the Gate of the said City; and for enforcing the proper paving and cleansing of the several Streets within the said City; and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future, is committed.

A Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadow's, Common Pallures, and other Commonable Grounds, in the Tithings or Liberties of Ramsbury Town, Park Town,

Eqfiridgejind Bay don, within the Manor of Ramsbury,

in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

ReJblvcd, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Goddard, Mr. Herbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices,

Ordered, That all have Voices w'ho come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pallures, and other Commonable Grounds, in the Manor and Pariflt of Ashton Keynes, in the County of Wilts, is committed.

Lord Brawnlow Bertie reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, auj Inhabitants, within the Hundred of Kirton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was referred ^That

the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Ycrburgh, being examined, said. That in the Pa-riflies of Surfieet, Gosberton, Quadring,

Bicker, Swineshead, Wigtoft, Sutterton,

dike, Kirton, Fyunpton, Wiberton, and there are carried on several extensive Branches of Bu-finess. Trade, and Commerce, which employ many Thousand People, many of whom contract finail Debts, amounting in the Whole to a large Sum of Money Yearly; and although wrell able to pay the same, they often refuse so to do, presuming on the Discourago-ment their Creditors lie under from the great Expences they are put to in filing for the same in the County Court, which is upwards of Twenty-seven Miles Dii-tant from.any Part of the said Hundred of Kirton; and the Witness said/That if an easy and speedy Method of recovering Small Debts, within the said Hundred, was established, it would tend to promote. Industry, and to support useful Credit therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the several Parishes of Surfleet, Gosberton, Quadring, Donington, Bicker, Swineshead, Wigtoft, Suiter-ton, Algargirk, Fojdike, Kirton, Framptan, Wiberton, and Brothertoft, within the Hundred of in the

Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln: and that Lord Brownlow Bertie, and Mr. Pelham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain open Fields, u.-ampto* Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Inclohue, Parish of Brampton, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brown-low Bertie, Mr. Pelham, &. c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Bouverie reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, Lawiorton the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com- lnddun. mon Downs, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Market Lavington, in the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except several Persons,

W'hose Property in the said Lands is of the Annual Value of £. 259. 1 or. od. who refused to figrrthe Bill; and also, except certain Persons, whole Property in the said Lands is of the Animal Value of £.100, wh<j could not be met with, or live in Ireland; and that the whole Annual Value of the said Lands is £.1,400.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gpne through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his rlace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

And the House being informed. That the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of in Oxford, of the Foundation of King of Henry the Kighth, who petitioned this House upon the nth Day of March left.

Praying to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and which Petition was theh' ordered" to lie upon the Table, until the Report he received frdm- -

AUg

N

'fixpwkk

iacMnit»

17 Geo. ni. 16* Aprilis*409

the Committee to whom the fafct Bill was committed. Ordered That the BHI, with the Amendments, be declined being heard by their Conofd, upon the Re- ingrossed. port of the said Bill?

The Amendments made by the Committee to the An ingossed Bill for opening Communications from wiping laid Bill were Once read throughout; and then a Se- Wapping Street to Ratcliff Highway, by widening * . cond Time, One by One; and, upon the Question the SoutlnWeft End of Bird , and by building severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House, a new Street from Bird , acrofa certain Fields or A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that Gardens, to John's Hill, in Ratcliff Highway aforesaid; nothing therein contained shall impower Persons to in- and another new Street from Wapping Street afore&td, dofetheir Allotments. through GlolcYard, Sampson's Gardent, and from thence

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the to Artichoke Hill, in Ratcliff Highway aforesaid; and Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be another new Street, from OId (&avd Lane, through John-made Part of the Bill. fan's Street, and from thence to Virginia Street; and

Another Clause was offered to be added to the for paving the said intended Streets, and also

Bill, directing Payments to be made to the Dean and tage Street, Gardens, Artichoke Lane, Vir*

Chapter for every Acre of Land laid down m Graft ginia Street, Pennington Street, John's HiU, Artichoke Seed. Hill, Bird Street, Princes Square, and the several

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; Lanes, Avenues, and Pafitaes, leading into the said which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Streets and Square, and the Footway in Cannon Street,

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to all in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Mid-be made Part of the Bill. dlesex;and for removing and preventing all Annoyances

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, and Incroachments therein, was read a Hurd Time, directing Payments to be made to the Dean and Chap- Refo, That the Bill do pafc: And that the Title ter for grating the Land. be, An Act for opening Communications between

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; Wapping Street and Ratcliff Highway, and between.

Which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Old Gravel Lane and Virginia and for paving

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Home to be certain Streets intended to be built, and also certain, made Part of the Bill. other Streets, and public Passages and Placet within

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be the Parities of Saint ad John of

ingrossed. Wapping, in the County of Middlgjkx.

Ordered, That Mr. Byng do cany the Bill to tht- Mr. Butler of Moroni reported from the Committee* Lords, and desire their Concurrence, to whom the Bill far dividing and inclosing the Common, or Waste Ground, cabled Shapwick Moor, or An ingossed B31 for dividing and incfofing the Cowfic

ShaparickTurf Moor, in the Parish of Shapwick, in the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable County of SovKrfkt, Was committed; and to whom the Lands, in the Parish of Condicote, in- the County of Petition of Henry Burgum and Lucas Pultford, Lords Gloucefie was read the Third Time,

of the Manor of Glastonbury Twelve Hides, in the ReJMvcd, That the Biff do pase: And that the Title County of Somersets and also the Petition of the fe- be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and: veral Persons whole Names ate thereunto subscribed; Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in end aHb the Petition of the several Persons whole the Parish of Condicote, in the County of Names are thereunto subscribed, were sevendly re- Ordered, That Sir William Guise do carry the Bill faired; That the Committee had examined, and found to the Lords, and desire their Concturence. that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th

of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been Mr. Charles Dundas reported from the Committee, Kirkty

complied with; and that the Committee had confi- to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing Three

tiered the said Petitions; and had examined the All©- several Moors, or Commons, called Low Gatheriey "ictoiww

gat tons of the Bill, and found the same to be true; Moor, Moor Hohne, and The High Moor, situate in the

and that the Parties concerned had given their Con- several Townships of Kirkby Raoenfioorth,

lent to the Bill, to the Satisfeftion of the Committee and Whajhton, in the Parish of Kirklnf,

(except the Proprietors of 15 Estates intitled to Right in f he North Riding of the County of York, was cem-of Common upon the said Moor, who are either Lease- mitted; That the Committee had examined, and found holdersor Copyholders for Lives under Mr. Rollc, who that the Standing Orders of the House, of the u, of claims to be. Lord of the Manor of Shapwick; of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been and the Proprietor of One Estate, intitled to Right of complied with; and that the Committee had examined Common, a Leasehold Tenant under Mrs. Strangways, the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be who is, or claims to be. Lady of the Manor of the true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Rectory of Shapwick cipn Murlinch, which Persons re- Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; *

fafed their Consent to the Bill; and also except the and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and Proprietors of 8 Estates, intitled to Right of Common made several Amendments thereunto; which they had on the said Moor, who are either Leasehold or Copy- directed him to report to the House; and he read the hold Tenants far Lives under the said Mr. RoUes and Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the the Proprietors of Estates, intitled to Right of Com- Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: mon on the said Moor, and who are Leasehold Tenants Where the Amendments were Once read throughout ^. under the said Mrs. Strangways, who declared them- and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon selves Neuter; and that the whole Number of Estates the Question severally gut thereupon, were agreed to intitled to Right of Common upon the said Moor are by the House.

01); and that the Committee bad gone through the Ordered, That the Bill; with the Amendments, be Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which ingrossed. they had directed him to report to the House; and

he read the Report hi his Place; and afterwards do- Mr. Charles Dundas reported from the Committee, livered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the to whom the Bill far dividing and inclosing the Iadoiwa* Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once Commons and Waste Lands, and a Stinted Bafture, in read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by the Township of Newsham, in the North Riding o£the One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. County of York, was committed; That the Committee were agreed to by the House. had examined, and found that tbs fritting Orders 4f

V*. 36. th*

e

4io \6* A brills > / A. 1777*

the House of the 25th.of April 1774, relative to Bills of inclosure, liad been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 6. Cattle Gates, who refused to sign the Bill; and also except the Proprietor of 1 Cattle Gate, who could not be found; and except the Proprietors of Estates within the said Township, of the annual Value of £. 100, who also refused to sign the Bill; and allb except the Proprietors of Estates, of the annual Value of £.8g, who could not be found; and that the whole Number of Cattle Gates ate 133, and the annual Value of Estates within the said Township is £.1,097; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to of-pofethe Bill) ;and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and marie several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: "Where the.Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the.House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with , the Amendments, be iugrofied.

Perry’* ‘ v Mr. S/rahan presented to the House, according to

Nat* Order, a Bill for naturalizing Maria Perry: And the . same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ashton a Petition of several Persons whose Names are there-ijj^ofure. unto subscribed, on Bcbalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf-tnres, and other Commonable Grounds, in the Mapor and Parish of Ashlon K, in the County of Wilts; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners, being principal Inhabitants, Owners, and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Premises there, and having Right of Common, and other Rights and Privileges, within the said Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Grounds, are fully persuaded, that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law in its present Form, the same will be of material Prejudice to their Rights and Privileges: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, or Agents (as the House shall direct) against such Parts of the said Bill as they shall be advised, and that the same may not pal's into a Law in its present Form and Powers.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that, the Petitioners he heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, agaiull the said Petition.

Mr. Storer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the ac ure. Qpgn fields. Common Paliures, and Moor or Common, in the Parish of Bulmer, in the North Riding of the County of York:And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read i Second Time.

. A Petition of several Inhabitants of the City and

SuStoG Liberty of Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiat*

Church of Saint Piter, in Westminster, to open a Street from the South End of Lyng Dih’lj, to the North End of Smith Street sand to widen Part of Tothill Streep

and of Ixing Ditch aforesaid; and also to widen the Passage between Orchard Street, and the new intended Street, and to make a more commodious Entrance from the Broad Sanctuary into Dean's Yard, within the City and Liberty of Westminster;and Setting forth. That a certain Street called Wood Street, lead ing from MUJoiink Street to Great Peter Street, in the Parish of Saint John the Evangelist, is narrow, and incommodious, and it

would be a great Convenience and Benefit to the Petitioners, the Inhabitants of the said City and Liberty in general, if the find Street was widened, and nuuie safe and commodious for Carriages a fid Pallbngers: AiuLthoiefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Provision may be made in tlje said Bill, for widening the said Street called fl ood Street, by such Ways and Means, and in inch Manner* as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred t« Sir Charles Mr.

Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and lim e Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Blackwell reported from the Committee, to Dutton’* whom the Bill to enable William Dutton, Esquire, his First and other Sons, and their ifi’ue Male, to take, use, and bear, the Name and Anns of Napa', pursuant to the Will of Juries Lenox Dutton, Esquire, deceased; and for making the Exemplification of the Will anil Codicil of the said Janies Lenox Dutton, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, Evidence, in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his PJace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,. were agreed, to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Blackwell reported from the Committee, to whom Shire born* the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

Common Meadows, Pastures, and Common Downs, in 11 le Parishes of S/ureborneand Wuidrin the County of

Gloueester, was comm it ted; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of tire Iloufo, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of . inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrotled.

' ' Mr.

i7 Geo. III.

4 it

Mile-End I>iightly W' such-

Culrivation

of

Common

Ckids.

Ifitton

Inclosure.

V Mr. Gafeoyne prtferlled to the House, according to Order, u Bill for lighting and watching the Hamlet of Mile End Old Town, in the Parish of Saint Stepney, otherwise Stebonheath, in the County of Mid-

dltfei: And the same was received; and read thp First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Herljerl Mackworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the further advancing the Cultivation, Improv&nent, and Regulation, of the Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, and Commons of Paiiurc, in this Kingdom, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dii ected him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question l’everally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Beauchamp reported from the Committee, to w hom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common, or Waste Ground, called llalton Moor, in the Township of in the Manor of

Templeneufam, in the Parish of Whitkirke, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Comrtiittee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the I Ioufe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the 1 Ioufe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroll'ed.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Failures, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Great Sturton, in the County of Lincoln which Bill was, upon Monday the 24th Day of March last, read a Scpond Time and committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to promote the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more speedy and effectual building, re-building, repairing, or purchasing Houses, and other necessary Buildings and Tenements, for the L'le of their Benefices: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Little A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pechell and Mr. Creflingham IJett:

Inclolnre.. . Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

VOL, 36. v

Great

Sturton

Inclosure.

Clerfy

Residence.

for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Heaths, Half-year Lands, and otller Commonable Meadows, Paftiires, and Grounds, within the Parish of Little CrcJfmgham in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Moors; Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying within the Manor and Parish o f Far lam, in the County of Cumberland;

without any Amendment: And also;

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Moors; Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying within the Manor, and Parish of Brampton, in the County of without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Trent, in the Lordships of and Iwng Eaton, in the County of Derby, to or near Langley Bridge, in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed to be . made between the Right honourable George Lord Onjlowand Cranleyand William Luck, Gentleman, and

Edmund Luck, his Son; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House ! And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Pieces or Parcels off Ground, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, Part of the settled Ellate of William Wheatley, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold to Sir Sampson Gideon, Baronet, pursuant to Agreement; and for laying out the Money arising by Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees and their Heirs, certain Estates of Philip Jones and Robert Berkeley, Esquires, in the Counties of Kent and Sussex, in order to sell the same, and, with Part of the Purchase Money, to discharge certain Incumbrances thereon; and for laying out the Residue of the Purchase Money in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the said Estates to be sold Hand limited; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Vesting certain Messuages and Hereditaments, in the several Parishes of Kirkwhclpington, and -

bume, in the County of Northumberland, late Part of the Estate of Sir John Swinburne, Baronet# deceased; in Trustees and their Heirs, in Trust, to be sold; discharged from the Uses, Trulls, Charges, and Powers; in the Will of the said John Swinburne mentioned; and for applying the Money to arise by Sale thereof, in the Manner therein mentioned; and for other Purposes therein expressed; to which the Lords deiirc the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir William Hamilton and Dame Catharine his Wife, in Trustees, to sell or exchange the fame; and for laying out the Money to arise by Sale thereof, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir William Hamilton, and Dame Catharine his Wife, in Trustees,

to sell or exchange the fame; and for laying out the Money to arise by Sale thereoficin the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Art

Farhrjt

Idclosure.

Bramptoil

inclosure.

Siwlejl" Navigation*

Lord Onslow's (and others) Exchange.

Whfeatley’s

Estate*;'4

Tones

and

Berkeley’!

Estates.

Swinburne*!

Estates.

Hamilton's

Estates.

Di«tt;

4-12

Swiabumc'* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act fiiaie. for vesting certain Messuages and Hereditaments, in the several Parishes of and

Simonbume, in the County of Northumberland, late Part of the Ell ate of Sir John Swinburne, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees and their Heirs, in Trull, to be sold, discharged from the Uses, Trulls, Charges, and Powers, in the Will of the said John Sioinbume mentioned; and for applying the Money to arise by Sale thereof in the Manner therein mentioned; and for other Purposes therein expressed, was read the Pirft Time.

Jle/olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act *"*’ for vetting certain Pieces or Parcels of Ground and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, Part of the settled Ellate of William Wheatley, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold to Sir Sampson Gideon, Baronet, pursuant to Agreement , and for laying out the Money arising by Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Lands, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

LwS 6b1ow*» An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act (ndmhtn) for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed to Exchange. between the Right honourable George Lord

A. 1777:

Onjtoic and Cratfiey, and William Luck, Gentleman, and ’

Edmund Luck, his Son, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is Wrenirgfcia concerned in the Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- - h*®4* closing, the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Wreningham, in the County of Norfolk;

which Bill was, upon Wednesday lall, reported from the Committee, to whom the same h&i been committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

The House being informed that Mr. Speer, from the Account! 5 Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called inj Dispositioa and, at the Bar, prelfented to the House, pursuant to Graa*-their Order,

An Account, lliewing how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 1776, has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 18th Day of April 1777, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was reak^.

The said Account is as follow eth; viz.

16' Aprilis.

O

Air

1

e

,1

F

o

r*

u

An ACCOUNT, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1776 haa been disposed of, distinguistied under the several Heads, until the 18th Day

of April 1777, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

E R V I C E S:

ffor the Wage* and Wear and Tear of the Nary, and the Victualling thereof, for 98,000 Men, including 6,665 Marine*, from i»t

of January 1776

For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marina Officers, for the Year 1776 £*/ Towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty's Yards, and other extra Works, over and above

►g \ what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1776.

I For the Support and Relief of Seamen, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, not provided for in Greenwich Hospital ——

-Towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy

1,383,200 — —

426,904 19 6

339.151 -

L

Ot

o

(Q

N

CD

CL

cr

O

O

W

FT

21

8 s For Ordnance Sea Service ....

|,) For Ditto Land Service ——

*1 i For defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament

0 in 1775.....-....

For defraying the Charge of 20,75a Men for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, for the Year 1776 ——

For maintaining His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Neujoundland, and Gibraltar, The Ceded Islands, and Africa, for the Year 1776 ------- ,- ——

For defraying the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Establishment of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Six Regiments of Foot, serving in NorthAmeiica, for the Year 1776 -

For the Pay of General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1776 -

Towards defraying the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1776 -

For the reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1776 ——

For defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Iiorse Guards, for the Year 1776 -

For Pensions to the Widows of the reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1776 -

For defraying the Charge of Levy Money for the Augmentation of His Majesty’s British and Irish Forces, for the Year 1776 -Towards defraying the Charge of Levy Money for the said Augmentation, for the same Year -

For defraying the Charge of several Augmentations to His Majesty's Forces, from their respective Commencements to the 24th Day of December 1775 ——

Towards defraying the Charge of several Augmentations to His Majesty’s Forces, from their respective Commencements to the said 24th Day of December 1775 ——

For defraying the Charge of Six Regiments of Foot from Ireland, and of several Augmentations to His Majesty's Forces, from their respecthe Commencement* to the 24th Day of December 1776 -

Towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services, incurred between the 9th Day of March 1775 and the 31st Day of January 1776, and not provided for by Parliament -

For defraying the Charge of a Regiment of Highlanders of Two Battalions, to be raised for the Year 1776

For defraying the Charge of Five Hanoverian Battalions of Foot, at Gibraltar and Minorca, from the 1st Day of September 1775 to the 24th Day of December following ——

For defray ing the Charge of Five Hanoverian Battalious of Foot, at Gibraltar and Minorca, for the Year 1776

For defraying the Charge of 12,394 Men, the Troops of the Landgrave of Ilcsse Cassel, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy for the Year 1776, pursuant to Treaty -

For defraying the Charge of the Artillery of the Landgrave of Ilesse Cassel, in the Pay of Great Britain, for the Year 1776, pursuant In Treaty ——

.For defraying the Charge of Levy Money for the said Artillery of the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel, for the Year 1776 -

7*3»432 1* 73

4»>5So 19 4

11.505 7 3

107,51^ IO --

97.575 12 —

850 19 6

60S-----

89,063 14 — 15»72 12 —

80,984 13 2

7.938 15 —

137.448 7 —

8+5.i65,

47>4o0 j 2

a6>783 je 46>83i

381,887 + 16

+'24+ 19

H

9

5i

6

Sums voted.

£ d.

3.154.255 19 6

545.627 i* S

Sums paid.

£. t.

3,099,967 19 4J-

545,62710 5

Remains to be paid.

£ d.

Gi,?88 7 i|

17 Geo. III. i<5° Aprilis. 413

o

a

(Q

i — h

n'

CD

Q_

CT

o

o

o

00

rT

rFor defraying the Charge of a Regiment of Foot of Hanau, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 6th Day of March 1776 to the 24th

Day of December following, together with Subsidy, pursuant to Treaty.----

For defraying the Charge of the Artillery of Hunau, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 1st of May 1776 to the 04th of December following ——

For defraying the Charge of 4,300 Men, the Troops of the Duke of Brunswick, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy for the Year 1776, pursuant to Treaty ——

For defraying the Charge of a Regiment of Foot of Waldeck, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, pursuant to - Treaty from the sad of April 1776 to the 24th Day of Decaster following -

19,006 19 3i

3,383 6 8

121475 12 1

16483 1 — 1

- \

o

0>

N. B. As the Fraction of a Farthing cannot be paid, the £th of a Penny in the Amount of the Sum charged for the Forces is omitted.

For maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of Arora Scotia, for the Year 1776 ....

For the Charges of the Civil Establishment of Georgia, and other incidental Expence* attending the same, from the 24th of June 1775 to the 24th of

June 1770 ....

For the Charges of the Civil Establishment of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the same, from the 24th of June 1775 to the

24th of June 1776....

For the Charges of the Civil Establishment of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the same, from the 24th of June 1775

to the 24th of June 1776....

For the Expence of the Civil Establishment of the Government of fsenegambia, for the Year 1776....

For defraying the Expences attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in AorM dflimcs, for the Year 1776

For the Expences of the new' Roads of Communication and building Fridges in the Highlands of North Britain, for the Year 1776

Tow ards enabling the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, to maintain the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them ——

For repairing, maintaining, and supporting, the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa --

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum, which has been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses -

To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for-paying Annuities granted Anno 1758, on the 5th Day of July 1775 - -

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty granted for the Service of the Year 1774 at Lady Day 1776 ——

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax granted for the Service of the Year 1774 at Michaelmas 1776 -

To make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1775 ——

Towards the extraordinary Expence of His Majesty's Mint, pursuant to an Act 90 Georgii 3^ ——

To make good the Deficiency of the Sum granted by Parliament in the Year 1774, for calling in and recoining the deficient Gold Coin of this Realm, in . pursuance of His Majesty’s Proclamation of the 24 th of June 1774 ——

To pay off and discharge the principal Sum of £. 1,250,000 in Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act 150 Georgii 3tU and charged upon the First Aids granted for the Service of the Year 1776, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same ——

For Discount on prompt Payments, after the Rate of ^.3 per Cent. per Annum, to the Contributors of ,£.2,000,000 raised by Annuities and a Lottery -To the Rank of England, for receiving the said ,£.2,000,000, #c. and for the Incident Charges attending the preparing and drawing the Lottery, and for taking in Tickets, and delivering out Certificates in lieu thereof ——

To enable His Majesty to defray any-extraordinary Expences incurred, or to be incurred, on account of Military Services for the Year 1776, fyc. and to make good the Charges which shall be incurred in calling in and recoining the Remainder of the deficient Gold Coin, viz*

To the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, on account of Military Services -

To the Master and Worker of -His Majesty’s Mint -

Towards satisfying the Services unpaid.

There remains in the Exchequer, of Contributions to the Lottery

3.500,3 66 19 6f

4.246 10 5 3,086-----

4.950 -

4.950 -

5.550 -

1,885 4 —

6,996 10 2

2,000 — 13,000 — 7*o6 —

44,096 5

189,778 12 281,082 7 37,348 12 7,475 6

3i

10I

n

7

5

92,42114 nj

1.276,37° — i

4,787 3 —

13,561 11 8

970,000 — < — 30,000 — —

10,195,34a 18 6}

3>5<x>.366 >9 H

4,346

3,086

4.950

4.950

1,885

6,996

3,000

13,000

7,406

44,096

189,778

281,082

37,348

7.475

10 5

4 —

IO 2

- si

5 10J 13 —

7 8|

13 7

6 5

93,431 14 n}

1,570,364

4,787

13 — i

3 —

11,961 11 8

970,000 — — 30,000 — -

10,136,798 14 4j

5,550 — —

5 17 — 1,600 — —

Deficiency of the Ways and Means to answer the Services

68,444 4 ij

7,155 *7 —

61,388 7 ij

3

k!

to

414 16* JpriUs. A. 1777.-

t

to

WAYS and MEANS towards answering the fame; viz.

£ ' *-

750,000 — — By the Malt Duty, continued Anno 1776.

*,000,000 — — By \sk. per Lib. on Land.

*,000,000 — By Annuities and Lottery.

9*0,441 1 if

*.*37>4*8 3 i° *M44 4 3* *4,351 10 —

! 4.372 17 "

*,905 8 2

Remaining in the Exchequer of the Sinking Fund, on the 5th of April 1776, for the Disposition of Parliament.

Of the future Produce of the said Sinking Fund.

Of Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for Disposition of Parliament.

Of Monies arisen by Sale of Lands in the Ceded Islands.

Out of the Produce of the Duties upon Gum Senega and Gum Arabic.

Out of the Produce of the several Duties directed by Acts of Parliament to be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, towards tl\e Expences of defending, protecting, and securing, the British Colonies and Plantations in America.

1,500,000 — —

1,000,000 — — 15.07* 12 —

7.93* 15 —

By Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the next Aids to be granted in Parliament. By Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the next Aids to be granted in Parliament. Out of Savings of the Grants in the last Session of Parliament, for the Charge of an Augmentation to His Majesty's Forces, and for the Charge of Levy Money for the Augmentation of Major General Preston's Regiment of Light Dragoons. Out of Savings of the Grant in last Session of Parliament for the Charge of an Augmentation to His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year 1775.

io,i33.954 11 4i

t>i,*88 7 ij Deficiency of Ways and Means.

10,105,*4* 18 6J

o

MetHdvm*

The Arrears ef former Sepplies remaioing unpaid, for which Money isprorided/ are as follow; vis.

£. 9. d.

For the late Marine Regiments 10,506 5 of

For the late African Company's Creditors - 900 10 10

For Georgia, Bills, Residue of £. 15*496. 19 s. td.f - - - 570 17 7f

Towards building a Lazaret ----- - 5,000 — —

For Compensation to Franck Dolby, for certain Damages snstained by him - 6,195 811

*3»i73 4 6i

Presented this 18th Day of April 1777, by me

W. spur.

17 Geo. III. 16* . 415

4i 6

i6° dprilis.

A- '11

Ordered, That the said Accoant do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Fehhorpt Sir Edward Aftley reported from the Committee, to

Inclosure. whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Dole or Heath Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within, the Parish of Fclthorpe, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the l louse, of the 25th o I 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands assessed to the Land Tax at £.23. 15 per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also except the Owners of Lands affected to the Land lax at 21. 5

per Annum, who could not be met with; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed are assessed to the Land Tax at £. 191. 10 per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That no Land shall be allotted to the Lord of the Manor for Dole Lands.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring that the present Roads shall not be discontinued until new ones are fct out.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Workington Mr. Fletcher reported from the Committee, to whom Harboor. the Bill for amending, enlarging, deepening, preferring, and improving, the Harbour of Workington, in the County of Cumberland, and for discharging certain Debts already contracted on account of the said Harbour, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

The Firfi Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by adding at the End thereof, these Words: " the Limits and Extent of the Harbour of " Workington aforesaid, shall from thenceforth for ever " thereafter extend and be as follows; that is to say, " Beginning kt the North End of a Pier proposed to be built, pointing North East by North, from, at, " or near the present fraall Bulwark at the Timber " Yard Quay, to be 100 Feet West from the present Frame Work, from thence in aftraight Line to the " North End of the Merchants Quay, from thence " no Yards along the West Side of the Merchants " Quay, from thence 340 Yards in a straight Line " pointing to the North West Corner of Elizabeth " Poiv*s House, in Workington aforesaid, from thence " 73 Yards in Length in a Line nearly South, from " thence 240 Yards in Length in a straight Line to " the East End of the present Quay on Pricjtgate " Mar/h, from thence along the present Bread Works 18

" of the South Quay, on Priefgate and the " Land belonging to the Rectory of aforesaid, to a Point 33 Yards North from the Northernmost Hurry or Spout tipon the said South Quay,

" from thence in a straight Line 103 Yards to the " South End of a Mole or Pier at or near the East " Corner of the present Timber Yard, from thence in " a straight Line along the said Pier to the said North " End thereof, where it began: and that the Wharfs " upon the Lower Cloffacks, Priefg Marsh, and the said Land belonging to the Rectory of Workington aforesaid, shall extend 20 Yards in Breadth from the " Bread Walls of the said Wharfs; and that"

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for repeating so much of an Turnpike Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, wheels.

" and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the- General " Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike " Roads in that Part of Great Britain called,

" and for other Purposes," as is to subject Carriages having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gauge than Six Riches to the Payment of Double Tolls, be read a Second Time upon Morning

next.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Welford Fields and Commonable Places of and within the Pa- Inctofiue. rish of Welford in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commonable Places of and within the Parish of Welford, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Knight Icy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting and inclos- Wreningktm ing, the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish Indofuxe. of Wreningham, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of ningham, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Coke of Norfolk do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the WeKoa Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lauds, Cow Colville Pasture or Shrub, Town Green, Heath, and Waste IndoAirc* Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of ville, in the County of Cambridge, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Sir John Ilyiule Cotton, Mr. Pen ton,&c.: And they aie to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according Exportation to Order, a Bill to revive and continue such Part of an ot Wheat, Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, kc*

" An Act for allowing the Exportation of certain " Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to His Majesty’s Selgar Colonies in America, and to the Istand " of Saint Helena, and to the other Settlements belong-'

" ing to the United Company of Merchants of England " trading to The East Indies-, and of Biscuit and Pease " to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and

" brador-, and for indemnifying all Personswith respect

" to advising or carrying into execution His Majesty’s " Orders of Council already made, for allowing the " Exportation of Wheat and other Articles," as expired on the First Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven: And the same was received; and read the Firil Time.

*7 Geo. III.

l8* ApriliS.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

Mr. Speaker resume^ the Chair. Sir Charles Whitworth rei

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pechetl and Mr. That they had come to a

Harvey*!

fcihtej.

1Ten r

Mr. Weaker,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Veiling the real and^personal Estate of John Gentleman, a Lunatic, in Trullees, in Trull, to fell

4*7

in the Committee* which they had

directed him to report *when I he House will please to receive the same., ... ... , . *

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also iacquainted the House*

lb much thereof as will be fuilicient for the Payment That he was directed by the Committee to move, that of the Debts and Legacies of John Harvey, his late they may have Leave to fit again.

Waterheufc’s Chari tie*.

Egerton’t

Estate.

Father, deceased, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for uniting and better regulating the Charities of Nathaniel Waterhouse, within the Town and Parish of in

Jackson’i

Estate.

Clark*

Sflatcs.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of ."Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

That this House will, Upon Morn-

the West Riding of the County of York; to which the ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, House, to consider of a Drawback to be allowed upon The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Exportation of Tea to upon the Expiration

Sale of the settled Estate of Philip Egerton, Esquire* of the Drawback which is aUpwed thereon by an Act in the County of Flint; and for investing the Money made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the Majesty. same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence

of this House: And also. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported

The Ixirds have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act to from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it enable William Jackson and Hannah his Wife to carry was referred to consider further of the Supply granted into execution an Agreement for Sale of certain Here- to His Majesty, the Refutations which the Committee ditaments, situate at or near Barney, in the County of Norfolk (being their settled Estate) to Richard Reeve the Younger, Gentleman; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses to which the said settled Estate doth now Hand limited; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act to confirm and establish Articles of Agreement, for a Partition or Division of Lands and Hereditaments, in

the Counties of Northampton and Warwick, the Estates of John Clarke, Esquire, and Mary his late Wife, deceased; and for settling the same to the Uses therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

Export.tioi of Tea.

Supply*

flu!*

Estate*.

had directed him to report to the Iipufe; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of Jhis Committee* That the Sum of Six hundred and Eighteen thousapa Three hundred and Forty Pounds Nine Shillings and Six Pence Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, to discharge the Arrears and Debts due and owing upon the Civil List, on the Fifth Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Seventydevep.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,* That, for the better Support of His Majesty’s House-hold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, there be granted to His Majesty, during His Life, out

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for of the Aggregate Fund, the clear Yearly Sum of One

Ditto.

discharging Part of the settled Estates of Thomas Hull, Esquire, in the Counties of Dand Devon, from the Uses and Trusts of his Marriage Settlement; and for settling other Estates in the County of Devon in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging Part of the settled Estates of Thomas Hull,

hundred thousand Pounds, to commence from the Fifth Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, over and above the Yearly Sum of Eight hundred thousand Pounds, granted by an Act made in the First Year of His Majesty's Reign.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

The House was mound. That the Entry in the Journal of the House, iPthe gd Day of April i of the Motion for an Address to be prefen ted to His

Esquire in the Counties of Dorset and Devon; from the Majesty, relating to the Expences of His Majesty's Uses and Trusts of his Marriage Settlement; and for Civil List, might be read;

Way. and Means.

settling other Estates in the County, of Devon, in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill b« read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Mon^y remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on thfe 5th Day of April 1777, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Surplufes, Exeeffes, Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, of the Fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund, after satisiying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Vol. 36.

And the same was read accordingly;

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yea, {

Tellers for the Noes, j CmenW-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That a BjjJ be brought in upon the last civil List* of the said Resolutions: And that the Lord North,

Mr. Charles Toton/hend, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr.

Cornwall, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General,

Mr. Jenkinson, Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. Robinson, and Sir Charles Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the 50 Committee*

1

23*‘

109.

i8° — ‘2i° Aprilis* .4-

Kfnfinjton Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Uc-Poor. lief, Employment, Regulation, and Government of the Boor of the Parish of Saint Mary in the County of Middlefe and for building a \V ork-

house for the Reception of the said Poor: and also for enabling the Trustees for the Time being of certain Charity Estates, belonging to the said Parish, to

Srrant Leases thereof, and to manage and improve the ame, and apply the Rents and Profits thereof, in the Manner therein mentioned; and for explaining and amending an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to empower thcChurch- wardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Vest'ry, of the " Parish of Kensington, in the County of to

"make a Rate or Rates, for the Relief of the Poor, " and the better repairing of the Highways, and cleansing the Streets within the said Parish," is committed.

Waterhoaft'* Ah ingrossed Bill froi?^the Lords, intituled, An Act

Charities. for uniting and better regulating the Charities of Nathaniel Waterhouse, within the Town and Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of , \yas read the First Time.

Refolded, That the' Bill be read a Second Time.

Hamy’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for veiling the fieal and personal Estate of John Harvey, Gentleman, a Lunatic, in Trustees, in Trust, to fell so much thereof as will be sufficieiit for the Payment of tfte Debts and Legacies of John , his

late Father, deceased, and for other Pufposes therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for fixing the Rates of Compbiition for Statute Service.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled, up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bilk

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting and in* Fdthorpe doling, the Dole or Heath I^aiuls, Commons, and Inclosur* Waste-Grounds, within the'Parish of in -the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Rijblved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Dole or Heath Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Felthorpe, in the County of so(/<:

Ordered, That Sir Edward Ajlley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Stanton Common Fields, Meadow s, Pastures, Commons, and ladufury. Commonable 1-antis, within the Manor and Parish of Stanton Saint John, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pallures, Commons, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Stanton Saint John, in the County of Oxford-

Ordered, That Mr. Page do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-

tt|ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ’ House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Mom ing next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 21® d;

An ingrossed Bill for confirming'Exchanges of Lands Wendover and Tithes of and in the Open and uninclosed Com- Inclosure. mon Fields, within the Manor and Parish of Wendover, in the County of Buckingham: and foreilablishing and securing certain Annual Payments in lieu of Tithes, was read the Third Time.

Rejblvtd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for confirming Exchanges of Lands and Titlies of and in the Open and uninclosed Common Fields, within the Manor and Parish of Wendover, in the County of Buckingham: and for establishing and securing certain Annual Payments in lieu of Tithes.

Ordered, That the Earl Verney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Orateney,

Dumfries,

Icc.

Roads.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Sheriff's to enable the Feoffees and Trustees of an Estate, in the Charity. County of Middlesex, given by Laicrence Sheriff, lor the founding and maintaining a School and Alms

MAJOR Laurie reported from the Committee, Houses at Rugby, in the County of Warwick, to fell to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the . Part of the said Estate, or to grant Leases thereof, or of from Grateney to Moffat, and thence to the Con- any Part thereof, and to efl’eftuate the other Pur poles fines of the County of Dun fries, with the Counties of therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Peebles and Lanark, and the Road from Dumfries to Resolved, That the Bill, wit h the Annulments, do pass.

Moffat; and also the Road from Annan to Langholm; ’ Ordered, That Mr. do carnCSlhe Bill to the

and for converting the Statute Labour within the said Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed County of Dumfries into Money, and for applying the to the fame, with some Amendments; to which same towards repairing the Highways within the same Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence County, was committed; That the Committee bad of their Lordships. examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone An ingrossed Bill for dividing and ‘inelofing Three Kiikby through the Bill, and made several Amendments there- several Moors, or Commons, called Low Ravenfu-onh

unto, which they had directed him to report to the Moor, Moor Holme, and The High Moor, situate in the lucljfur*. House; and he read the Report in his Place; and af- several Townshipsof

terwards delivered the Bill, with’ the Amendments, in and in the Parish of Kirkby Ravensworth, in

at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were the North Riding of the County of was read*.the Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One Third Time.

by One; and, upon the Question severally put there- Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title upon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, be, An Act for dividing and inclosing Three several with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the Moors or Commons, called Low Galherlcy Moor, Moor House. Holme, and The High Moor, situate in the several

ax Townships,

Anno 17* Georgii 4T Regis, 1777. Prayers.

*7

Geo. III.

21

419

Market

Lavington

Intlouirc.

HowteU

Indofute.

JackCsn’t

Ettuct.

Townships of KirkbyRavcfifivorlh, Raxeisworth-, arid ham in <he County of Choker,'was committed; and to

WhaJhton,\i\the Parish of Kirkby RavenJ'w&rth, in the whom the Petition'of Emmanuel Rage, Vicar

North Riding of the County of York. jU>f the Vicarage or Tarish Church of in the

Ordered, That Mr. Dundasdo carry the Bill to the ""County of C/iefer ± and also the Petition of the fevetal

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Downs, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Market in the County' of Wilts; was read the Third Time.

FardeflWd

inclosnrc.

Hoxton

Square

Assessincat.

Persons 'whole! Names ace thereunto l'ubscribed, being the Owners and Proprietors of several ancient Terie-merits and Lands, in the several Tdwnships of Kingsley. Noriey, - and Cram tan, wit h i n the: Manor and lee ol’ Kingsley, in the County of Chester, were severally referred:*, Thdt the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 2 5th of

Resolved, That the Bill do pals-: And that the Title April 1774; relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been combe, An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying-in. Se- plied-wi^y and that thei Committee had consideredth

.veralty, the Open Common-Fields, Common Meadows, Common Downs, Watte I^andg, and Commoinable Places, within the Parish of Market Lavifigton, iti the County of li'ilts.

Ordered, That Mr: Bouverie do tfarry the Bill tdtthe Lords, and desire their Concurrence* , . .»

said Petitions; arid had examined the Allegations the Billv arid found the faarpe to be true; and that the Parties.concerned had given-their Consent to the Bill; to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of> I^ands, haring Right of Common tipon the Lhmfeto be inclosed, Vifefled to the Land Tax at thd

An ingrossed Bill for moil or Moor, called Hon

in the Parish of Kirk nett ton, in the County© iNorihum-Land Tax, are of the Annual Vifue of £.259.175.4d.); herlatid, was read the Tlrird Tiiqe.; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill/

1 Resolved, That the Bill do pass,}, And that the Title and made several Amendments thereunto, which they be. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common, or had directed him to report to the House; and he road Moor, called HowteU Common, alias Houfdon, in the the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Parish oi Kirk newton, in the County of Northumber- Bill, with*, the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabled

land. v Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clavering do carry the and them a Second Time, One by One; and* uponthd

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Question severally. put thereupon, One of them as

disagreed to, and the rest yvere agreed to, by the House;

A Bill for dividing and inclpfing the Open Fields, and several Amendments yvere made, by the House, to Meadows, Common Pastures, Forest, and Walle the Bilk ’ '' .

Grounds, in the.Parish of Farnesfield, in the County of Nottingham, yva* read a Second Time.

RcJbLved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Frederick Montagu, Lord Edward Bentinck, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Aril

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bd ingrossed*-

> *,; ‘ . ‘ J .' .: »»

1

An ingrossed Bill for the further advancing the Cub* tivatibh, Improvement, and Regulation, of.’ the Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, and Commons hfPatiure, in this Kingdom, was read- tKe* Third Time; Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

to enable William Jack fan and Hannah his Wife to carry be. An Act for the further advancing-the Cultivrt&bn,

into execution an Agreement for Saleof certain Hereditaments, filuate at or near Barney, in the County of Norfolk (being their settled Estate) to Richard Reeve, the Younger, Gentleman; and for laying out the Money arising by l’uch Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses to which the said settled Estate doth now stand limited; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Alderman Hayley reported from the Committee, to yvhom the Bill for inclosing and embellilHing the Middle Part of Hoxton Square, in the Parish of

Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex; and be, An Act for dividing1 and inclosibg-the Open* and for extinguishing all Right of Common in and upon the said Square, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to <the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deliveredthe Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by

ing.

Engfley,

See

Iadofure.

Cultivation

Cwnmoii

Field*.

Improvement, and Regulation, of the Common Arabld Fields, Common Meadows, and Commons of Pasture, in this Kingdom. ‘

Ordered, That Sir Richard Sutton do carry the* BUI to the Lords, and.desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Qperf and Conunon Fields, Common Meadows* Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, Tying and being in Wykeham and Caudu ell, in the Parish of ley, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third-Time.; .

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title'

Wykeham

and

CaudweTl . IndofUrfe.

Common Fields, Common Meadbws; Common Pastures, and other Commonable.Lands, lying and b'elftg in Wykeham, and Caudwell, in the Parish of Rothleyl in the County of Leicester. ,t

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do carry the Bill - tb the Lords, and desire their Concurrence; 1 1 -

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morti- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hri&fe, to.consider of the Petition of William Flamank

yj — i -- 9 J '

One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, and Sarah Harry, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and ingrossed. Open Fields, Common Meadoyvs, and Common Paf-

tures, in the Manor and Parish of Grafton Undertooood', Mr. Pennantreported from the Committee, to whom in the County of Northampton, yvas read a Second Time;

the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain That the Bill be committed to the Lord

Commons or Waste Grounds, within the several Mr. &c.: And they are to meet

Townships of Kingsley, Newton near Kingsley, Noi'ley, this Afternoon, at Five-of the Clock, in the Speaker’s and CVttc/o/t, in the Puriftics oi Frodjhamnnd Weaver- Chamber*

Harry’s Debt to the Crowo.

Grafton

Underwood

lndofare.

VOL. 36.

An

Shapwick

Inclosurt.

42a JfyfiHit.Ji. 1777.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common or Waste Ground called Moor, or

wick Turf Moor, in the Parish of Shapwick, in the , County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pads: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common or Waste Ground called Sha Moor, or Shapwick Turf Moor, in the Parish of Shapwick, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Buller, of Mortal do carry the Bill to the Lords, add desire their Concurrence.

iPinfenry, A Petition of the Commissioners of Sewers for the *c' limits of Holborn and Divisions, in the

wcn* County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and readj taking Notice of the Bill for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, to make proper Drains and Sewers in the Pre-bendal Estate of Firfoury and Hatliwell, in the Suburbs of the said.City, and for other Purposes therein men- , tinned; and letting forth, That, if the same should pals into a. Law as it is now formed, it will be extremely prejudicial to‘foe Inhabitants of the said Divisions of Finsbury and Halliwell, and lay a greater Burthen on them or on their Landlords, in respect of their Estates there, and will also interfere with and prevent the due execution of the Laws now in being, re-WivO to the Public Sewers within the said Divisions: And therefore praying, That they may have Leave to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill; and that they may receive such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the COnsideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition,.if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inftrqetkm to the said Com-. mi Wee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the ’ same Tithe, in- falvour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed

Ham (buy A Petition of Joseph Elderton, Esquire.was presented

Judafiirt. to the House and rfead; taking Notice Of the Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Grounds, in the Tythings or Liberties of Rawfoury Town, Park Town, Whittonditch, Eafiridge, ted Baydon, within the Manor of in the County of Wilts-, and setting forth, That the Petitioner has material Objections thereto; and that his Consent indeed does appear to the fame, but that it was incautiouOy given, the Bill having been for the first Time left for his Perusal late over Night, and the Person who solicited the same calling for such Consent early the next Morning, in which Time the Petitioner had not had sufficient Opportunity to consider the fame; and alleging, that he has sinceobserved a Clause in the said Bill, directing the Commissioners to apportion to some or one of the other Proprietors (upon Re-

?uifition made) in the chief Parts of a certain Common 'iekl therein mentioned, to which the Petitioner apprehends he has a better, or at least an equal Claim, as almost all his present Field Property is in that Field: And therefore praying. That such Clause may be rejected, or such other Relief given as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Egerton’t An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Eiktc. for the Sale of the settled Estate of Philip Egerton, Esquire, in the County of Flint , and for inveiling the 22

Money in the PnrcRafe of other EftatCs, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according t& ChamaUe Order, a Bill to oblige the Minister and Churchwar-deiis, or other proper Officers, in every Parish. and Place within that Part of Great Britain called to make Returns upon Oath of all Charitable Donations for the Benefit of poor Persons within such respective Parishes or Places; distinguishing, as far as may be, by whomj when, and in what Manner, and Tor what Purposes, given; like wife whether such respective Donations were in Land or Money, and in whom now veiled, and what is the Annual Produce tHereof respectively: And-the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ail ingtoiled Bill ij^in the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees and their Heirs certain Estatei _ _

of Philip Jones and Robert Berkeley, Esquires, in the Counties of Kent and Sujftx, in order to sell the same,’ and, with Part of the Purchase Money to discharge certain Incumbrances' thereon j and for laying out toe Residue of the Purchase Money in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the foio Estates to be sold Hand limited, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to promote the ttefidence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more speedy and Residenc* effectual building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing,

Houses, and other necessary Buildings and Tenements,' for the Use of their Benefices, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Ord, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, aC Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is Ne«>fca« concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, and a Stinted Pa It u re, in the Township of Nerosham, in the North Riding of the County of York; which Bill was, upon Friday last, reported from the Committee, to whom the same had . been committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

The Lord North presented to the House, by His Landgrave Majesty’s Command; ofr^'<

A Report of the Demands of the Landgrave of Hesse, for the Hospitals established laid War for the Sick and Wounded of his Troops, dated March the 24th, 1777; And also,

General Specification of Hospital Demands, amounting to £. 41,820. 14s. 5 d.And also,

N° 1. A Paper intituled, " Foreigti Hospitals,

" FreburgAnd also,

N° 2. A Paper, intituled, " Foreign Hospitals,

" Garrison Hospital at BrunswicAnd also,

N° 3. A Paper, intituled, " Foreign Hospitals,

Military Chelt of Brunswic And also,

N° 4. A Paper, intituled, " Foreign Hospitals,

" Duke of Brunswic Light Troops." And also,

N° 5. A Paper intituled, " Foreign Hospitals, Mr.

" Demjlorff, SurgeonAnd also,

N° 6. A Paper, intituled, " Foreign Hospitals,

Brunswic ShippersAnd also,

N*7,

itizec/by i^.

17 G EO. III. 21 Aprilis.

421

N° 7. A Paper, intituled " Foreign IJospitals, Mrs. Elim/enAnd also,

N° 8. A Paper, intituled, " Foreign Hospitalsj Mr. Andrea And also,

N° 9. A Paper, intituled, " Foreign Hospitals, Selperth And also,

N° 10. A Paper, intituled, " Foreign Hospitals, Mr. Ei'ers, of Verden;"And also,

N° 11. A Paper, intituled, " Foreign Hospitals, Hanbun/ and llalfey And also,

N° 12. A Paper, intituled, " Foreign Hospitals, L. A. CitjfanAnd also,

N° 13. A Paper, intituled, " Foreign Hospitals of the Chancery of Lippe And also,

N° 14. A Paper, intituled, " Foreign Hospitals, the: Magistrate of FrilzlarAnd also,

N° 15. A Paper, intituled, " Foreign Hospitals

MelTrs. Benecke Rhane, &c.And also,

N° 16. A Paper*, intituled, " Foreign Hospitals, Burghers of LipjtadtAnd also,

K# 17. A Paper, intituled, " Foreign Hospitals, Doctor BrotvningAnd also,

N° 18. A Paper, intituled, " Foreign Hospitals, Hanoverian Shippers:" And also,

N° 19. A Paper, intituled, " Foreign Hospitals, the Shippers of Lippe Detmol And also, N* 20. A Paper, intitided, " Foreign Hospitals, Bremen ShippersAnd also,

N* 21. A Paper, intituled, " Foreign Hospitals, Prussian MindenShippers And also,

N° 22. A Paper, intituled, " Foreign Hospitals, G. H. Brauer."

And the Titles of the said Papers were read*

The said Papers are as followeth; viz.

Landgrave of

Hesse’s

Claim*.

U

In Obedience to the Orders of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, dated the 19th of October

1766,1 proceeded to examine the Accounts of the Foreign Hospitals in Germany, which remained unpaid

4 at the End of the lait War.

H.

The greatest Part of these Accounts I had transi&itted to the Commissioners for the German Demands, who returned them to me in 1765, with such other Hospital Demands as had been laid before them by the respective Claimants.

These, with my Accounts of the Monies received and expended by me in this Department, I delivered to the Auditor of the Imprefts, in Obedience to the Commands of the Lords of the Treasury, signified to me on the 7th o (June 17 65. The Delay of the Auditors report on my own Accounts, which is now before your Lord-

flnps, and the Difficulty of determining, with proper Certainty, how far the Demands of the Landgrave of Htjfe, for the Hospitals eiiablithed for the Sick and Wounded of his Troops, were duly vouched, and what Part of them ought to be allowed, have hitherto prevented me from making a final Report of those Demands; the Hejfian Hospitals were not so immediately under my Inspection as those of all the Foreign Troops of the combined Army; the Landgrave having, by his Officers, demanded of me a Reimbursement of the Sums which he had advanced for the Hospitals, to his proper Directors, fending me such Accounts as had been usually £ prepared by such Directors, and claiming a Right, by Treaty, to the Privilege of having the Hospitals conducted under the Management of his own People.

These Demands and Claims of the Landgrave, and his Officers, occasioned much Altercation during the Course of the Expenditure, and in the Uncertainty how far they were well-founded, Colonel PeirJ’on, on the atft of June 1761, then at the Head of the Commissariat, granted a Warrant for Eleven Thousand Pistoles to be paid to the Hospital Officers of the Landgrave on Account.

1 he First Physician, First Surgeon, and principal Directors, make a Board in the Hessian Hospitals, for conducting the Business of them, and they have ligned all these Accounts; and, as they alledge, observed such Forms as it had been the Practice in such Hospitals to observe in former Wars, and on similar Occasions; and 1 think myself obliged in Justice to declare, that whenever 1 had an Opportunity of examining and comparing the Number of Sick actually maintained in the Hospitals, with these specified in the Reports, which the Directors periodically sent me, I never found the Number of Sick were miftated in any such Reports, nor does it appear to me that the Amount of the Expences of these Hospitals is, upon the Whole, greater than they would have been if they had been more immediately under the Direction of the British Commissariat.

The Accounts of the Landgrave of Hejfe Hand as follows:

P,

The Total Demand - -- 474272 19 7

Of which I disallowed - - - 3313 29 4

Remains - -- - R. 470958 26 3

Which reduced into Rixdollars in Gold, at 150 per Cent, and from thence into Pistoles, at 9 G.9 Stivers, and then into Pounds, at 10G. 15 St. make -

And, after deducting the Pay of the Men maintained in the Hospitals, at 2 R. 24 M. and the Portions of Bread, at 1R. 12 M. for every 30 Day ^.amounting to Money advanced ——

£.29,321 16 8

I do report that the Sum of £. 29,321. i6r. 8 d.is due to the Landgrave of HeJJe, and ought to be paid.

March 28th, 1777.

Tho' Bishop.

55,200 14 10

16,165 3 8

9*7*3 *4 6

VOL. 36.

5P

423

21 Aprilis

A. 1777.

A SPECIFICATION of the Sums due to the several Claimants on Account of the Foreign Hospitals

in Germany.

N* 1.Freburg Hospital Brunswic

2. Brunswic Garrison Hospital -

3. Brunswic Carabineers -

4. Brunswic Light Troops -

5. Surgeon Demftorjf - -

6. Brunswic Shippers -

7. Mrs. Ehmfen, OJ'naburg----

8. Mrs. Andrea, Medicines -

9. G. Helper th, Medicines -

10. Mrs. Evers, Medicines - -

11. Messrs. IIanbury and Halsey-

12. Mr. Cufian -

13. Chancery of Shaumb ..... Lippe Buckeburg -

14. Magistrate of Fritzlar -

15. Benecke, Rahne, Gunther and Techt -

16. Burghers of Lipfadt -

17. Doctor Browning, Osnaburg Hospital -

18. Hanoverian Shippers -

19 Lippe Detmold Shippers - -

20. Bremen Shippers -

21. Prussian Minden Shippers - -

22. G. H. Brauer Medicines -

23. Hessian Hospital on Balance -

c s. d.

41 2 —

85 3 —

160 2 9

ll9 2 4

18 5 —

115 — —

3>4'8 3 6

1,078 — Q

453 9 6

598 — 6

819 M 10

135 7 7

112 9 11

173 10 3

24 *9 7

312 11 6

76 6 —

2,975 l9 —

81 3 6

1,43s 2 9

103 1 —

159 2 6

29,321 16 8

41,820 14 5

In Obedience to the Commands of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, I have examined an Account of Expences of an Hospital at Freburg, for the Sick of a Corps of the Allied Army, when in Saxony, under the Command of his Serene Highness the Hereditary Prince of Brunswic, in February, March, April, and May 1760, amounting to 768 Rx. 5 M. 1 j P.

The Hereditary Prince of Brunswic was, at the Time above mentioned, detached into Saxony, with an Army confiding of Three Hanoverian, Two Hessian, and Four Brunfioic Regiments; and the above Claim is in Consequence of Expences incurred by the eliablishing an Hospital Depot at Freburg.

Commissary Wolff', in his Answer to my former Remarks, lays, the Hessian Cashier paid 170 Rx. 14 4 P.

for the Hessian Regiments; and, if there tliould be no Possibility of getting Payment for the Sick, the

proportion* ’ Share due for the Hanoverians ought to be paid, being a Third of the Whole, from which 1 have deducted Two Charges, being Regimental, and not Hospital Disbursements.

This Account issigned by the Officers who had the Direction of the Hospital; and I think the Peculiarity of the Situation of those Troops, in that Expedition, might-excuse the Want-of proper Vouchers for each separate Disbursement, and induce tl eir Lordships to allow them the Hanoverian Part of the above Expence, which, after the aforesaid Deductions, amounts to 116 Rx. 9 M.8 which makes in Pounds Sterling 41. is.

March a8th 1777.

Thu' Bishop.

In

t7 Geo. III.

21 Apritis.

4*3

In Obedience to the Commands of the Lords of the Treasury, I have examined the Accounts of the Garrison I Iospital at Brun/wic, which was established there by the Order of Prince Ferdinand of

wic, for the Reception of the Sick and Wounded of the Troops of the Combined Army in the Years 1761 and 1762,

Rx. Mr. P.

Amounting to - 860 2 4

Of which, for Subsistence of French Prisoners, I disallow - 79 64

Remains - - 780 32 —

Th is Claim is one of the many of which I had an Account in and which I then thought too defective

in Form to be admitted, yet I found on Enquiry, such an Hospital was at that Time there established under the Direction of the Military Officers only, who have signed these Accounts. It is not brought into any other Account, and as the Commander in Chief gave Orders for establishing of it, and expressed his Desire to have the Claimant satisfied, I should have paid it when I was in , if I had had Money in my Hands.

After reducing it into Or at the Brunswic Course of Exchange, which makes R. 484. 11. 3, and that in Pounds Sterling £.85. 13*. 5 <L

March 28, 1777.

Th(f Bishop.

In Obedience to the Orders of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, dated the 19th of October 1766, 1 have examined the Claim of the Duke of for the Repayment of 1470 3 Mr. 7 P.

for the Carabineers Hospital at Buden Werder; which reduced to Pounds Sterling makes £. 163.

This AccouAt is digested and signed by Mr. Craus, Commissary of War; to which is annexed a Certificate of the reigning Duke of Brunswicdated the 21st of November 1763, declaring that the said Hospital was established at the Requisition of his Brother Duke Ferdinand, and confilis as follows:

N° 1. A periodical Lift of Portions divided into three Classes, without any Account of the Distribution, or by whom consumed, amounting to %. An Account for Beds and Bedding - -

For Lemons, Wine, and other Necessaries -

For Utensils.....-

3. Servants Wages, Wood, Carriages, and other extra Charges -

4. Pay to Doctor Struve, and Charges for his Journey, from to Severn

5. An Acknowledgment from Doctor Top, that the Klein had advanced for the Subsistenceof the Carabineers Hospital at Boden Werder -

6. A Memorandum of Doctor Top of the Manner he had applied these said 100

Dollars, viz.

Mr.

Travelling Poll - - - 25 —

Brands, a Surgeon - - - - -15 —

Charges for him on the Road, and for one

Schonian, a Surgeon - - - 17 —

The Remainder to himself - - - 43 —

,----- 100 — *

7. A Receipt of Dr. Top's for his Pay, and Surgeon Pay, from the 27 th of

May, to the End of August 1761, viz.

Rx.

To the Doctor - - 191 —

To the Surgeon - -- -97 —

8. A Declaration of the 3d of June 1761, that 26-1- Centners of Straw had been

delivered to the Carabineers Regiment at at ... . the Price it was then

bought at, to be delivered into the Magazines, signed by Dr. A. and K Commissaries -

g. An Account of C. H. IVilke, at Stradt , for travelling Expences.Expresses,

and Portages, with Diet Money to himself at 2 R. per Day on Affairs of the Hospital -

Rr. Mr. P.

391 7 4

247 2T — 13 18 4

34 1 2

206 11 —

5 12 — loo — — »'

288-----

31 25 5 47 10 —

As appears by the Account - - 1,366 16 7

Extra Charge - - - - 103 23 —

Vol. 36.

This

424 2i* Apri A. 1777.

This Account was delivered to me when I was in Germany.

The establishing of an Hospital for a Angle Regiment while there were at that Time regular Hospitals in the Neighbourhood of Severn, was one of my principal Objections to the Account. I apprehended the permission to do it was procured by some indirect Means, but his Serene Highness declared it was by his express Orders. The reigning Duke gave the above Declaration to establish that Fact, and in all the Applications I have had Cnee from the Brunjivic Agents, they seem to rely much upon that Declaration.

If Characters of such high Rank and great Consideration had not solicited the Repayment of it I should have rejected it, as I have done many others, which, except their wanting the Support of the Commander in Chief, were exactly similar. The Account is made up as most of these Accounts are usually done, with One or. Two Men giving Receipts for the Whole, and mull rest on their Testimony, and the Declaration of the reigning Duke.

If their Lordships admit of this Claim, under these peculiar Circumstances, there will be due to the Military Chest of Brunswic 1366 Rx. 16 Mr. 7 JP. which reduced into Pounds Sterling makes £.160. gd.

March 28th 1777.

Tho' Bishop.

tn Obedience to the Orders of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty'sTreasury, dated the 19th of October 1766, I have examined the Claim of the Duke of Bruit/loon account of Disburlements made to M.

chief Surgeon to the Light Troops of Brunjivic, amounting to 813 6 Mr. 5 P.

This Account was originally for 2353 Rx.

While I was in Germany I had much Altercation with the Commissary on the Subject of this Claim. Many of the Accounts of Medicines appeared to me to have been for such as Mr. Muller ought to have purchased on his own Account. The Remainder, when reduced into Pounds Sterling, amounting to £119. 2 4 I then thought reasonable, and admitted at the Time, and do now report is due to the Military Chest of , and

ought to be paid.

March 28th 1777,

Tho’ Bishop.

In Obedience to the Orders of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, dated the 19th of October 1766, 1 have examined the Claim of Mr. Demjlorff, a Regimental Surgeon of the Brunswic Troops, for Medicines furnished by him to Sick and Wounded at Lahmer on the River Dicmel, from the 29th of August to the 21st of October 1761, and for his Salary in taking Care of the Wounded, amounting to 125 Rx. 16 Mr.

I beg Leave to inform their Lordships, that this is Mr. DemftorjjTs own Account; but I had an Account of this Claim soon after the Expence had been incurred, and 1 had the fullest Proof of his Diligence, and the rea-fonableness of his Account. I do therefore report that the Sum of £. 18. 5 is due to Mr. Demjlorff, and ought to be paid.

March 28th 1777.

TkJ Bishop.

In

17 Geo. III.

c i° Aprilis.

4-5

In Obedience to the Orders of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury. dated the 19th of October l 766, I have examined the Claims of Shippers refuting in the County of employed in the Service

of the Hospitals.

N° i. Christopher Friefe, of Reilrffen, for Freight of a large Vessel from Hox

ter to Minden----- 300----

From Minden to Doixerden - - - - -. 250----

Deduct for Overcharge,

On the Hi - - - - 100 7 On tl^e 2nd - - - - 40 5

410----

Reduced into Gold —

Freight for the Transport of 32 Wounded Men from Buden Home In, at

18 each, as by Agreement -

D* for the Transport of the said 32 Men from to Minden, at 27 Mg.

l. Frederick Retemeyer, of Holtz-Minden, for Freight of a Vessel from Mitt-

den to'Dorverden, in July 1761, iu Or - - - 250----

Deducted - 116 27 —

Remains - -

. John Bunte, of Remnade, for the Transport of 94 Sick and Wounded from Boden der to Hoxter, in August 1762, according to Agreement, at 24 each Jjor Transpcrting the above 94 with 66, making 160, to , at 18 Mg. each, as

per Agreement - -

For the 'I ransport of 148 Sick from Hameln to Minden, as per Agreement

4. John Bunte claims 94 Rx. for Loss of Time and Wages to the Crews of Four Vessels belonging to him, taken by a Party of Men from Rehne to Minden, in Order to Transport the Hejfian Hospital there, detained from the 7th to the 1 ith of July 1761.

It does not appear the Service was performed for which the Vessels were taken, and such Claims have always been rejected.

Total Account of which is due ——

Rx. Mr; P.

260 6 —

.16-----

24-----

*3 3 9 —

62 24 —

80----

hi-----

687 3 —

Which 687 Rx. 3 Mr. reduced into Pounds Sterling, makes £. t 15, after the Deductions above mentioned. I do report the Sum of £.115 is due to the BrunswicShippers, and ought to be paid.

March 28th, 1777.

Tho’ Bishop.

In Obedience to the Orders of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury dated the 19th of October 1766, 1 have examined the Claim of Mrs. Efimfen, Ofnabfor Medicines and Apothecaries Stores delivered by her to the Hanoverian Hospitals: And I do report, That the Sum of 19436 Rx. 5 6P. which make*

£. 3,418. 3*. 6 d.is due to Mrs. EhmJ’en, and ought to be paid.

March the 28th, 1777.

Tho* Bishop.

Vol. 36.

s a in

by

1

4 26

2i° Aprilis.

A-'m

In Obedience to the Orders of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, dated the igA of October 1766, 1 have examined the Claim of Mr. Andrea, of Hanover, for Medicines p

and Apothecaries Stores, delivered by him to the Hanoverian Hospitals, amounting to - - - -6155 86

Of which i disallowed - - - 23 15 —

Reduced into Pounds Sterling, makes - ....

Which Sum I do report is due to Mr. , and ought to be paid.

March the 28th 1777.

Remains *6131 29 6

.....1.078 — 9

Tho' Bishop.

In Obedience to the Orders of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, dated the 19th of October 1766, I have examined the Claim of Mr. G. Selperth, of for Medicines and Apothecaries Stores delivered by hjm to the Hanoverian Hospitals: And I do report. That the Sum of 2579 10 Mr. which

makes £. 453. 9*. 6d. is due to Mr. G. Selperth, and ought to be paid.

March 28th 1777.

Th& Bishop.

t

In Obedience to the Orders of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, dated the rpth of October 1766, I have examined the Claim of Mr. Evers, of Verden, for Medicines and Apothecaries Stores delivered by him to the Hanoverian Hospitals: And I do report, That the Sum of 3349 fix. 16 Mr. which makes £.598. or. 6d. is due to Mr. Eva's, and ought to be paid.

March 28th 1777.

Tho' B

In Obedience to the Orders of the Lords Commissioners of TIis Majesty’s Treasury, dated the 19th of October 1766, I have examined the Claim Of Messrs. IIanbury and of Hamburg, for Medicines and Drugs,

which they bought, by my Order, and delivered to the Hanoverian Hospitals.

The Account stands as follows:

To a Parcel of Medicines ....

Intereii thereon to the iftof November 1766 -

Expences of Chests and Boxes with Hospital Papers, and Interest as above

Mf M.

8709 13 -H 1727 I3 — I 2 ()---

' Mf. 10676 10 —

Making in rounds Sterling -

I- s- d.

8:9 14 10

As Messrs. Ilanbun/and Hal fey bought these Medicines, and paid ready Money for them, at my particular l!e<|ueft, and were allured by me that 1 w ould immediately repay them, 1 have allowed them J titered for the f mo, according to their Demand in 1766: And do report, That the Sum of 819. i.jr. lOd. L Uae to them, and ought to be paid. *

March the 28th 1777.

Tho1 B

In.

17 Ge6. III.

21° Ap

427

til Obedience to the Ord irs of I he Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, dated the 19th of

176G, I have examined the Claim of /,. //. Cujian, of Paderbornr, for Medicines and Apothecaries Stores delivered by him to the Hanoverian Hospitals: And I do report, That the Sum of 1159 Rx.23 4 P„ reduced

hr. in Or* Mr. i\

at 150 per Cent, is ,773. 3. 1. which makes £. 135. 7 is due to A. and ought to be paid.

March 28th 1777.

77/*

In Obedienoc to the Orders of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, dated the 19th of October 1766,1 have examined the Claim of the Chancery Shaumburg Buckeburg, for Medicines and Apothecaries Stores furnished to the Sick and Wounded of the Troops of , When in Winter Quarters, or on

their March, and distant from any of the established Hospitals, and unable to be transported to any such Hospitals, from the 17th of October 17^8 to the 29th of December 1760, amounting to 768 Rx. 5Mr. 4P. reduced at 120 per Cent, is 640Rx. 4 Mr. which makes

This Account is duly vouched, and isavery just and reasonable Claim. By their Economical Treatment of the Sick and Wounded a much greater Expence was prevented. I thereibrC do report. That this Sum of £. 1x2. 9 s.nd. is due, and ought to be paid.

1

March «8th 1777.

Bishop.

In Obedience to the Orders of the Lords Coromiftioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, dated the 19th of October 1766,1 have examined the Claims of the Magistrates of

N° 1. Wood, Straw, and other Necefiaries, delivered by the Town-to an Hanoverian Hospital, from 4th of February to the 30th of October

1760..... , -

This 1490 Rx.21 Mr.reduced in Or is -

Which makes in Pounds Sterling -

Rx. Mr. P.

1490 21 — 987 4 —

N° 2. Tor Damages done to Houses, He. as per Estimate,

For an Hanoverian Hospital ----- - 940----

For an Enghjh Hospital - - 930 -

£. s- d.

173 10 3

Disallowed -

1870 — —

The first Claim is properly vouched by Mr Schaltzwho had the Direction of the Hospital, and was reported

to me at the Time of the Delivery, which, reduced as above, making £. 173' io.r. 3 d. is a reasonable Charge,

and ought to be paid.-The other Claim for Charges I have disallowed, no such Claims having been ever

admitted.

March 28th 1777*

Tho' ,

Tol. 36.

40

428

21 Jpr ilis.

In Obedience to the Orders of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, dated the 19th of October 1766, I have examined the Claims of MefiVs. Berio eke, Gunther, and Tech!, Surgeons, for Blankets,

Charpic, tic. farnished by them, and for the extraordinary Labour of these Claimants after the Afiair of f/tf/71,* amounting to 195 Rx.which, reduced into Pounds Sterling, makes £.24. 19V. 7

This Account was presented to me at the Time, Part of which I objected to, and the Claimants dated the Merits of their Claim to . . Duke Ferdinand; and his Serene Highness, in Consideration of the extraordinary i.abour and Expence of these Claimants, directed me to allow them their Demand; and if I had had Money when the Dispute was adjiiiied, I should have paid the Account. I do therefore report, That the above Sum of £. 24. igr. 7 d. is due to the said Claimants, and ought to be paid.

March 28th 1777.

'Thoi Bij

In Obedience to the Orders of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, dated the 19th of

1766, I have examined the Claims of the Burghers of for Stores, Provisions, Money furnished to

the Hospitals, and Rent of Houses, amounting to 3945 Rx. 34 Mr. 4 P. of which I have disallowed

129 6Rx.----; the remaining 2649 Rx.%\Mr. 4 P.which makes 312. nr.. 6 I do report is due

to the Burghers of Lipjtadt, and ought tobe paid.

March 28th 1777.

Thos Bij.

In Obedience to the Orders of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, dated the iqtli of October 1766, I have examined the Claim of Doctor Brooming, of for the Expences of an Hospital under ' his Care, for the Sick and Wounded of the combined Army left at when the French in 1761

approached that Place.

Subsistence, Medicines, Salaries to Physicians, and others employed, from the 2nd of September to the 26th of November 1761, amounting to - - - .

Rx. Mr. P*

74i. 19 a

Deduct.

Overcharge -

Medicines in Mrs. Ehmfen’s Account

Remains -

Rx.Mr. P.

- 29 30 6

- 128 18 2

158 *3 —

586

4 5

Doctor Brooming was directed to establish an Hospital as above; and the Account, after deducing the 158 Rx. 13 Mr.amounting to £. 76. 6f. I do report is due to Doctor Browning, and ought to be paid.

March 28th 1777.

Tho Bij,

.7

In

i7 Geo. Ill

429

210 Ap

In Obedience to the Orders of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, dated the 19th 1766, I have examined the Claims of the several Hanoverian Shippers, for the Freight of Vessels employed in the Service of the Hospitals.

As most of these Claims exceed the Sam allowed to other Shippers in the like Circumstances, I have Hated to their JLordships each Man’s Demand, and the Sum which appears to me ought to be allowed him.

N* 1.

2.

4-

5-

6.

7-

8.

to.

11.

12.

*3-

14.

*5-

16.

*7*

18.

19.

20.

21.

22.

23.

24.

2S-

*6.

310

Frederick Fijiier, for the Transport of Sick from Munden to Hoxter, and thence to Verden -

Harm S/ioJIer, Freight of Two Vessels from Vlotho to , and

Two Vessels from Munden to Hameln -

J. C. Lotzen, Widow, Freight of Two Vessels from Minden to

Hutzbergen ....

John Henry Maize, Transport of 39 Sick from Hoxter to Boden Werder,

D* from Boden Werder to Hameln, D° to Minden -

John Henry Greepe, for the Transport of 150 Sick from Carljhaven to Boden Werder, Freight of Two large and One small Vessel from Minden to Hutzbergen - - - - .

W"Bruggeman , Freight of Two great and One small Vessel from Hameln to Munden, D° 2 Vessels from Hoxter to Minden; Seven Days extra Detainer of the last 2 Vessels -WM Bruggeman, Freight from EJj'en and Minden to Verder Conrad Grohne, Vessels for Transport of Hospital Stores from Hoxter'

to Minden

In Or -

Demurrage ....

Charles Beecholtz, from Minden to Hoxter -Two Vessel from Boden Werder -D* from Minden to Verden -

Received 200

D* of One large and Two (mail Vessels from Minden to Haver

G. C. Hepe, Freight of Sick from Boden Werder to Hameln, and from Hameln to Minden ....

John H. Focke, and J Five large and Three small Vessels from Hameln V Dan' Baurmeifier, J to Verden ----- 1,000 >

One from Vegejdckto Hameln ----- 6009

G. 1). Baurmiejier, Transport of 83 Sick from Hoxter to Boden Werder,

from Boden Werder to Hameln, from Hameln to Minden Vtenfils, Servant, Sic. ..

D’ Two Vessels from Minden to Hatbergen.

D* Two large and One small from Hameln to -

Henry Muller, and 7 Transport of 72 Sick from Boden Werder, from Ijonard Wcntleman,\Hoxter -

C.Went lent an, Transport of 120 Sick from Hameln to Minden -

JujlusMucker, Two large and One small Vessel from Minden to Haifa ——

Adolph Muller, Two small Vessels from Beverungen to Hoxter -Andreas Muller, Transport of 29 Sick and Wounded from Munden to Wergeren, charged at 40 Rr. — This has only an Attestation of one Windier, a Quarter Mailer of the Brunfooic Troops, and no Certificate of their Delivery.

ConradeDralle, Transport of 177 Men from Hameln to Minden Conrad Dorman, J: Leecke, and C. Stilling, for 158 Men from Hameln to M >>den . - -

Augi ll Freiderbom, Widow, from Hoxt

Hart m mLudecke, from Boden Wer to and from thence

to Minden - - - - ~- -

Christ’ Bruggeman and G. BuJTe, 3 Vessels from Minden to Bremen

H. Holtzman,2 Vessels from Vlotho to Hutzbergen - - .

Martin Bohmert, Freight of a Vessel from Minden

to Minden - - 236 13

..... *57 20

D* lrom Munden to Herlzbergen

-27.

28.

from Beverungen

Caper Richter, for the-Transport of to Hameln, and thence to Nienbur

This Demand relates to the' Hospital.

Chrl/tr Mucker, Freight of Two Vessels with Sick from to

Ji./ke -....

D* 1 wo great and One fuiall Vessel from Hameln to Minden

Vol. 36. 5 R

Sums demanded. Rx. Mr. P.

545 7 —

717 *8 — 787 31 —

134 26 — 1,087

V43 7 —

7« 28 —

34* 33 —

1,860 -

140 9

2,600 —

300 32 *79 30 433 12

75 23

141 30

*9$ 35 433 *2

Sums allowed.

Rx.

545 7 —

717 18 —

500----

134 26 —

690----

660----

78 28 —

200 -

1,280 -

1,95°----

262 32 179 30 200 —

75 23

141 30

380

60

— 290 — -

176 18 156 —

120 5

472 26 362 15

— 293 33 —

*96 35

200 —

N*

29-

430

21" Jprilis.

J. 1777.

V' 29. John Shannengiester, Freight of Four great and One small Vessels

for Hamelnto Hutberge: 1 - -

D* Two Vessels from llutbetgen to Bremen -

90. l/enherg, Freight of One large and One final! Vessel with 30

Sick from Munden to Hameln -

31. J. S. Becker, transporting Sick of the Brunswic Light Troops from

Gufeitverder to Holtzminden -

This Demand is not fwoperjy vouched.

32. Jufiim Henry Heuer, Freight of Two Vessels from Munden to Verden -There is no Proof that the Service was ever performed.

Widow Hautoe, for Freight of Three Vessels from Hameln to

Mindert ——

D* for the Transport of 55 Men from to Baden Werder -

34. Henry Wm Mucker, Throe Vessels from Hoxter to Minien 600

D* from Mindw Dorvorden ---- 500

D* One Vessel from Car[shaven to Hoxter - 80

Six Vessels from Hoya Vegefack ----- 680

35. J. F. Dorman, Freight of Two Vessels from to

36. Bertram, Holding, Mucker and Bleeme, Freight of 128 Sick from

CaJJet to Munden ——

37. Afmus Mutze, Freight of Two Vessels from Minden to

ffu/bergen - 640

D* Two Vessels, Hoxter to Minden - 700 Transport of 150 HefiianSick from Herfielle to Hoxter - 230

38. % F. Bruggemav, Freight of Four large Vessels from Vbtho to

Hutbergen ——

39. John Lambert, One large and One (mailer Vessel from Munden to

Minden ——

40. Two large and One small Vessel from Vlotho to Verden, .550 Rx. j the same to Bremen 220, in Or 770 a 3, is a 44--66 Sick from Hameln to Minden -

41. Bertram, Rclemeyer and Focke, Freight of Two large and Two Ax.

(mail Vessels from Hoxter to Vbtho - - - - 600

D* Two large Vessels from Munden to Hameln ... 500

J

Charged at 3

1,100

42. WmDufenberg and C°, Freight of Two vessels from Hoxter to Verden,

500 Rx. at 3, is a 4'r ——

Transport of 129 Men from Hoxter to Boden Werder - 86

127 from Hameln - - - - 64 —

128 D* to Hameln to Minden - - - - 99 9

*45 9

43. Munhard Bellman, One large and One lesser Vessel from,) Rx.

Munden to Minden - - - - 3630

D* 2 Vessels from D* to D* - 650

At 3, is a 4 *....

44. Joft. Bellman, Freight of a large Vessel from Vbtho to Verden, 230 Rx.

a 3, is a 4 }- -.....-

45. Conrad Focke, Freight of Two large and One small Vessel from

Munden to Minden - - - 1,000

D* of a middling Vessel from Afundto - - - 250

At 3, is a 4 V....

46. ChrijV Amick and D. Shrufebecker, Two large and Two small Vessels

from Munden to Minden, 1,000 Rx. at 3, is a 44-

47. F. Wm Buggeman, Freight of Two large and Two finall Vessels front

Vbtho to Vtrder, 950 Rx.at 3, is a 4-J- - -

41 Men from Hoxter to Boden Werder 78 from thence to Hameln 81 from thence to Minden 90 from Hoxter to Boden Werder -

Rx.

2,7 m

39-

64 —

60 —

190 14

Is at 44- -

48. John Chrip Ofterbh , Freight of a Vessel from Vbtho to Hutbergen, 275

R. at 3, is a 44- - - -....

49. John God/r4 Ojierbh, Transport of 41 Men from Hoxter to Boden

Werder, 27. 12 in Or -Freight of One large and One teller Vessel from Munden to Minden, 550 Rx. a 3, is 4t....

Sums demanded.

Rx. Mr, p. 1,300 — — 48------

393 34 —

60-----

666 24 —

433 1* — 57 28 —

r,86o----

722 8 —

30 *9 —

2,267 28

1,000 —

886 24

1,112 8

66 7

1,588 34 — 721 8 —

1,877 28 — *6i 4 —

1,805 20 —

M44 16 —

1,37.2 8 —

*99 33 879 ~ 4* -394

Sums allowed. Rx. A*'. P,

1,000 -

48-----

»5°-----

233 12

57 28

1,350 —

540 — 30 29

1,050 —

1,000 —

500 —

760 —

66 7

880 —

721 t

1.000 260

95°

1.000

95®

299 35 i&o — ’ 43

500 —

i7 Geo. Ill

.a i* Jprilis

43*

1

N* 50. Christ Retemege¥, Freight of a Vessel from Munden to , 250

a g, is at 44. - - -....

51. Jiv Christ’ Bergheim, Freight of One great and One small Vessel "J

from Carfaaven to Hoxter - - - 160 I

D* for D* to D* - - 1601

D* for D* to D* - - - .....160 J

5*. Christ Dan', Freight of *8 Sick from to Hoxter

53. John Grq/kopf, Stores from Hamebi to MindenJ 15 Rx. in Or, at 44- -

f 4. John Henry Fockc, 3 great Vessels, and Two lesser Vessel s, from

to Hutbergen - *,150

D* One great Vessel from Hutbergen to Bremen - - 100

1,250

at 3, is a 44-....

5$. Fockeand Retemeyer, for Hire of Horses, Men’s Wages, and Allowance

for Ships taken by special Order from Neinberg to Minden, to transport the Hospital from thence to Verden ....

It appearing that the Vessels were pressed for that Service, and in Confe-auence the Shippers put to Expence for Horses, I think an Allowance should be made not exceeding -

Sums demanded. Sums allowed.

Rx. Mr. P. Rx. Mr. P.

361 4 — 200 — —

480 300

83 12 — I *4 00

23 23

1,805 1 — 1,130 - —

641 12 —

200

26438 22 —

Which Snm of 26,438 Rx. 22 Mr. o P. reduced into Pounds Sterling, making £.2,975. I do report is doe to the Several Hanoverian Shippers, and ought to be paid.

March 28th, 1777.

The1 Bishop.

In Obedience to tho Orders of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, dated the 1 oth of October 1766,1 have examined the Claims of the Shippers of Lippe for the Transport of Hospital

K' 1. Deedcreek SteJJTens, a Vessel from Blotho to Hutbergen, 250 a 3 is 44-

2. Simon Athrons Steffens, a Vessel from Blotho to Hutbergen, 250 is -

3. Fredereek Brine km an, a Vessel from Munden to Minden, too is -

Rx. M P.

361 4 —

361 4 —

*88 32 —

Rx. Mr. P.

260----->

260----

200 —

These Accounts are regularly vouched; and I have the proper Proofs that the Service was performed; but their Demands exceed what other Shippers were allowed on fonilar Occasions; I have therefore reduced their Demand to 720 Rx.in Pounds Sterling £. 8*. 3s. %<Lwhich Sum I do report is due tb the Lippe Detmold

Shippers, and ought to be paid.

March s&th, 1777.

Tfur B

- VOL. 36.

In

432

2ia Jprilis.

4- 1777*

In Obedience to the Orders of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury; dated the 19th 1760,‘J have examined the Claims made by the Shippers of Bremen, for the Transport of Sick, and Hospital Stores.

Sums demanded.

Sums allowed.

R. M.

N° 1. Henry Sifters, Two Vessels from Boden Werder to Munden - 400 —

D* from Mindento lloya 80 —

1. Herman Crete, One Vessel from Minden to Verden -

3. Henry Crete, One large and One small Vessel from Hoxter to

Minden - - 500 —

D* from thence to Hutbcrgen ---- 460 —

4. Henry Greve ( Harman's Son) One large and One smaller Vessel from

Minden to Dorverd -

5. Diedrick Crete, Transport of 48 Sick from Hoxter to Boden

Werden.jyi, which at 4! makes - - - 50 15

Freight of Two large Vessels from Munden to Minden, and

thence to Verden - ----- 1,100 —

6. Henry Sengftacke, Two large Vessels from Minden to Dorter den -

"7. Diedrick Greve ( Henry's Son) Two large and One small Vessel from Blotho to Minden -

8, Siebers and Greve, 83 Sick from Hoxter to Boden Werder - 55 12

From Boden Werder to Ha mein - - - 4118

From Hameln to Minden ----- 70 —

Rx. Mr V.

480----

225----

96o-----

500-----

1.15° 15 —

500-----

80 -

Rx. Mr.

480 — 225 —

530-----

370 — —

95° *5 — 460 — — -

80-----

166 30

Reduced "at 44 makes -

§. Ahrend Bleeme, Freight of Two Vessels from Munden to Minden -10. Marten Lubber, Three Vessels from Munden to Minden and from Minden to Verden ——

xi. Hans Niemeyer, Two large Vessels from Blotho to Minden and from

Minden to Bremen, 373 12 at 3 is a 44--

12. Conrad Wejel, Two large and Three small Vessels from Minden to

Verden ——

13. Herman Hanning, Four large Vessels from Blotho to Vei'den -

14. Henry Meyer, Two large and One small Vessels from Hameln to Minden,

300 Rx. at 3 is a 44 ——

15. Christr Beeker, Two Vessels from Munden to Minden - -

262 32 — 262 32 —

787 18 - 500

ss 0 0 1 1 1,450

539 9 — 539 9 —

620 — - - 620 — —

900 820 — —

433 12 — 260 — —

787 18 — 500 — —

16. Henry Beeker

Rx.

N° 1. 64 Sick from Hameln to Minden - - - - 60 —

2. 208 Sick from Munden to Hoxter - - - - 277 1 a

3. Vessels with Stores - - - - 80 —

4. Two Vessels of Sick from Rentier, in October 1761,

Rx.ioo, of which he received 40 Rx. Remains 60 —

477 12

5. Four Vessels from Minden Verden - - -I

6. Four large and One small from Hoxter to Verden - >2,498 12

7. Two Vessels from Munden to Minden - - -J

Of the above Three Claims, disallowed 273 23, amounting to, at

4t.....-

3,936 27 —

3>663 .4. —

N° 17. Jurgon Walters, Two great and small Vessels from Hoxter to Minden ——

18. Henry Schroeder,- 23 Sick from Hameln to Minden -

19. John IJoyer, a Vessel from Vlot ho to Hutbergen -

800 — 50 — 150 —

800 —

5° — 150 —

12,710 24 —

These Accounts are regularly vouched; and I have the proper Proofs that the Service was performed; but their Demands exceed what other Shippers were allowed on similar Occasions; I have therefore reduced their Demand to 12,710 Rx.24 Mr. in Pounds Sterling £. 1,438. a grf. which Sum I do report is due to the Bremen Shippers, and ought to be paid.

March 28th, 1777.

Bishop.

In

17 Geo. Ill*

2i° Aprilis*

433

In Obedience to the Orders of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, dated the i qth of October 1766, I have examined the Claims of the Shippers for the Transport of Hospitals.

No. 1. Gerhard Bruggeman, Freight of Two great arid One small Vessels frorri Minden to Hutbcrgen- - - - - ... 314 — 49 Sick from Hotter to Boden Werder - - - - 32 24 40 D* from D* to D* - - - - 26 24 - 40 D* from Bcden Werder to Hamish - - - - 20 — 40 D* from Hamish to Minden - - - 30 — 423 12 Which at 4x make* - - - Sums demanded* Sum* allowed.

1 VO 667 2 — - .

No. z. John Conrad Streeke, One large and One small Vessel, from to Minden, 170 a 44- - 4 267 32 — 267 32 — -

Rx. 934 34 " 934 34 —

Which Sum of 034 ffr. 34 Mr. reduced into Pounds Sterling makes £. 103. of Prussian Minden, and ought to be paid.

March 28th 1777.

if. I do report is due to the Shippers.

Tho *Bishop.

In Obedience to the Orders of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, dated tire 19th of

176 6, I have examined the Claim of G II. Brauer of Minden, for Medicines and Apothecaries Stores delivered by him to the Hanoverian Hospitals j and I do report, that the Sum of 905 liz. 6 Mr. 4 P. which makes 159. 2s. 6d. is due to G. II. Brauer%and ought to be paid*.

March 28th 1777* Tho' Bishop.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

CWtl The Lord North presented to the House, according

Lift- to Order, a Bill for the better Support of His Majesty’s iloufehold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the Fir'ft L ime.

Rejoiced, '1 hilt the Bill he read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Briofh Ordered, That the Petition of the Trustees of Idufcum. Brilt/h Museum, which was presented to the House upon

the 21st Day of February lait, be referred to the C011-lideration of the Committee of the whole House; to whom it is refen-ed to coulider further of the Supply granted to I lis Majesty.

Way* Sir Charles WhiUcorfh, according to Order, reported c *»<t Means, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of "Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Re-fokition whieii the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read-; and is as followed);

Refilved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Vou 36.

That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty* there be issued and applied the Sum of Seven hundred Sixty Thousand Three hundred Sixty-three Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Two Pence Farthing, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1777, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen, of the Surpluses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, corapofing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Salusbury Brereton reported from the Committee* Westminster to whom the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Street*. City and Liberty of Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Anthony Gell, being examined, said. That Wood Street is narrow and incommodious in many Places; and that it would be of great Convenience and Benfit to the

5 S Petitioners*

434

21

- A.

Aprilis.

jL '

I7?7-

Petitioners, and the Public in general, if the said Street was widened and made safe and commodious for Carriages and Passengers.

A Member present confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Dean and- Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Peter, in to open a Street from the South End of Long to the North End of Smith Street, and to widen Part of Tothill Street, and of Long Ditch aforesaid; and all’o to widen the Passage between Orchard Street and themew intended Street; and to make a more commodious Entrance from the Broad Sanctuary into Dean's , within the City and Liberty of Westminster, is committed; that. they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for widening Wood Street, from Mill Bank Street to Great Peter Street, within the Parish of Saint John the Evangelifi.

Workington The House, according to Order, resumed the ad-Harbour. jeurned Debate upon die Amendment which upon Fridaylaft was proposed to be made to the First Amendment made by the Committee to the Bill for amending, enlarging, deepening, preferring, and improving, the Harbour of Workington, in the County of Cumberland, and for discharging certain Debts already contracted on account of the said Harbour.

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be added to the said Amendment be there infected; ,

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed -.to by the House.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: And, several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

i" ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Gate Quad, Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee,

R*c" to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Hoad

M ' from Gateshead, in the County of Durham, to the

Church Lane, near Ryton Lane Head, and from The Bar.

' Moor to the Hexham Turnpike Road, near Bar,

in the County of Northumberland; and also the Road from MickleyBank to Lead or Silver and.

for making a Road cross certain Grounds belonging to Crozier Surtees, Esquire, in the Parish of Ryton, in the County of Durham, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to re-

f>ort to the House; and he read the Report in his. dace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were one read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for preventing the Trullees from altering the Line of the Roads.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Protniflbr

Notes,

4c.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and

22.

Tradesmen, in and about the Town of Darlington, in the County of Durham, was presented to the House» and read; Setting forth, that the Petitioners undent Hand a Bill is depending for fruthep reftaayiiftgi the Negotiation of Promissory Notes, and Inland Bills of Exchange, under the Sum of £. 5, within that Part of Great Britain called England, after* the First Day ©F January next, and are deeply affected to find, on Enquiry, that the Teno,r of the former Act and this Bill, so far as relates to Bills of Exchange, is generally un* known to People in Trade; and that it appears clear to the Petitioners, if this- Bill, as-iPnoyvstand^, should pass into a Law, Thousands of Debts. under the Sum of £. 5 must either be collected at a great Expence

and Inconvenience, or be totally Iolt, as they apprehend no Remittance under £.5 -can be made in negotiable Bills by Poll, every Drawer of-such Bill (though for Goods fold in Trade) being subject to the Penalty of £. zo, which will " be found to -be-the greatest Dif-couragement and Difficulty ever laid upon Trade in general by the Legislature of this Kingdom, therefore a public Loss; besides, the Consequence will be a Diminution of the Revenue of the Post Office: And therefore praying, That such Part of the said- Bill as relates to Bills of Exchange, or Draughts, may not pass into a Law, in the present Plan, but, provided all such Bills of Exchange and Draughts were only to be made payable at such Dates as the House shall think proper, the Petitioners hope the Evil complained of would in a good degree be remedied.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Pnmiflbrf Traders, Manufacturers, and others, of the Town of Note*,

Barnard Castle, in the County of Durham, was also fcc*

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, that the Petitioners are informed a Bill is depending for further restraining the Negotiation of Inland Bills of Exchange, under the Value of Five Pounds,. within that Part of Great Britain called England, from and after the First day of January 1778, under certain Penalties therein to be provided; and are apprehenfivo that such Restriction will be a great Detriment to Trade in general, and of infinite Prejudice to the Petitioners in particular; as innumerable small Debts and Sums of Money wtH be in-gFeat Hazard, or otherwise be collected from distant Quarters of England at great Expence: And therefore praying, That such Provision may be made in the said Act, for the Relief of the Petitioners, and other the Inhabitants of this Kingdom, in the Premises, as to the House may seem meet; and that such Part of the said intended Act as tends to prevent the drawing and negotiating -of Bills t>f Exchange, for Goods fold, and Value bond side received, may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for fln-ther restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes, and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

' The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act; passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the several Roads therein mentioned, leading to, through; and from, the Town of Monmouths without any Amend mrent: And also.

The Lords have agreed to tlfe Bill, intituled, An Act Magdalen to enable the Presideni and Scholars of the College of (Oxfbfd)

Saint Leafiqg,

Monmouth

Kbada.

17 Geo. Ill* 'll* April435

Saint Mary Magdalen, in the University of Oxford, to rtionable Lands, and Grounds, within the Parish of grant Building Leases of certain Ground, Messuages, ,in the County of Lincoln, was committed;

Houses, and Buildings, in the Parish of Saint.John, That the Committee had examined, and found that Southwark, in the County of Surrey, without any the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of Amendment: And also, April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been

TiWhetf 'The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act complied with; and that the Committee had examined lucloture. for dividing, inclosing, and improving, certain Com- the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be

mons. Lands, and Grounds, in the Township of Tib- true; and that the Parties concerned had given their

Jhelf, in the County of Derby; without any Amend- Content to the Bill, to the Satisfafilionof the Committee; ment: And also, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An A fit for, made several Amendments thereunto, which they had vesting the real Estates late of Ann Phillips, Spinster, direfited him to report to the House; and lie read the now the Wife of Henry Barnes, Gentlemen, comprised Retiort in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

in their Marriage Settlement, situate in the County of with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where

Salop, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then

Purchase Money for the Purposes in the Afit men- a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-

tioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the

this Hohfe: And also, House.

'Hie Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Ordered, That tli6 Bill, with the Amendments, be vesting the Freehold Estates in the Counties of Herefordingrafted,

and Monmouth, devised by the Will of Thomas Cham-

berlayne, Esquire, deceased, in Richard Combe, Esquire, Lord Brawnlow Bertie presented to the House, ac- Kirton in Fee Simple; and for settling other Estates of the said cording to Order, a fyll for the more easy and speedy Small Debt*. Bichard Combe, iti the County of Somerset, of greater Recovery of Small Debts, within the several Parishes Value, in lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the of G offer ton, Quadring, Donivgton, Bicker,

Concurrence of this House: And also, Sutterlon, Algarkirk, Fosdike,

The Lonte have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Kirtim, Frampton, and Brothertoft, within

(uulotbtrt) veiling certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and the Hundred of Kirton, in the Parts of Holland, in the 'Hereditaments, hi the Isle of Wight, the settled Estate County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and of Elizabeth Traffic, of Cardiff', in the County of read the First Time.

Glamorgan, Widow; and also a certain Messuage, and fiej’olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lands and Hereditaments, of the Warden and Scholars, Clerks, of Saint Mary College of Winchester, near A Bill for dividing and Inclosing the several Open Thornton.

Winchester, in the County of Southampton, in Tniftees, Arable Fields, Meadow and Pasture Grounds, and the Inclosure* in Trail, to sell and convey Part of the said settled Common or Moor, within the Town ship of Estate, and also the said Estate of the said \\ arden and in the Parish of in the North Riding of the

Scholars, Clerks, to Sir Richard’Worstcv,' Baronct, and County of York, was read a Second Time, other Part of the said settled Ellatcs to the said Warden That the Bill be committed to Sir George

and Scholars, Clerks; and to apply Part of the Money Mr. &c.: And they are to meet this

arising frobi such Sale in paying off- an- Incumbrance Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s affecting Part of the said settled Estate; and for laying Chamber, out the.Resolue of the said Money in the Purchase of

other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the An in grafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Trattle'* like L ies; and to enable the said Warden and Scholars, Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, (and others) Clerks, to take a Conveyance of that Part of the said and Hereditaments, in the Isle of Wight, the settled Estate*. settled. Elates intended to be conveyed to them; to Estate of Elizabeth Trattle, of Cardiff', in the County which thfi Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. of Glamorgan, Widow; and also a certain Messuage,

Alid then the Messengers withdrew. and Lands and Hereditaments, of the Warden and

Scholars, Clerks, of Saint Mary College, of Ordered,;That the Committee to whom the Bill for ter, near Winchester, in the County of Southampton, ladufaw.^ dividing; ’allotting, and inclosing, several Commons, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell and convey Part of ' Moors,'or Waste Grounds, and Open Common Fields, the said settled Estate, and also the said Estate of in the Towiiship of Bamfley, within the Parish of Silk -. the said Warden and Scholars, Clerks, to Sir Rickard fton, in the County of York, was committed, be Worjley, ^Baronet; and other Part of the said settled revived. Estates, to the said Warden and Scholars, Clerks; and

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the to apply Part of the Money arising from such Sale, Committee, lo whom the said Bill is committed. in paying off an Incumbrance affefiting Part of the said settled Estate; and for laying out the Residue of Hatton , . An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclos- the said Money in the Purchase of other Lands and

Inclosure. ing, a certain Common or Waste Ground, called Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses; and to Hr.ltmi Moor, in the Township of Hatton, in the Ma- enable the said Warden and Scholars, Clerks, to take nor of Temple neujam, in the Parish of Jf hitkirke, in a Conveyance of that Part of the said settled Estates the West Riding of the County of York, was read the intended to be conveyed to them, was read the First Third Time. Time.

' Re/'(Led, 'lliatthe Bill do pass: And that the Title That the Bill be read a Second Time.-

be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inolofing, a

certain Common, or Waste Ground, called Halton An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Phillips'* Moor, in the Township of Halton, in the Manor of Act for vesting the real Estates, late of Ann Phillips, Eft* Templennejarn, in the Parish of Whitkirke, in the Well Spinster, now the Wife of Henry Barnes, Gentleman,

Riding of the County of York. comprised in their Marriage Settlement, situate in

Ordered, That the Lord Beauchamp do carry the Bill the County of Salop, in Trustees, to be sold; and for to the lairds, and desire their Concurrence. applying the Purchase Money for the Purposes in the

Afil mentioned, was read the First Time.

Candle&y Lord RroxcnUn0Bertie reported from the Committee, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Inclosure. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain

Open Common Fields, Meadows, and other Com- The House. according to Order, proceeded to take Uffington Von. 36. into IueWuiei

Phillips* Jtftnre*.

Chamber-

by tie's

Tmttk't

Ciirke’i

Eilacci.

Account; Navy Bills*"

Account; Navy Debt.

\V*yt

*nd Meant.

11 — 22° — 2 3° Aprilis* A. 1777.

436

<nto further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, Commons, and other Commonable Lands, within the Township of Uffington, and the Hamlets of Balking and

Woo/fon, otherwise Woobeerson, and within the Hamlets of KingjionLijle and Fawler, in the County of Berks,

was committed.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Report was again read.

And the Petition of the Provost and Scholars of The Queens College, in the IXniverfity of Oxford, and of the Reverend Philip Brown, Clerk, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard.

And the Counsel for the Bill w'as also heard.

And One of the Counsel for the Petitioners having been heard, by way of Reply)

The Counsel on both Sides #ere directed to withdraw.

Hie First Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, in Fo. 2. 1. 2, by leaving out the Word " Fellows," in order to insert the Word " Scholars" instead thereof, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, by inlerting the Word " Scholars," being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said

Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, that the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to confirm and establish Articles of Agreement, for a Partition or Division of Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Northampton and the Estates of John Clarke, Esquire, and Mary, his late Wife, deceased; and for settling the same to the Uses therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Navy, Victualling and Transport Bills, made out on or before the 28th of February 1777, and which yet remain unpaid; distinguishing the Sums made out in each Month.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account how the Increase of the Debt of the Navy, between the 31st of December 1775, and the 31st of December 1776, has arisen; distinguishing the several Heads of Expence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and gleans for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock,

Zv'arth) 2 2* Aprilis $

Anno 17° Georgii III. U Regis, 1777.

IP R A y e it s.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Andrew Esquire,

and also the Petit ion of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Btirgefles and Electors of the Town of Newcastleupon complaining of the undue Election and Return of Sir John Trevelyan, Baronet, for the said Town, being come j

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and 63 Members only being found to be present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration; and immediately adjourned the said Order, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow, Twelve of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2 30 Aprilis;

Anno 17* Georgii IIIlii Regis, 1777. Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Andrew Bobinfon Bowes, Esquire, and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Burgesses and Electors of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Trevelyan,

Baronet, for the said Town, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and 68 Members only-being found to be present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration; and immediately adjourned the said Order, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was ad journed, by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow, Twelve of the Clock.

Jovisf

Newcastle upon Ty«e Elc&ioo.

Dio*;

Newcastle dpm Tyu« ElcAioxu

-Ditto.

17 Geo. III.

24* — 250;

Jovis, 24* <//* ApriUs;

Anno 17* Georgii IIIUI Regis, 1777. Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Confederation the Petition of Andrew Robinson Bowes, Esquire, and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Burgesses and Electors of the Town of Newcafleupon Tyne, complaining of the endue Election and Return of Sir John,

Baronet, for the said Town, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Buf'mess of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returi>ed;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and 86 Members only being found to be present, the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration; and Immediately adjourned the said Order, without a Question firti put, till Tomorrow Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Twelve of the Clock.

437

And the Name of John , Esquire, being

drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Member; and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Twenty-six other Members theft present were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Sir Joseph Baronet, being

drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee, by the County for the Petitioners; and hid Name was set aside.

And the Name of Charles , Esquire, being

drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards; and having at thfc Table verified the same upon Oath, he was excused accord-

ingly-

And the Names of Eighteen other Members then present were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of Drawing the said Names, the Names of Thirty-one other Member^ then present were drawn, and set aside with the Names ofthofe who were absent from the House;. Five, on account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which they had before verified on Oath; Five on account of their then serving on a Select Committee; Nineteen on account of their having already in this Session served on Select Committees; and One on account of his having voted at the said Election.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or let alide, being complete; Lilts of the said Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened, the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

fattens, 25*;

Anno 17* Georgii IIP*! Regis, 1777.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to ikoRon the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ.’ the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, in the room of Charles Amcotts, Esquire, deceased.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration

ihc Pelition of AndrezcRobinfon Bowes, Esquire, and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Burgeflesand Electors of the Town of Neueqftleupon Tyne, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Sir John Trevelyan, Baronet, for the said Town, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjcuit at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and in Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of the l)uv for taking the said Petitions into Consideration. And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House w’ere by the Clerk taken out of the Box, which had been before prepared, and put into Six Glalles; and wrere then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner; and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Five Members then present were drawn; who were not objected to.-Vol. 36.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Welland Burgesses of the Borough of Stamford, in the County of a-d Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read j taking p.Ien? - # Notice of the Bill for scouring and cleansing the Rivers lvI£atlon-Welland and Glenn, in the County of Lincoln; and for piaking a navigable Cut, from the South-weft End of 9 Salt Marsh, adjoining to Surfed Common, to or near FofdikeInn, in the same County; and for building a Bridge over the East End of the said Cut, and for rendering the Passage over the Walh at afore--

said safe and commodious; and Setting forth, that the Petitioners are Owners of the said River Welland t and have reason to apprehend, that, if such Bill should, upon the present Plan thereof, pass into a Law, the same would be very injurious to the Petitioners said Property, and the Interest of the Inhabitants of the said Borough and its Neighbourhood: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, or such Parts thereof as' are most likely to affect them, and the Neighbourhood of the said Borough, in such Manner as to the House shall teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to w hom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard; by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upoil their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, agaiu/t the said Petition.

A Bill for the better Support of His Majesty’s Civil

gT Household, Lift-

Newbald

Inclosure.

York

Buildings

Company*

Halifax

and

Sheffield

Road.

Wendover; confirming Exchanges.

Market

Lavington

inclosure.

Felthorpe

inclosure*

Bourton

Inclosure.

Stanton 8t. John Inclosure.

Buckingham new Church.

Wapping

Streets*

Afthall

to

Auckland

Road.

Bretrton

Koadf

438

25* Aprilis.

J. 1777/

Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain, was read a Second Time.

~Befolved.That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That thfi Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Common Arable Fields, Wolds, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Townships of North Newbaldand South,

within the Parish of North Newbald, in the County of York, was committed, be revived.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for expediting the Sale of the Estates in Scotland, belonging to the York Buildings Company, for the Relief of their Creditors; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Sheffield, in the same Riding j without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,. An Act for confirming exchanges of Lands, and Tithes of and in the Open and Uninclosed Common Fields, within the Manor and Parish of Wendover, in the County of Buckingham; and for establishing and securing certain Annual Payments in lieu of Tithes j without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open Common i'ields, Common Meadows, Common Downs, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Pa-rish of Market Lavinglon, in the County of without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Dole or Heath Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Felthor])e, in the Cotinty of Norfolk, witlkmt any Amendment: And also.

The Ix>rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field and Commonable Lands, lying within the Town-ships and Liberties of Great Bourton and Little Bourton, in the Parish of Cropredy, in the County of Oxfords without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Stanton Saint John, in the County of Oxford without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a new Church, within the Town and Parish of Buckingham; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for opening Communications between Wapping Street and Ratcliff' Highway, and between Old Gravel Lane and Virginia Street; and for paving certain Streets intended to be built, and also certain other Streets and public Passages ami Places, within the Parishes of Saint George, and Saint John of Wapping, in the County of

MiddleJ'e.r; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lorijs have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Ajlhail, in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road at or near Buck land, in the County of Berks; without

any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

’Welford-

inclosure.

Prudhoe

inclosure.

for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from and near the Town of Brewton, in the County of -set s and for repairing and widening the Street from the North or North Eali End of Street, along

Patwell Street, in the said Town of Breioton, to jthe South or South East Side of Dymond's River j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commonable Places, of and within the Parish of Westsrd, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Tracts of Wafto Grounds, Moors, or Commons, within the Manor and Barony of Prudhoe, and Parish of in the County of Northumberland-, without any Amendment.':

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intitirled. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of

Condicote, in the County of Glmwithout any

Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill,' intituled, An Act for 'dividing-, allotting, and inclosing,-the Old Whole Year Inclosures, Cominon Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Carlton Rode, in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And alfdi -

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Wreningham, in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Weflon under Wetheley, in the County of j without

any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Feoffees and Trustees of an Estate in the County of Middlesex, given by Lawrence Sheriff, for the founding and maintaining a School and Almfiioufes, at Rugby in the County of Warwick, to fell Part of the said Estate, or to grant Leases thereof, or of any Part thereof, and to effectuate the other Purpol'es therein mentioned:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, and certain Common Fields, and also Two Mosses, called Wail ham MoJ's and Moss,

within the Manor of Yealands, in the Parish of Wavion, and County Palatine of Lancujler-, withan Amendment: to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Carpenter, Esquire,

Earl of TyrConnel, in the Kingdom of with the Right honourable Lady Frances Manners, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House

And then the Mefl'engers withdrew'.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Bill for enabling His Majesty to Birmingham license a Playhouse in the Town of Birmingham, in the Theatre. County of Warwick, be read a Second Time upon Titef day Morning next. 1

15 Resolved,

Condicote

Inclosure.

Carlton

Rode

inclosure.

Wreningham

inclosure.

Weston

under

Wetbclejr

Inciorthe.

Sheriff’*

Charity.

Yealanda

inclosure.

Earl of Tyrconnest Divorce.

i7 Geo. III.

25* A prills.

439

Addicft Resolved, That an humble Addressbe presented to Account His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued, by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Aloft honourable Privy Council.

Account;

Coovi&i.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies paid, since the 5th of January 1777, to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence ©1 confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames.

Cuuflefty An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing certain

DC^nre* Open Common Fields, Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of dlejby, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of in

the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord BBertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Kcwfham An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Gom-

IncWure. monsand Waste Lands, and a Stinted Pali ore, in the Township of Ncxvsham, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, and a Stinted Patture, in the Township of Nevcsham, in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Cnfnej An ingrafted Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Graleney to Moffat, and thence to the Confines of the County of Dumfries, with the Counties of Peebles and Lanark, and the Road from Dumfries to Moffat, and also the Road from Arman to Langholm; and for converting the Statute Labour within the said County of Dumfries into Money; and for applying the same towards repairing the Highways within the same County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads, in the County of Dumfries; and for converting the Statute Labour within the said County into Money; and for applying the same towards repairing the Highways within the same County.

Ordered, That Major Laurie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Swinburne’* An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estatei. for veiling certain Messuages and Hereditaments, in the several Parishes of Kirku Ijncick, and bume, in the County of Northumberland, late Part of the Estate of Sir John Baronet, deceased,

in Trustees, and their Heirs, in Tnjft, to be sold, discharged from the lTfes, Trulls, Charges, and Powers, in the Will of the said John Swinburne mentioned, and for applying the Money to aril'e by Sale thereof in the Manner therein mentioned; and for other Purposes therein expressed, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, Thut the Bill be committed to Sir James Penm/man, Mr. lMfceU.es, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Vol. 36.

Lord Broicnlmo Bertie reported from the~Committee, Billinghajf-to whom the Petition of the Right honourable William Drainage, Earl Fi/zwilliam, Owner and Proprietor of Lands, in &c* the Parish of Billinghay, in the County of Lincoln, on

Behalf of himself and other Owners and Proprietors of Lands, within the same Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the feme, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Louden, being examined, informed your Committee, That he knows the Dales, Common Fen, and inclosed Low Lands, in the Parish of Billinghay, in the County of Lincoln; and that Part of the Banks of the River Witham, Kyme Eau, and Billinghay Skirths, ad-

join to or against the said Lands, which Lands are subject to be overflowed; and unless such Parts of the said Banks are made and completed, the said Lands cannot be drained and improved.

Then An Act of Parliament, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain Low Lands,

" called The Fens, lying on both Sides of the River " Witham, in the County of Lincoln, and for restoring " and maintaining the Navigation of the said River,

" from The High Bridge, in the City of Lincoln, through " the Borough of Boson, to the Sea," was read, whereby it appeared, that such Parts of the Banks of the said *

River Witham, Kyme Eau, and Billinghay Skirths, as adjoin to the said Dales, Common Fen, and inclosed Low Lands, in the said Parish of Billinghay, are Part of the Works directed to be done by the Commissioners appointed to put the said Act in execution; and that the said Dales, and Common Fen, and inclosed Low Lands, are subjectto certain Rates and Taxes mentioned in the said Act, to be applied towards the general Works of Drainage.

And Mr. Landen further said. That, feme Years ago, the Commissioners begun to make such Parts of the said Banks as adjoin to or are against the said Lands; and that the greatest Part of the Bank of the River Witham, which adjoins to the said Dales, Common Fen, and inclosed Low Lands, and also Part of the Banks of Kyme Eau and Billinghay Skirths, were made, but those Works have been discontinued for several Years, , and are daily going to decay.

Then Mr. Thomas Hogard, an Engineer, informed your Committee, That he had surveyed such Parts of the Banks of the said River Witham, Kyme Eau, and Billinghay Skirths, as adjoin to or against the said Dales,

Common Fen, and inclosed Low Lands; and said.

That unless such Parts of the said Banks as adjoin to or against the said Lands are made and completed those Lands cannot be properly drained and improved: And the Witness further said. That almost the Whole of such Part of the Bank of the said River Witham, and also Part of so much of the Banks of Kyme Eau and Billinghay Skirths, as adjoin to or against the said Dales, Common Fen, and inclosed Low Lands, have been already made by the Commissioners for putting the said recited Act in execution: but those Works are going to decay; and if the same are not completed the Money already expended therein will be loft: And he added, That those Works, in their present unfinished State, are detrimental to the Landsproposed to be drained. — And being asked. What he thought would be the Expence of finishing and completing those Works ? he said, He bad computed the Expence so amount to £. 2,029. 7s. 6 — And being asked. If he was conversant in W’orks of this fort? he said. He was; and that in his Opinion, the Expence of making and completing those Works Would not exceed the Sum he had mentioned. Then

Mr

44° 25* Aprilis. A. 1777.

Billinghay Mr. William Bowkerproduced to your Committee a Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to take Drainage. Calculation which he had made of the Annual Amount into Consideration the Laws now in being against of the 'Faxes now payable by the Owners and Pro- Usury, and the present Practice of purchasing Annui-prietors of Lands and Grounds, within the said Parish ties for the Life of the Grantor; and to repbrt their of Billinghay by virtue of the said recited Act, which Opinion thereupon to the House.

Money is now applicable towards the general Works of And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Solicitor Drainage directed to be done by the Commissioners for General, Mr. Alderman Wilkes, &c.: And they are putting the said Act in execution; and likewise a Cal- to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the culation of the additional Tax those Lands wijl be Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, subject to when they are inclosed; by which it appears,

that the Owners of those Lands at present contribute Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the

towards the general Works of Drainage, the Annual Sum whole House, to whom the Bill for further rellraining of £. 156. 6s. 4^. and that when they are inclosed they the Negotiation of Promifl'ory Notes, and Inland Bills will be liable to a further additional Tax of £. 113. 6s. of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part 8 d.fter Annum. And the Witness added. That the of Great Britain called England, was committed, be Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the said Parish received upon Monday Morning next, are willing to advance a sufficient Sum of Money to

enable the Commissioners named in a Bill depending An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Ait Act

before the House, for draining and improving the to enable William Jackson and Hannah his Wife to carry said Dales, Common Fen, and inclosed Low Grounds, into Execution an Agreement for Sale of certain Hereto make and complete such Parts of the said Banks as ditaments, situate at or near Barney, in the County of aforesaid, in case they shall be reimbursed the same out Norfolk (being their settled Estatej to Richard Reeves of any Money to be received by virtue of the said re- the \ olinger, Gentleman; and for laying out the cited, Act. Money arising from such Sale in the Purchaseof other

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses to to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open which the said settled Estate doth now stand limited. Common Fields, Meadows, Dales, and Common Fen, was read a Second Time.

within the Parish of Billinghay, in the county of Lincoln; Refblved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward

and for draining and preserving the said Dales and Com- Ajlley, Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet mon Fen, and also certain inclosed Low Lands thereto this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s adjoining, in the said Parish, is committed; that they Chamber, have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, to authorize the Commissioners therein named to cause such An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Parts of the Banks of the River Witham, Kyme Eatt, for veiling the real and personal Ellate of John Harvey, and Billinghay Skirths, as adjoin to, or lie against, the Gentlerfian/a Lunatic, in Trustees, in Trull, to fell so said Dales, Common Fen, and inclosed Low Lands, to much thereof as will be sufficient for the Payment of be made and completed agreeable to the Directions of an the Debts and Legacies of John Harvey, his late Father, Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His deceased, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for draining and was read a Second Time.

" preserving certain Low Lands, called The Fens, ly- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bulled " ing on both Sides of the River Witham, in the County Sir Edward Ajlley, tec.: And they are to meet this " of Lincoln; and for restoring and maintaining the Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s " Navigation of the said River, from The High Bridge, Chamber.

in the City of Lincoln; through the Borough of BoJ-

ton, to the Seaand for directing the Charges and The Counsel and Agents before mentioned being Expences which shall be incurred by the Owners and again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to Proprietors of the said Dales, Common Fen, and in- attend the said Select Committee delivered in to the closed Low Grounds (not exceeding a Sura to be li- House One of the said Lills which had been struck by mited) to be reimbursed by the Commissioners for put- the Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lilt, ting the said recited Act in execution. of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the unllruck; to which last mentioned Lift the Names of Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed. John Morton, Esquire, and Sir Joseph Baro-

> net, being added, the same was called over, and is as Kirton A Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of follows:

Small Debti. gmajj Debts, within the several Parishes of SurfledSir Edward Ajlley, Baronet, Sir James,

Gosberton, Quadring, Donington, Bicker, SwineJheaiL, Baronet, 'Thomas Staunton, Esquire, Sir He my

Wigtoft, Sutterton, Algarkirk, Fosdike, Kirton, Framp Baronet, Philip Rajldeigh, Esquire,

ton, Wiberton, and Brothertoft, within the Hundred of Esquire, ThoviasFrankland, YA\u\vc, Charles Tozvnjhend, Kirton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lin- Esquire, Richard Aldzoorlh Neville, Esquire, John coin, w as read a Second Time. Esquire, Thomas dc Grey, Esquire,

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Esquire, Sir Baronet,

Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Tozai/hend, &c.: And they are John Morton, Esquire, Sir Joseph Mazvbey, Baronet, to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Speaker’s Chamber. Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of

Andrew RobinfonBoives, Esquire; and also the Petition Aanuipei. Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Lords of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto fub-to the Bill, intituled, An Act to restrain the raising of feribed, being Burgesses and Electors of the Town of Money, by the Sale of Life Annuities, be taken into Newcastle upon Tyne, now taken into Consideration, further Consideration, upon this Day Three Months. were sworn by the Clerk, at the Table, in the ufnal

Manner.

Ditto. 'Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides

registering the Grants of Life Annuities, and for the were directed to withdraw.

better Protection of Infants against such Grants: And That the said Sdeft Committee do meet

that Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Ellis, Sir Grey Cooper, forthwith in the First Committee Chamber, appointed Mr . Popham, Mr. Cornwall, and Mr. Grater, do pre- for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

pare, and bring in, the Dune. Ordered,

21.

Usury.

Promiffoft

Net,-.*,

Sec.

griffon’*

EfUte*.

Harvty*

EiU.e*.

Neitfca*1!e upon Tyatf Eie&ion.

Hatters;

regulating their Trade.

Chamber-lay n e’* Estates.

Hgerton’s

kiiate.

Hull’s

UUtci.

PhiTirt’*

Estates.

Clarke*!

Estates.

Wheatley’s

Elate.

17 Geo. III. 25 jlprilis441

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill to regulate the Prices of Labour, the Hours of Working, and the taking of Apprentices, in the Hat Manufactory, is committed, have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Freehold Estates in the Counties of Hereford and Monmouth, devised by the Will of Thomas Chamberlayne, f lip lire, deceased, in Richard Combe, Esquire, in Fee Simple; and for settling other Estates of tire said Richard Combe, in the County of SomerJ'ct, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, was read tire Full Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the settled Estate ot'Philip Esquire,

in the County of Flint; and for investing the Money in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Vfcs, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crewe, Mr. Egerton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Cluck, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ah ingrossid Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging Part of the settled 1'dates of Thomas Hull, Esquire, in the Counties of and Devon,

from the L’fes and Trusts of his Marriage Settlement; and for settling other Estates in the County of Devon, in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Duntze, Mr. Cret e, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Heal Estates late of Ann Phillips, Spin-fter, ti nv the Wife of Henri) Barnes, Gentleman, comprized in their Marriage Settlement, situate in the County of Salop, in Trustees, to be sold; and for apply ing the Purchase Money for the Purposes in the Act mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. tey, Sir George Robinfn, See.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to confirm and establish Articles of Agreement for a Partition or Divirton of Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Northampton and Warwick, the Estates of John Clarke, Esquire, and Mary his late Wife, deceased; and for settling the same to the Uses therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Knight-ley, Kir. Crave, Svc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An'ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Pieces or Parcels of Ground and ’Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, Part of the settled E'iate of William Wheatley, Esquire, in Trustees* to be sold to Sir Sampson Gideon, Baronet, pursuant to

♦ Agreement; and for laying out the Mouey arising by Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Lauds or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same L fes, was read a Second Time.;

’Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. snot. Sir John Duntrze, Sec.; And they are to meet ‘ this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber *"Vot. 36.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, 1 " An Act for paving, repairing, lighting, and watching,

" the Streets, and other Public Passages and Places,

" within that Part of the Parish of Clerkenwell, called'

" Saint James's, and removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; for widening the Passage from " Clerkenwell Green to the Parish Church; and for " watching and lighting certain Highways within the " said Parish;" for repairing the Highways in the said Parish, and cleansing the said Part of the said Parish; for widening the Passage from Close to

Rofoman Street, and from Rofo Street to John

Street; and for building a Chapel in the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Alderman Wilkes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Moor or Common, in the Parish of Bulmsr, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Storer, Mr. Montague, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. '

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed to be made between the Right honourable George Lord Onjlovo and Cranley, and William Luck, Gentleman,

and Edmund Luck, his Son, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Joseph Mawbey, &c.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enable Isaac Martin Rebow, Esquire, to take and use the Surname of Marlin, pursuant to the Will of Matthew Martin, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Luther, Mr. Onslow, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Mefliage from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common or Moor, called Howtell Common, alias Haufedon, in the Parish of Kirk-newton, in the County of Northumberland; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Eighteen Mile Stone, beyond Willoughby through the Town of Mere, in the County of Wilts, and through Win canton to Charlton and from

thence to Milborne.Port, and from Willoughby Hedge aforesaid, to the West End of Long Lane, in and from Wincantonaforesaid, to the Sherborne Turn-

pike Cross Gate, on Cattle Hill, and from Wincanton to Sparkford, in the County of , without any

Amendment And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for regaling an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " veiling the Manors, Lands, and Tenements, both " Freehold and Leasehold, comprised in the Marriage " Settlement of Charles Baldzvy, Esquire, in Trustees, " to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising 5 U "by

St. Jam« Clerkenwell Pavirtg.

B ulmer inclosure.

Lord Onslow’* (and other?) Exchange.

Rebow’f

Name.

flowtell

inclosure.

Willoughby

He'ige

Road,

BaldwynY

Estates,

Weddell *1 Rfhtes.

Whh#’«

»od

Fowke’s

Estates.

Weddell’s

EiUtcs.

Baldwyn's

Estates.

Wkite’t and Fou kt*s Kitties.

Trat'le’s

Estates.

442 25* Apri 1777.

" by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and " Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses which *5 are now fubfilling, with regard to the said Freehold " settled Estate; " and for settling the said Manors, Lands, and Tenements, to new and other Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, an Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of William Weddell, Esquire, in Trullees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof; and for the other purqofes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act for rendering valid and elFeftual a Partition between lor White, Esquire, and Sarah his Wife, and Thomas Fowke, Esquire, and Ann his Wife, of several Estates, in the Counties of Huntingdon, I^eicester, Cambridge, Essex, and Kent; and for veiling and settling the same to the Uses, and upon the Trulls, contained in their jespective Marriage Settlements, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of William Weddell, Esquire, in Trullees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of I*ands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " veiling the Manors, Lands, and Tenements, both " Freehold and Leasehold, comprized in the Marriage " Settlement of Charles Baldxo Esquire, in Trullees, " to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by " such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses which " are now fubfilling, with regard to the said Freehold " settled Estate;" and for settling the said Manors, Lands, and Tenements, to new and other Uses; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for rendering valid and effectual a Partition between Taylor White, Esquire, and Sarah his Wife, and Thomas Fozoke, Esquire, and Ann his Wife, of several

Estates in the Counties of Huntingdon, Leicester, Cambridge, Fjpex, and Kent; and for veiling and settling

the same to the Uses, and upon the Trulls, contained in their respective Marriage Settlements, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and 1 lereditaments, in the Isle of Wight, the settled Estate of Elizabeth Traitle, of Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan, Widow; and also a certain Messuage, and Lands and Hereditaments, of the Warden and Scholars, Clerks, of Saint Mary College, of Winchester, near Winchester, in the County of Southampton, in Trullees, in Trull, to sell and convey Part of the said settled Estate, and also the said Estate of the said Warden and Scholars, Clerks, to Sir Richard Worjley, Baronet; and other Part of the said settled Estates, to the said Warden and Scholars, Clerks; and to apply Part of the Money arising from such Sale in paying off an Incum-

brance aflefting Part of the said settled Estate; and for laying out the Uefidue of the said Money in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditament-?, to be settled to the like Uses; and to enable the said Warden and Scholars, Clerks, to take a Conveyance of that Part of the said settled Estates intended to be conveyed to them, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Worjley, Mr. Sloane, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to make an Agreement, or Composition, with the several Sureties of William Brown, and the Representatives of such of the said Sureties as are dead, for a Debt remaining due from them to the Crown, on several Tobacco Bonds entered into and executed by such Sureties reflectively; and that they and their Estates and Effects may be acquitted and difck-rged therefrom, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: Aud that the Title be. An Act to enable the Commissioners lor executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to make ail Agreement, or Composition, with the several Sureties of William Brown, and the Representatives of such of the said Sureties as are dead, for a Debt remaining due from them to the Crown, ou several Tobacco Bonds entered into and executed by such Sureties reflectively; and that they and their Estates and Effects may be acquitted and discharged therefrom.

Ordered, That Mr. Comptroller of the Household do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir William Bagot presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Ipjlones, in the County of Stafford: Aud tho same was received; and read the First, Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Charles Mellish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Payment of Colls to Parties, and Charges to Constables, Witnesses, and others, on Complaints determined before Justices of the Peace out of Sessions; for the Payment of the Charges of Constables in certain Cafes; and for the more effectual Payment of Charges to Witnesses and Prosecutors of any Larceny or other Felony: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Bill be printed.

Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, Heath, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Metheringham, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of Land in the said Parish assessed to the Land Tax at 5*. 4 per Year, who could not he met with; and that the Whole of the Lands within the said Parish is assessed to the Land Tax at the Yearly Sum of £. 61. %d.) and

that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had

directed

Brown’s

Debt to tlt«

Crown.

Ipftonet

Inclosure.

Cost* of Witnesse*, ice.

Methering-

ham

Inclosure.

17 Geo. III.

250 jiprilis;

443

Hi rest ed him to report to the House; and he read the Report ih his Place; And afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, In at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments Were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Gre*t Ix>rd Bfoicnloxo Bertie reported from the Commit-

Id'cwS* to w*,om Bill for dividing and indosing the

Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Linds, within the Manor and Parish of Great Star ton, in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Iiiclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the stune to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made fi-veral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the Hottfe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the pill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Lincoln, Lord Brownlmo Bertie reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Aeign of King George the Second, ibr repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from the City of Lincoln, and for repairing and widening the Roads from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road, at the Foot of Bracebridge Bridge, over the said Bridge, Westward, to the Extremity of the County of Lincoln, near a Place called Potter Hill, and from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road, at the Foot of wicke Hill, Southward, to a Windmill at the Top of the said Hill, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners or Occupiers of Estates, and Inhabitants, within the several Parishes of Canwick, Wajhinbryugh, Heighinglon Bransion, Potter Hanworth,

Jton, Methcringham, Blan Digby, Ashby, Bloxham, Lessingham, Holdingham, Baujby, toell, Ancaster, Sudbrook, Caythorp,

Welburn, Welingore, Navenby, Harm-ston, Waddinglon, and Inhabitants within the City

of Lincoln, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Whilton

lacioiurt.

Mr. Knighlley reported from the Committee, to w hom Vot. 36.

the Bill for dividing, allotting, a'nd inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the several Parishes and Liberties of WhUton, Norton, and or in

fomfe or one of them, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined,

Und found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be tru; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Ohe Person, who is the Pro-

Erietor of Half a Quarter of a Yard Land in the Open 'ields Of Whi lion; and that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed amount to 28 Yard Lands, and upwards; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put there* upon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Knightley reported from the Committee, to the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Indofutw* mon Fields, Common Pallures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Killejby, in the County of Northampton, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Nathan Thomson, Edward Brown,

Thomas Emery, William Satchtoell, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of them* selves and divers other Persons, Owners and Proprie-ters of Cottages with Right of Common, in the Open and Common Fields of Killejby, in the County of thampton ,was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April, 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 3 Yard Lands and an Half, and 2 Cottages, who are neuter; and also except the Proprietors of Yard Lands 1 Quarter and an Half, and 19 Cottages, who refused to flgnthe Bill; and that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed amount to 36 Yard Lands and a Quarter, and the whole Number of Cottages to 40) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing Cottagers to appeal to Arbitrators.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for electing an Umpire, and settling the Expences of the Arbitrators.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks >

which

2 5° — 2 8°

Cl<rgy

Rtfitlence

Bill.

Hum'll'on’s Estates.

444

which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to promote the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more speedy and effectual building, re-building, repairing, or purchasing, Houses and other necessary Buildings and Tenements, for the Use of their Benefices, was committed} That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for annexing adjoining Land to Parsonage Houses, and to be paid for by Sale or Exchange of Part of the Glebe or Tithes.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Rill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That, where the Rector appoints the Curate, his Consent shall be necessary.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Thu Sevennight, the 8th Day of May next.

Ordered, That the (hid Bill, with the Amendments, as agreed to by the House, be printed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir William Hamilton, and Dame Catherine, his Wife, in Trustees, to sell or exchange the fame; and for laying out the Money to ariseby Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

ville, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s 'Chamber.

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House, to consider of a Drawback to be allowed upon; the Exportation of Tea to Ireland, upon the Expiration of the Drawback which is allowed thereon by an Act made in the 12th Year of the Reign of His present*

Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Hany* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ^Crown. House, to consider of the Petition of William - '_"*> *

and Sarah Harry. *

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill, now ingrossed, for amending, Workington enlarging, deepening, preserving, and improving, the Harbour. Harbour of Workington, in the County of Cumberland, and for discharging certain Debts already contracted on Account of the said Harbour, be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lunee, 28° die A

Anno 1 7* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1777. Prayers.

1VIA RIA PERRY took the Oaths appointed,

^ in orrlpr to hpr Naturalization.

Waterhou fc's Chari tiei.

Supply.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act -for uniting and better regulating the Charities of Nathaniel Waterhouse, within the Town and Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Goodricke, Mr. Gilbert, 8cc.: And they are to meet ‘this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Mo7iday\lom-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Way* Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-and Means, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Houlb, to consider further of the Ways and Means for Taifing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Tea exported t# Ireland*

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-

20.

in order to her Naturalization.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Partures, and Waste Lauds, within the Manor and IParifli of Great Sturton> in the County of Lincoln, was read the Xhird Timet.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Great Sturton, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord Brow?ilow Bertie do carry the Bill to the- Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, Fens, Heath, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Methcringham, in the County of ,was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, Heath* and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Metheringham, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord Broxonlow Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Road) leading to and from the City of Lincoln, and for repairing and widening the Roads from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road at the Foot of Bracebridge Bridge, over the said Bridge Westward, to the Extremity of the County of near a

Place called Potter Hill, and from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road at the Foot of Cantoickc Hill, Southward, to a Windmill at the Top of the said Hill, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George

Great

S^erton

Inclosure*

Met Bering* ham Indoiure.

Lincoln, 6c c Roads.

Geo. III.

28° Aprilis.

George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from the City of Lincoln, and for repairing and widening the Roads from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road at the Foot of Brace-bridge Bridge, over the said Bridge Westward, to the Extremity of the County of Lincoln, near a Place called Potter llill, and from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road, at the Foot of Camoicke Southward, to a Windmill at the Top of the said Hill.

Ordered, That Lord Brownhxo Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hotton An ingrossed Bill for inclosing and embellishing the S^iare Middle Part of Horton Square, in the Parish of Saint

A* Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex and for extinguishing all Right of Common in and upon the said Square, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enclosing and embellishing the Middle Part of Horton Square, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the county of ; and for ex-

tinguithingali Right of Common in and upon the said Square.

Ordered, '11)at Mr. Alderman do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Dutton’s An ingrossed Bill to enable William Dutton, Esquire, Kan*. his Fiilt and other Sons, and their Blue Male, to take, use, and bear, the Name and Arms of S’a per, pursuant to the \\ ill of James Lenox Dutton, Esquire, deceased; and for making the Exemplitication of the Will and Codicil of the said James Lenox Dutton, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, Evidence in all Courts of I^aw and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable William Dutton, Esquire, his First and other Sons, and their Issue Male, to take, use, and bear, the Name and Arms of Neper, pursuant to the Will of James Lenox Dutton, Esquire, deceased; and for making the Exemplification of the Will and Codicil of the said James Lenox Dutton, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, i'hat Mr. Blackwell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sr, lit borne An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the

Wiadrufh Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Wlofurr, Common Downs, in the Parishes of Shirebome and Windrush, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Common Downs, in the Parishes of Shirebome and Windrush, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, 'I'hat Mr. Blackwell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Killelby An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open lucbfur*. and Common Fields, Common Pastures; Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadow’s, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Killejbi/, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Kdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 36.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Wh'ilton; the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable inc^,re> Lands and Grounds, of and within the several Parishes* and Liberties of Whilton, Norton, and Brockhall, or in-some or one of them, in the County of was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the.

Open and Common Fields, and other Commbnable.

Lands and Grounds, of and within the several Parishes' and Liberties of Whilton, Norton, and Brockhall, or in some or one of them, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That M:\ Knightly do carry the Bill to the*

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for lighting and w’atching the Hamlet of Mile Mile-F.nd End Old Town, in the Parish of S lightly otherwise Stebonheath, in the County of Middlesex, was1 *

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gas-coyne, Mr. Brett, Sic.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Operf CimTey Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and InctjWrtR Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Cant ley,

Brampton, Befacarr, and High Ellers, within the several Manors of Brampton, and Bejfacarr, in the Parish of Canlley, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Laf-celles. Sir George Savile,&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s „ Chamber.

Sir Harbord Harbord reported from the Committee,. silk ' to whom the Bill for' amending and rendering more Manufacture effectual the several Laws now in being, for the more* effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Furr,

Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures; and allb -for making Provisions to prevent Frauds by Journeymen Dyers, was committed; That the Committee had" gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; 4ii<fc afterwards delivered the Bill, W’ith the Amendments, in' at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout,; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally Jaut thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Sevennight, the 6th Day of May next.

Ordered, That the said Bill, with the Amendments, as agreed to by the I louse, be printed.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Com- Blealby mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Inclosure. Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Bleajby, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners' of 25 Acres of Open Arable and Meadow Land, and of Acres of Old Inclosure, and 5 Beall Gates, \(*ho said, they would neither meddle nor make; and that the Whole of th4 Property concerned in the said Inclosure 5 X consists

EdingleVt

kc*

laclosure.

Kingsley,

Jcc.

Inclolire.

446 28° Aprilis. A. 1777.

consists of 36 Messuages, Cottages, and Toftsteads, 30^ Acres of Open Arable and Meadow Land, 009 of Old Inclosure, and 79 Bead Gates; and that no l’erTon appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and m ide several Arne ndments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; AVhere the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to allow Tenants for Life to grant. Leases.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Commitee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Halam and in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Four Messuages entitled to Right of Common, and of Seven Acres of Open Land, and Twenty-nine Acres of Old Inclosure, who could not be met with; and also except the Owners of Nine Messuages entitled to Right of Common, and of Thirty-nine Acres of Open Land, and 164 Acres of Old In-dofure, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Number of Messuages entitled to Right of Common amounts to 109, and the whole Number of Acres to be inclosed amounts to 911, and the whole Number of Acres of Old Inclosures is 1403; and that no Person appeared bdfore the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, 4nd made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to allow Tenants for Life to grant Leases.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be matte Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to direct the Commissioners to distinguisii the Allotment to be made for Lands in Dispute between the Prebendary of Woodborough and John Lund.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the several Tewnships of Kingjlev, Newton near 18.

NorUy, and Crowton, in the Parishes of and

Weaverham, in the County of Chester, was read the Third Time.

Rtfvlved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of Kingjley, Newton near Kingjley Nor ley, and Crowton. in the Parishes of ana

ham, in the County of Chester.

Ordered, That Mr. Crewe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Billfor repairingandwideningthfe Road from Gateshead, in the County of Durham, to The Church Lane, near Ry ton-lane-head, and from The Bar. Moor to the Hexham Turnpike Road, near liar,

in the County of Northumberland; and also the Road from MickleyBunk to Leadhiilor; and for

making a Road aerofs certain Grounds belonging to Crozier Surtees, Esquire, in the Parish of Ryton, in the County of Durham, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, directing the Trustees to begin to repair the Roads at each Eud, and in the Middie, at the same Time.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause being offered to be added, to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, That the Roads comprised therein, should be subject to all the Provisions of the General Turnpike Act of the 13th of Hits present Majesty.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into " One Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that " Part of Great Britain called England, and for other " Purposes," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the lloulie, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Gateshead, in the County of Durham, to The Church Lane, near Rylou-lane-head, and from The Bar Moor

to the Hexham Turnpike Road, near Dilston Bar, in the County of Northumberland; and also the Road from Mickley Bank to Leadhiil, or; and for

making a Road cross certain Grounds belonging to Crozier Surtees, Esquire, in the Parish of Ryton, in the County of Durham.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clavering do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees and their Heirs certain Estates of Philip Jones, and Robert Berkeley, Esquires, in the Counties of Kent and StiJJ’ez, in order to fell the lame, and, with Part of the Purchase Money, to discharge certain Incumbrances thereon; and for laving out the Residue of the Purchase Money in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the said Ef-tates to be sold hand limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Mr. Rajhleigh, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock; in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, and certain Coalmen Fields, and also

Two

Gaiethe*!,

Sec.

Road.

and

Berkeley

ElUXva*

Ye atands lndoiure.

17 Geo. III. Aprilis. 447

Two Moffescalled WaifhamMofs and Hilderfione within the Manor of Peabnds, in the Parish of War-ton, and County Palatine of.

And the said Amendment was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 9 1. 16. After " Highways" insert " so that " all such Public Highways " shall be Forty Feet wide at " the Least within the Ditches."

The laid Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas do carry the Bill

to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Hartrn; Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to regulate the Prices of Labour, the Tra c. |-jour3 of Working, and the taking of Apprentices, in the Hat Manufactory, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Journeymen Stuff and Felt Hat-makers of the Town of under , in the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the several Journeymen Hat or Felt Makers resident in and about the City of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the fercral Mailers and Journeymen Hat and Felt Makers of the Towns of Burton upon Trent, in the County of and Ashby

de la Zouch, in the County of , and of the

Villages of Packing ton and Coleton, in the said County of Leicester, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Piece Mailer Hat or Felt Makers, Piece Mailer Hat or Felt Finithers, and Journeymen Hat or Felt Makers, residing in and about the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster; and

also the Petition of the Mailers and Journeymen Felt Makers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, resident in and about the City of Bristol; and also the Petition of the Journeymen Hat and Felt Makers of the City of Chester and Town of Liverpool, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Mailers and Journeymen Felt Makers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, resident in and about the / Borough of Derby, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel for such of the Petitioners as had prayed to be heard by their Counsel: and had also heard Counsel in Favour of tlte said Bill, against the said Petitious; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table s Where tlte Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Gil morion Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Commonable Grounds within the Parish of Gilmurton, in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and ibund that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the Came to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given Ur.ir Consent to the Bjll, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of One Yard Land and Three Quarters, and also the Owner of One Cow Common, who refilled to relign the Bill; and that the Yol. 36.

whole of the Fields intended to be inclosed consists of Yard Lands and an Half, and the whole Number of Cow Commons is 14; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Ttiffhellreported from the Committee, to whom Barmby

the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Ings, Common, and inci^t. other Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Township and Manor of Barmby upon the Moor, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to tbfe Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Five Houses and Frontsteads and an Half having Right of Common, and Four Oxgangs of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Number of such Houses and Frontsteads is 94 and an Hal£ and the whole Number of Oxgangs 73; and that no'

Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Knightley reported from the Committee, to whom Grafton

the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Underwood Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Paf- Inclosure. tures, in the Manor and Parish of Grafton Undenooood, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Con* sent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to amend and render more effectual so much ScotI*nd» of Two Acts, made in the 13th and 14th Years of the lnBP«r'at‘oa Reign of Hisprelqnt Majesty, as relates to the regulating Exponatoa

of Coro.

448

28° Apnlis.

A. 1777.

the Importation and Exportation of Corii, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rcjblved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Silk Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Manufacture. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further continuing an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Importation " of Foreign wrought Silks and Velvets, for a limited " Time, and for preventing unlawful Combinations " of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture."

Melbourn Sir George Savile presented to the House, according *"d . to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several

IiTdofure!* Open Fields, Carrs, Ings, or Meadow Grounds, and Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Melbourn and Storthivait within the Manor of Melbourn with Storthwaite, in the Parish of , in

the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Civil List. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Support of His Majesty’s Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Te» Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House exported to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

r to to consider of a Drawback to be allowed upon the

n . Exportation of Tea to Ireland, upon the Expiration of the Drawback which is allowed thereon by an Act made in the X2th Year of tire Reign of His present Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Chaj'les Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Anf to Mr. Comptroller of the Household reported to the A<Mr«f» House, That their Address of Friday last (that His Ma-for jesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that Account, the Account therein mentioned might belaid beforethis House) bad been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

J4

Sir George Savile, according to Order, reported from Proniiin.rjr the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Rill for further retraining the Negotiation of Promift’ory Notes, and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain, called England, was committed; the Amendments ‘which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed hintf to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Tradesmen, in and about the Town of Darlington, in the County of Durham s and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy,-Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and others, of the Town of Barnard Castle, in the County of Durham; which were presented to the House upon Monday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, might be again read.

And the same Were read accordingly

Then the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to; and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of than, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for settling the Forms of the Notes.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Sevennight, the 6th Day of May next.

Ordered, That the said Bill, with the Amendments, as agreed to by the House, be printed.

A Petition of the several Owners and Occupiers of ^toton very rich and valuable Meadow and Pasture Lands, Keynes lying within, and adjoining to, the several Parishes of Inclosure.

Cricklade Saint Sampson's, Cricklade The

Leigh, Ashton Keynes, and OakJ'ey, in the County of

Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields,

Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Keynes, in the County of Wilts's and Setting forth.

That, if the Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Grounds, described in the said Bill, should be inclosed, without proper Powers and Directions for draining the lame, the Lands of the Petitioners contiguous thereto will be liable to be over-flowed, and rendered of very little Value: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Count'd, before the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that Provision may be made in the \

said Bill, for securingtlie Lands and Estates of the Petitioners, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referjed to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Coimfel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition,

Ordered,

t-j Geo. III.

28° Aprilis.

Committees; -. Ordered That all Committees be Revived.

Lumber.

gupply.

Colb of Vntnd&s*

Severn

Bridge

Gloucester

Street

Ordered, That-she -Report from the Committee of

the wltole Hoofe, to whom it iva$ referred to consider of allowing Lumber-to be carried, in Ships, to

the West India Mauds, for a Time to b‘e limited, be received upon WedheJ'day Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Howfe, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Surpluses, dated the 5th Day of

April 1776, lie referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surpluses, dated the 10th Day of October 1776, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, tliewinghow the Money, given for the Service of the Year 1776, has been disposed of, didinguithed under the several Heads, until the r8th Day of April 1777, and the Parts remaining tmiatisfied, with the Deficiency thereuj>on, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " General State

of Accounts of The British Miifeum, to the 3 ill De- cember 1776," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Annual Expence and Income of The British Mujeu from the id January 1768 to 3id December 1776, be referred to the said Committee.

THeti the Hotife resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker led the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Com-

tnittee.

0* Mri Speaker refnmed "the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had-come to several Resolutions; which they had directed- him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report *be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee 30 move, that they may have I^eave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Bill for the Payment of Cods to Parties, and Charges to Constables, Witnesses, and others, on Complaints determined before Justices of the Peace out of Sessions; for the Payment of the Charges of Constables in certain Cafes; and for the more effectual Payment of Charges to Witnesses and Profeciit.ors of any Larceny, or other Felony, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Metlish, Mr. Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Barrmo reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for rebuilding the Bridge over the River at Maijemore, near the City of; for repairing and making commodious Overs leading from the: said' City, towards Maifemore aforesaid; for amending and altering the Bridge over another Branch of the said 'River Severn, near the West Gate of the said City; and for enforcing the proper paving and cleansing of the several Streets within the said City; and for' removing Nurfances and Annoyances therefrom, and proventing the like for the future, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants of the City of Gbucester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the ¥oi. 36.

449

Owners and Occupiers of Lands on the Ma/JemofeJbide of the River Severn, and other Persons trading with< and resorting to, the City of Gbucester, across the said River, whose Names are thereunto subscribed ;* and also, the Petition of several Gentlemen,- Freeholders of the County of Montgomery, whole Names are subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and principal lliha-bitants, of the City of Wowhofe Names are subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Bailiffs, Alder .-en, and Burgesses, of the Town of Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, and of the Gentlemen,: Merchants, and Tradesmen, refilling in and nearthe same Town, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, :and Inhabitants, of the Town of Shrewsbury and Neigh* bourhood thereof, whose Names are thereunto ftibfcnlA ed; and also, the Petition of the several Owners and Masters of Trows, Barges, Boats, and other -Vessels* navigating upon the River Severn, and passing by the City of Gbucester, and through The Westgate Bridge there, whose Names are thereqnto-subscribed; and also, the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants, of the City of Gbucester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Committee of Proprietors of the Stroudwater Navigation, in Behalf of the said Company and the Country at large interested in the said Navigation; and also, the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, of the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford; and also, the Petition of the Bailiff and Burgesses of the Corporation of the Borough of Bewdley, in the County of in

Behalf of themselves and others, the principal Inhabitants of the said Borough, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel for such of the Petitioners as had prayed to be heard by their Counsel; and had also heard Counsel for the said Bill, against the said Petitions; and that the Committee had examine*! the Allegations of the Bill, and found the dune to: be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to tl»e House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bil}, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Petition of the several Inhabitants of the City of Gbucester, the Parish of Maifemore, in the County of Gbucester, and other Persons, trading with, and resort* ing to, the said City, was presented to the- House, and read; taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, it is intended thereby to vest Powers in certain Trustees, to erect-a Stone Bridge at Maifemore aforesaid, and repair the Causeway leading from the said Bridge to Overs Gause* way, and to collect a Toll for passing the ' same; and alleging, that the said Bridge and Causeway was, about Seventy Years ago, a weoden Bridge, and a Causeway only for Horses; that afterwards, to accommodate the Public, they agreed, jointly with the County of Glow-cester, to have the said Bridge and Causeway converted into a Bridge and Causeway for the Passagerof Waggons and Carriages; and therefore eonceive, the iame ought now to be considered as a County Bridge, by being so converted from a mere Horse Bridgelo a Wagw gon Bridge, for the Public Utility; and that, by- a Clause in the said Bill, the Lord of the Manor of Maifts-more, and other Persons therein named, are compellable to let the Meadow Ground therein:mentioned for the bell Price that-can be got for the fame, and pay the neat Rents and Profits thereof, annually, to the Trustees therein named, to be by them'applied towards building, and for ever repairing, the said intended Bridge; and yet, giving them no SatiefeUiou,; but subjecting them to a burthenous Toll, even at |he*r very Doors; and that a very large Sum is raised,

5 Y upon

Severn

Bridge

and

Glouceder

Street^.

Severn

Bridge

and

Gtoucrfter

Streets

450

a 8* Aprilis.

A 1 777,

upon the Credit of the Tofts of the Turnpike to which Overs Causeway leads, for the' repairing and widening the said Causeway; but the Petitioners apprehend, there cannot be the lealt Foundation for thus bur* thening the Public, in order to exonerate the Corpora- ' tion of Gbucester, as there are several considerable

Estates granted by Dame Johan Cake, Widow, to the Mayor and Burgettes of Gbucester, and their Successors, by Indenture Tripartite, bearing Date on or about the tith of Jamary, in the Thirty-first of Hemy the Eighth, in Stonehouse, O clinchEbley, lVeJl~

bury, and Chaxhill, in the said County of Gbucester (ex-

elufive of Fire Pounds a Year granted them in the said Indenture) for the express Purpose of keeping The Westgate Bridge and Overs Causeway in Repair, besides the Tolls granted them by their Charter of the Twenty-fourth of Charles the Second, for the same and other Purposes therein mentioned; and therefore the Petitioners conceive, it would be the greatest Hardlliip ©nr the Public, to be loaden with this heavy Burthen, in Exoneration of the very large Eiiates and Tolls granted to the said Corporation for this express Pur--pose, more cfpeciafty as they do not pretend their Revenues are any Way inadequate for that Purpose; and that they have also a Power vetted by the said Bill, for raising Money for paving the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, in the City of Gbucester; and as the Charter of the Twenty-fourth of Charbs the Second, and the Tolls therein mentioned, were granted to the Corporation of Gbucester, in Consideration that the Mayor and Burgesses weie at great Expeaces in maintaining and repairing Gates, Pavements, and so forth; therefore the Petitioners conceive, the Inhabitants of the City of Gbucester ought not to be charged with any additional Taxes towards paving the said Streets, other than what they are at present subject to, in paving the several Toils and Taxes to the said Corporation, which they are intitled to by their said Charter: And therefore praying, That they may be at Liberty to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into Consideration; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they th;nk fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, agaiiiii the said Petition.

A Petition of the several underwritten Persons, being Proprietors of considerable Estates in the Parish of Maifemore, and also Proprietors of Estates in other P&rishes near or adjoining thereto, on Behalf of themselves and other Proprietors of Lands and Estates there, and also of Persons residing near to aforesaid,

and travelling through that Parish to and from the City of Gbucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in case it shall appear to the House, upon Evidence, that the Inhabitants of Maifemore are liable to the rebuilding a Bridge across the River Severn, in the room of that lately thrown down and demolished, the Expence thereof would be so great, that the Owners and Occupiers of Estates there would -be raoft grievously burthened thereby, and be unable *0 pay and support the fame, without the Aid and Afiifiance of the House, by granting Tolls to be paid sufficient fotifiat Purpose; and that the Petitioners and others would have been unable to travel to or from the City of Gbucester, without going many Miles round -about, had not a temporary Bridge been ereCied by pri* vate Persons, who agreed to accent the same Sums for passing over the fejd temporary Bridge, as are allowed by the Tolls at the Turnpikes upon that Road; and alleging, that a certain Causeway called Overs Cause-tvay, leading from the City of Gbucester, and being the

23.

common Road to, and Part of, the several Roads comprised in a Turnpike Act, and leading over Over Bridge and Maifemore Bridge, is now iu very good and sufficient Repair; but that the same is so narrow in many Parts, and so funk by Floods on the Sides thereof, and the Bridges over 27 Arches in the Side Causeway are lb narrow, that Carriages cannot pass each other; and that the said Causeway is very dangerous to Travellers, especially in Times of Floods, which happen frequently; and that a Sum not less than £. 1,200, will be necessary, to raise, wideu, alter, and render the said Causeway Secure for Travellers; but. Two Turnpike Gates being set bp about Half a Mile from the City of,

any additional Toll will be too great a Burthen upon the Public, especially as a Sum sufficient for that Purpose may be borrowed upon the Credit of the present Tolls, without Prejudice to the Creditors of the said Turnpike ltoads; And therefore praying, That the present Bill may pass into a Law for those Purposes, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Report be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Workings* Reading of the Bill for amending, enlarging, deepen* Harbour, ing, preserving, and improving, the Harbour of Workington, in the County of Cumberland, and for discharging certain Debts already contracted on Account of the said Harbour, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time,

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 20.1.5. After "thereof" toinfert "and except.’*

Pr. 41.1.18. To leave out " intended " and iufert " old " instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House, and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, jJJ*; Anthony BJ34'

Tellers for the Noes Mr. Serjeant Adair, }

1 ellers lor the Noes, £ Captain Johnstone: j43’

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read; liefolved. That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole j House, upon the Bill for the more effectual Prevention Te*. of the manufacturing of Ash, Elder, Sloe, and other Leaves, in Imitation of Tea; and to prevent Frauds in the Revenue of Excise, in respect to Tea.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Way*

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the *nd whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Cothmittee of the whole House, to the to consider the Petition of William and Sarah Crom-o.

Harry.

And then the House adjourned till ''fd-tnorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock. ’

Mortis,

17 Geo. III.

N«wi ofton*

(Surrey), Nightly Watch.

Kirkby

Kivcasworth

lodobre.

Mercer*’

Ctcnpuaj*

JaeWure,

Ch&nbfr-

Jayne’*

Estates.

29® Aprilis.

45i

Mortis, 2 90 Aprilis.

Anno 17* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1777. Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Brooming:

Mr. S|>caker,

The I^xrds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for lighting and watching the Turnpike Hoad leading from the Stones End, next Blackman Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary, Nncing in the County of Surrey, to the Bridge at Walworth, in the same Parish, and the several Roads, Ways, and Places, therein described, communicating the rewith; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing Three several Moors, or Commons, called Low Gaiherley Moor, Moor Holme, and The High Moor, situate in the several Townships of Kirkby Ravenjxoorth, Ravensworth, and in

the Parish of Kirkby Ravenfxcorth, in the North Hiding of the County of York; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, that Mr. Caame, Clerk of the Company of Mercers of the City of London, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " The Accounts of the Wardens *^and Commonalty of the My fiery of Mercers of the "City of London, from the 10th of 1775 to

the loth of October 1776, directed to be laid before * each House of Parliament, by Two Acts, One of " the Twenty-First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and * Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City *of London { and the other, of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the "Third, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Bond u and other Creditors of the Wardens and Commonalty " of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London." And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Paid Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Walie Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Ipflones, in the County of Stafford, was read

a Second Tune.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Bagot, Mr. Curzon, &c.: Aud they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Freehold Estates in the Counties of Hereford and Monmouth, devised by the Will of Thomas Chamberlayne, Esquire, deceased, in Richard Combe, Esquire, in Fee Simple; and for settling other Estates of the said Richard Combe, in the County of Somerset, of greater Value, iu Lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Archibald Edmonfone, Mr. Charles Mell{/h, Stc.: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Vou 36,

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to KUbom’t

whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled. Name. An Act to enable William Kilbom, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of Burr owes, pursuant to the Will of John Burrowes, deceased, was committed.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: Aud he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment^ -

Mr. Solicitor General presented to the House, ac- Annuities, cording to Order, a Bill for registering the Grants of Life Annuities, and for the better Protection of Infants against such Grants: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, that the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, Westminster to whom the Bill to enable the Dean and Chapter of Streets, the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, in Westminjtfr, to open a Street from the South End of Long Ditch to the North End of Smith Street, and to widen Part of Tothill Street, and of Long Ditch aforesaid; and also to widen the Passage between Orchard Street and the new intended Street; and to make a more commodious Entrance from the Broad Sanctuary into Dean's Yard, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, iu at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to NewbaJd whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Iudofure. Common Arable Fields, Wolds, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Townships of North Newbald and South Newbald, within the Parish of North Newbald,

in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Seven Houses and Frontsteads, and of Four Oxgangs of Land; and that the whole Property of the Lands intitled to Right of Common upon the Lands intended to be inclosed consist of about 163 Acres of old inclosed Lands (the Proprietors of which are all consenting to the Bill) of 125 Houses and-Frontsteads, and about 260 Oxgangs of Land; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, ami made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments*

Wolverhampton

Streets.

Gloucester

£le&ion.

452

29

- Av

ments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time; One by One; and, upon the Question severally (nit thereupon, federal of them were disagreed to, and the reftwete agreed to, by the House.

A*Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for Ring fencing an entire Plot for Proprietors not having Qxgdrigi.

Arid the said Clanfe was Twice read, with Blanks;

which being tilled up, the said Clause was, upon the 'Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir William Bagot. reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for widening, cleaning, and lighting, the several Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Ways, and other Public Passages, within the Town of in the County of Stafford; and for taking down, altering, or rebuilding, certain Buildings therein mentioned, and for removing all other Nuisances and Incroachments, and for regulating Carts and other Carriages, within the said Town, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-jnents thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his JMace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with tlte Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A- Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for making Satisfaction to John , Esquire.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for ascertaining the Limits of the Town for the Purposes of the Act.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Cecil Wray, from the Select Committee, who were

appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of the Honourable George Berkeley, and

also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freeholders and Electors of the County of Gloucester, for and on Behalf of them-

selves and all other Freeholders of the same County; severally complaining of an undue Election and Return of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the said County, informed the House, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That William Bromley Esquire, is duly

elected a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of

And the said Determination was ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Sir Cecil Wray also, from the said Select Committee, reported, That the Committee, in Justice to the High Sheriff of the County of Gloucester, have unanim’oufiy declared, they have seen no reason,' by any Evidence adduced to them, to impeach his Conduct with Partiality, in the Discharge of his Duty in taking the PoH.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act 11,1

for veiling Part of the settled Etlates of William Wed- ,l4Wt* dell, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money, arising by suchSale in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in Lieu thereof; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Frederick Montagu, Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five- of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for rendering valid and effectual a Partition.between,

Taylor White, Esquire, and Sar'althis WVej and Thomas

Foivke, Esquire, and*f»M his Wife, of several Efoifcs in the Counties of Huntingdon, Leicester, Cambridge,

Ffife.t, and Kent; and for veiling, arid settling the same to the Uses, and upon the Trulls, contained in their respective Marriage Settlements, and (or other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Frederick Montagu, &Ce.; and they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ears to dissolvethe Marriage of George Carpenter, Esquire, Tpcowiel’* Earl of Tyrconnel, in the Kingdom of with the lvorce*

Right honourable Lady Frances Manners, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; ajid for other Purpose* therein mentiorted, was read a Second Time*.

Resolved, That the Bill ’be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee, of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-, night, the 9th'Day of May next, resolve itself into a.

Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.-. '.

Ordered, That it be ah Inllruftion to the said Committee, that they do hear Counsel, and Examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also that they do hear.

Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think’iit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

' j

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Mootonwon whom the Bill for'dividing and inclosing the Common IncWurc. Fields, Mesne Inclosures, Conmiohs, or Waste Grounds, within the Township of MonkbrettQft, pt\\e Burton,

in the Parish of Royfione, in the West Riding of the County of York, was corhmitted; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing.Orders of the House, of the 25th'of April 1774,.relative to Bills

of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that ihe Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be trVie; and that the Parties eon-; - -

cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Proprietor of Lands within the said Parish, rated to the Laud Tfuc at Twelve Shillings and Nine Pence a Year; and that the Whole of the Lands within the ‘said Parish, intitled to Right of Common upon the Lands intended to be inclosed, are rated to the Land Tax atjf .59.8.r. 5 and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee haft'-gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-, to, which they had directed him to report to the House;' and he read the Report in his Place; and aftervyapds, delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in:at £he.

Clerk’s Table: Where the Athencfnients were Once-rewl throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Oae; and, upon the Questiou severally put thereupon, were agrded to by the House. ' ." Y , -

A Clause was" offered to be added to the Bill; to oblige Persons to deliver in" their Claims.

19 And

4

CWil Lilt

Te*; exported to Ireland.

fcpplj.

I7^Geo. III- 29°,*

And the said Clause was Twice read j and* tlpon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to J>e made Part of the BilJ.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Ameiidments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order* reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Support of His Majesty’s Hoilfehold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed trim to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, Vith the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table r Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the -House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Ameudments, be Ingrafted.

Sir Charier Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of a Drawback to be allowed upon the Exportation of Tea to Ireland, upon the Expiration of the Drawback-which is allowed thereof by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed trim to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table;’ \\ here the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved,'1 hat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, after the F.xpnation of the present Drawback of the Duties of Customs uponTea exported to a

Drawback be allowed of the "Whole of the Duties of Customs payable ujx>n the Im|«ortation of such Teas.

The ftnd Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question pat thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a BiH be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Purling, and Sir Grey Cooper, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it . was'referred to corifider further of tire Supply granted ’ to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to re|>ort to the House; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and areas followeth; viz.

Resolved, That k is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds-, be granted to His Majesty, towards enabling the Trustees of The British Museum to carry on the execution of tire Trusts re|K»fed in them by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-one thousand Two hundred Eighty-eight Pounds Seven Shillings and One Penny Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty; to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of:lie Year 1776.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-four thousand Fire hundred Ninety-nine Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the Fifth Day of July 1 776, of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by an Act, made in the Thirty-lirft Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1758.

l’he said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Vol 36.

453

Ordered, That all have Voices, who cotne to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term ' -and Powers of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, R Ah " Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Tal y Cafn Ferry, in the County Of " Caernarvon, ant^ through the Towns of,

" Bangor, and Caernarvon, to the To\vn of Pwllhely, " in the same Comity;" and also, for repairing and widening the Roads from Taly Cafn Fefry aforesaid, on the Denbighshire Side of the River Comvay, to join the Turnpike Road between Conway and Saint jfjaph, at a Place called Sarny Myncch; and from the Turnpike Road between Bangor and Conway, at the Village of Aber, over Bzvlcliy DdwzfaenMountain, to Taly Cafn

Fern/ aforesaid, and from thence to the Town of Uanrujt, in the County of Denbigh, is committed;

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest Is concerned in t he Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadowsf, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Grounds, in the Tubings or Liberties of Ramj Town, Park Town, Whiltonditch, Eastridge, and Bay don, within the Manor of Ramsbury, in the County of Wilts; which Bill was, upon the 18th Day of this I ill tan t April, read a Second Time; and committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, *That His Majesty having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives IlisCon-sent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, and the Common or Mpor, within the Town* ship of Thornton, in the Parish of ‘in the North-

Riding of the County of York-, which Bill was, upon the 2 ill Day of this Inllant April, read a Second Tinfe, and committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty having beeil informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives Hi» Consent, as fur as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for- dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Arable Lands, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Killd-marjli, in the County of Derby, which Bill was, upon the 27th Day of March last, reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is'Concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other'Commonable Lands, lying and being in and Caiuhoell, in the Parish of Rothley, in the County of Leicester; without any Amendment.

' And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the Laws now in being, relating to Sewers: And that Mr. PownaMr. Mr. Phe-

lips. Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir Harbord, Mr.

Gujcoyne, Mr. Charles Mellish, and Sir Richard Sutton,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

5 Z Th*

Tal y Cafii Ferry Roads.

Inclostfrtv

Thorn toa Inclosure-

killamarfli

Ii*dofure*

Wykeham

and

Caudwell

Inclosure*

Laws relating tp Sewers*

454

29

Atfl'l-

Mr. Wilk*. The House was moved, That the Entry in the journal of the House, of the 17th Day of February 1769, of the Proceedings of the House, upon the Return of a Knight of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Middlesex, in the room of, John Wilkes, Esquire, expelled this House, might be read.

And the feme was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 14th Day of,

in the last Session of Parliament, of the Order directing the Attorney, General to prosecute Francis Sykes and Thomas Rumkold, Esquires, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Entries in the Votes of the House, of the l2d Day of November last in relation to discharging the said Ordprto the Attorney General, for prosecuting the said Francis Sykes ana Thomas Rumbold, Esquires, might be read.

( And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Quell ion being put. That the Kcsolution of this Home, of the 1 yth of February 1769, " That John , Esquire, having

" been, in this Session of Parliament; expelled this

House, was and is incapable of being elected a " Member to serve in this present Parliament,’* be expunged from the Journals of this Housey as being subversive of the Rights of the whole Body of Electors of this Kingdom $

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tetters fe, th. Yfe*, { * 84.

TeUtrefertheN^I }mo.

§6 it paCTed in the Negative;

Hattent An ingrafted Bill to regulate the Trices of Labour, regulating the Hours of "Working, and the taking of Apprentices, their Trade* in the Hat Manufactory, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the.Title be An Act for the better regulating the Hat Manu-fe&dry.

Ordered, That Sir T Fgtrtbn do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

KillamaHh An ingrafted Bill lot dividing and inclosing the Inclosure. several Open Fields, Amble Lands, Meadows, Commons, and While Ground^ within the Manor of KiUa-inarjk, in the County of T>erby, was. read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill ftb pass: And that the Title be, An Act "for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields,. Arable Lands, Meadows, Commons, and M alle Grounds, within the Manor of KiUamdrjh, iii the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George Chvendish do carry thfe Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

" and for other Purposes," as is to subject Carriages having the Follies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches to the Payment of

" Roads in that Bart of Great Britain called England, fer Purposes," as is to subject ( Carriage

avi

Double Tolls, be read a Second Time upon Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read for the Second Birmkghuq Reading of the Bill for enabling Mis Majesty to li» cenoe a Plsuyhouse in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick ,* ,

Ordered, That the feiid Bill now read a Second Time. ..

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill wore Called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of the leveret! Persons whose Name* are thereunto subscribed, and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribedj were also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the said Pe* v < titions$ and, went through his Evijenpe.

And the Counsel for the BiH was also heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

And the Counsel against the Bill having been hearth by way of Reply; .

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to with*, draw* ....

And'Mr. Speaker opened the Bilk ,.

And a Motion being mode, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

}*$

So it passed in the Negative.

The Rolls Estate.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King the Second

intituled, u The Mailer of the Rolls impowered to " make Leases for Years, in order to -new build the " old Houses belonging to the Rolls," might. be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act, find for the better regulating the Method of granting Leases of the said Roll§ Estate for the future: And that the Lord Hyde, Mi*. iVorloh, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Jackson, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Gener*! Ordered, That the Bill for repealing so much bf dn PrtSthof Act, made in the Thirteenth Year'6f His present Ma-WheeU. jesty’s Rcigh, intituled, "An Act to e$plain, jtmend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament,'the General " Laws now in being, for Kegnldting the Turnpike

An ingfoflfed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act B»Mwjntfs for repealing an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for yelling the Manors, Lands, and Tenements, both " Freehold and Leasehold, comprised in the Marriage " Settlement Of Charles BaidwyA, Esquire; in Trustees,

" to be sold; and for laying out the . Money arifiqg by " such Sale in thfe Parcltafe of other Lands and Here*.

" ditaments, to be settled to the same Uses which ary ft now fubficting with regard to the said FreehoM let*

" tied Estate;" and for settling the said Manors,

Lands, and Tenement^ to new and other Ufea, was read a Second Time.

Refol'ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alder* man Harley, Mr. Whitworth> Ac.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, he thy Speaker's Chamber.

A BiH for n&turaiizing Marfa Perry, was read a Se- P«nry*»N* coad Time.

ftf/blved. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Straham Mr. Whitworth, Scc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, hit Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- H»"y *

ing, resolve itself into a Commit the of the whole House, D#t>t 14 to confidfer of the Petition of WFlamank and Sarah Harry.

And then thfe House adjourned till Tomorrow Morn* ing, Ten of the Clock.

Crown.

i7 Geo. III.

30

Mercuriif 30° die 5

Anno 17* Georgii III. U Regis, 1777.

PlAYKIt.

AM ESS AGE, by Sir Francis , Gen-

tleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of Mis Majesty’s Commisslon for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the ifh-

Sediate Attendance of this honourable House in the ouse of l^eers, to hear the Commission read. Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went tip to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers; where a Commission Under the Great Seal was raid; giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Aftnt to the several Publifc and Private Bills therein mentioned; and nlfo impowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal A Cent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Privy Seal, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; tit.

An Act for enabling the Mayor, Alderiheh, and Commons, of the City of Lon, to purchase the present Tolls and Duties payable for navigating upon the River Thames, West ward of London Bridge, Within the

Liberties of the City of London; and for lay ing a small Toll in lieu thereof, for the Purpose of more effectually completing the said Navigation; and for other Purposes:

An Act for expediting the Sale of the Estates in Acethmrf, belonging to The York Buildings Company for the Relief of their Creditors:

An Act for building a new Church within the Town and Parish of Buckingham:

An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut,. or Canal, froth the River , hi the Lorfl-ships Of Smchy and Long Eaton, in the County of Dtrth/' to or neat Langley in the Comities of

Derby and Nottingham:

An Act for opening Communications between Wapping Street and Ratcliff Highway, and between Old Grated Lane and Virginia Street: and for pavfrig certain Streets intended to be bnift, and also certain other Streets and public Passages and Places, Within the Parishes of Saint George, and Saint John of I tn

the County of MUdlesex:

An Act for lighting and watching the Turnpike Road leading from the Stones End, next Blackman Street, in the Pardh of Saint Mary, Newington, in the County of Surrey, to the Bridge at Walworth, in the

some Parish, and the several Roads, Ways, and Places therein described, communicating the rewith:

An Act for enlarging the Term, and altering the Powers, of an Act, made in she Twernty-feiglish Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, lh the Counties of Warxckkand so far , as relates to the Road from 77ieGuide Fiji in the Village of Adderbury, through Kit fling ton, to the Mile Way lead-

ing towards the C ity of Oxford:

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from in the Pari Hi

of ChickreU,to the Turnpike Road leading froln Brid-

VOL. 36.

455

port to Bridpo'rl Harbour, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the county of :

An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and keepingin Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, leading from a Gate in the Town and County of Poole, called Poole Gate; and for repealing Two Acts of Parliament, of the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Years of his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads; and also for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, towards paving and repairing & certain Street or Wav, within the said Town and County:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of art Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the' Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the several Roads therein mentioned, leading to, through, and from, the Town of Monmouth:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his tide. Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads, leading from and near the Town of Brewlbn, id the County of Somerset; and for repairing jand widening the Street from the North or North East End of Coombe Street, along Patwell Street, in the said Town of Bretidon, id the South or South East Side of Dymmd's River *

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roadleading from the Turnpike Road mtbd Parish of AJlhall, in the County of Oxford, to the Turn* pike Road at or near Buck land, in the County of Berks*

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Sheffield, in the same Riding: . 4 In

An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of ,the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Eighteen Milestone, beyond Willoughby Hedge, through the Town of Mere, in the County of Wilts, and through Wincanton to Charlton and from thenoe to Milbome Port, and from Willoughby Hedge aforesaid, to the West End of Long Land, in Kilmington, and from W incantoaforefoid, to The born Turnpike Cross Gate, on Cattle Hill, and from Wincanton to Sparkford, in the County of Somerset t An Act to enable the Archbishop of Canterbury, and Daniel Ponton, Esquire, to grant Building Leafas, pursuant to au Agreement entered into for that Purpose:

An Act for vesting in the Right honourable Robert Spencer, commonly called Lord Robert Spencer, and the Most Noble George Duke of Marlborough, One of the . Knights Corppanions of the Most Noble Order of the Garter, and the Heirs and Assigns of the fold Duke of Marlborough, the settled Estates of the said Losd Robert Spencer, situate in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for Sale of part of the settled Efrate of Sir Thomas Broughton, Baronet, situate in the County of Stafford-, ana ‘purchasing other Estates situate in the County of Chester, to be settled to the same Vfes; and for extitiguishing the said Sir Thomas Broitghton's Power of making Leaies for Lives, as to Part of his settled Estate in the County of and making

such Recompence to him for the same as therein js mentioned; .

An Act to enable John Bamewatl Esquire, to

settle a Jointure upon any Woman or Women he may hereafter nmrry:

An Act to enable Thomas Smith, Esquire,

and William Henry Asheton Smith, his Brother, to grant

Building, improving, and other Leases, of theEftutesde-vised by the W ill of William Smith, Esquire, deceased: An Act for vesting the undivided Moiety of the Rfet. verend Henry Osman, Clerk, and his Wife, of and in certain Lunds and Hereditaments, in she Parish. of King's Langley, in the County of Hertford, in Twftees, to be sold; and fot applying Part of the Money arising

by

45<5 3o'Jpr'dis. . ^1777.

1 Afleut by fuel) Sale, in Discharge of an Incumbrance upon Waste Grounds, Moors, or Commons, within the Bill*. the find Moiety; and for laying out the llelidue there- Manor and Barony of and Parish of Oving-

of in the Purchase of entire Melina ges, Iliads, or He- ham, in the County of Northumberland} reditaments, to he settled in Lieu thereof, to the same Au A ft for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields Lies: and Commonable Places of and within the Parish of

An Act for establishing and confirming Exchanges I Telford, in the County of Northampton: of divers M(‘linages, Lands, Tenements, and Ilcredi- An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common laments, litnate. Handing, lying, and being, within Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons,- and Common-the Hamlet of I Tight hill, in the Parish of Tad ley, in able Lands, within the Manor-and Parish of,

the County of Oxford, pursuant to Articles of Agree- Saint John, in the County of Oxford:

ment between the President and Scholars of Corpus An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open" and ChristiCollege, in the University of Oxford, and Simon ' Common Field and Commonable Lands, lying within Wif dome, Eftpiire; and for other Purposes therein the Townships and Liberties of and

mentioned: L Bourton, in the Parish of Cropredy, in the Coun-An Act to.enable the President and Scholars of the ty of Oxford:

College of Saint Mary Magdalen, in the University of An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclfiong, the Oxford, to grant Building Leases of certain Ground, Dole or Heath T^ands, Commons, and Waile Grounds,

Meflhages, 1 Ionics', and Buildings, in the Parish of Saint within the Parish of Feltlwrpe, in the County of ' John, Southwark, in the County of Surrey: Norfolk:

' '-An Act to enable the Feoffees and Trustees of an An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying, in Se-F'state in the County of Middlesex, given by Lawrence veralty, the Open Common Fields, Common Meaj "Sheriff, for the founding and maintaining a School dows, Common Downs, Waste Lands, and Common-itSid Alins Houses at Rugby, in the County of War- able Places, within the Parish of Market Lavington, in wirk^tbfell Part of the said Estate, or to grant Leases the County of Wilts:',' thereof,'or of any Part thereof, and to-efteftuate the An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common, or other Purposes therein mentioned: Moor, called alias Housedon, in the

Act for dividing and iiKrloling the Commons and . Parish of in the County of

AVhjle Grohnds within the Manor of Bolton, in the . land:

"CottutyofCumberland: An Act for confirming Exchanges of Lands and

‘An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons Tithes of and in the Open and Un inch) led Common 'find Malles, within the Manor of Egremont, in the Fields, within the Manor and Parish of Wendover, in County of Cumberland: the County of Buckingham-, and for establishing and

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common securing certain Annual Payments in Lieu of Tithes: and Waste Grounds, vv.ithin the Townships, Villages, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and dr Hamlets, of Carle foil, Brifco, and JVreay, within the Waste Grounds, and certain Common Fields, and also Manor or Lordship of Botchardgate, otherwise Prior Two Modes, called Waitham and

Iuird/hip, in tin; Parishes of Saint Cuthbert Carlisle, Moss, within the Manor of Yealands, in the Parish of and Saint Mary Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland: Wand County Palatine of Lancqfier An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf-Wetfle Grounds, in Najjington, Ydrwelt, Apethorpe, and tures, and other Commonable Lands, lying and being Woodneuion, within the Prebend or Peculiar of in Wykeham and Caudwell, in the Parish of Rothley, in

Najjington, in the County of Northampton: the County of Leicester:

1 - An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the An Act for dividing and inclosing Three several \ Open and Common Fields, Heaths, Half Year Lands, Moors or Commons, called Low Moor,

and other Commonable Meadows, Pastures, and Moor Holme, and the High Moor, situate in the several

Grounds, within the Parish of, Lit tie Crcffngham, in the Townships of Kirkby Ravenfworlh, Ravenfworlh, and

County of Norfolk: ,t in the Parish of Kirkby in the An Act for dividing and inolofing the Commons, or North Riding of the County of York:

Waste Lands, rwith-n, the Manor of Whittington, in the An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Braith-Gonnty of Sahpi. . , toaite, Esquire, with Elizabeth Browne, his now

'-; An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the fe- Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other ' veriil Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying Purposes therein mentioned: within the Manor and Parish of Farlam, in the An Act to enable William Kilborn, and his „l£Tue County of Cumberland: Male, to take and life the Sun ame of Burrowes,

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the fe- pursuant to the Will of John deceased.

veral- Moorfc, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying

within the Manor and Pari'#'i of Brampton, in the Coun- ' Ordered, That Colonel Egerton do carry to the Hatten; ty of Cumberland: Lords, the ingrossed Bill for the better regulating the

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, cer- Hat Manufactory, and desire the Concurrence of their

tain Commons, Lands, and Grounds, in the Town- Lordships thereto, ship of Tib (he If, in the County of Derby:

An Act ii»r dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-. Mr. Gascoyne preferred to the House, Africa*

moil Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish Return from the Commissioners for Trade and Plan- Company,

of Weston under Wethely, in the County of Warwick r:tations, to the honourable House of Commons, in Con-An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and sequence of the Address of the said House to His Ma-Common Fields, and other Commonable Lairds, in the jesty of the 29th Da_y of January last, relating to the Parish of Condico/c, in the County of Gloucester: general State of the Trade to Africa, the Condition of

An Act for dividing, allQtting, and inclosing, the the Forts and Settlements there belonging to the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of can Company, and in what Manner the several Sums - Wreningham, in the County of Norfolk: of Money granted by Parliament for maintaining and

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the supporting the same have been applied.

Old tVhole Year Inciofitres, Common Fields, Com- ‘ And the Title of the said Return was read, mons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Carlton And the said Return was also read.

Rode, in the County of Norfolk: Ordera/,* That the said Return do lie upon the Table,

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Tracts of to be perused by the Members of the House.

* *9 ,

Thornton

IncLture.

f.irmboroagh

iutlosure*

Civil List.

Tobacco Pi^« Clay.

17 Geo. III.

Ordered, That the said Return be printed.

'I Ire fair) Return is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. li. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Mr. Daniel Lafcellesreported from the Committee, to whom the Hill for dividing and melding the several Open Arable Fields, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, and the Common or Moor, within the Township of Thornton, in the Parish of Foj in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Hills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of One Oxgang of Land, and One House or Front dead, who could not be met with; and that the whole Property interested in the said Inclosure amounts to 6 ] Oxgangs of Land, and 16 Houses or Front-steads; and that no Person appeared before the Committee, to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the if !f, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Whew the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quel'tion icverally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Winchcombe Hartley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures. Downs, Commons, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Farmborough, in the County of Berks, was committed; and to whom the Petition

of tlx? Reverend Balfdi Price, Clerk, Patron of the Rt-story and Parish i. lunch of Farmborough, in the County of Berks, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of luclolure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had eonftdered tl»e said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame, to he true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the [.'ill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they bad directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments w'ere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolltd.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Support of His Majesty’s House hold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain, was read the Third Time.

ReJ'clvcd, That the B.ll do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Support of His Majesty’s Houlthold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain.

Ordered, That the Lord Xorth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concui rence.

Ref aired. That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of tho w hole House, to consider of allowing the Exportation of Tobacco Pi]>e Clay fioin this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies.

Vol. 36.

457

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Newbald Open Common Arable Fields, Wolds, Commons, and Indofur*j "Waste Grounds, in the Townships of North and South Neicbald, within the Parish of North New-

bald, in the County of York, w as read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Opert Common Arable Fields, Wolds, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Townships of North Newbald and South Neicbald, within the Parish of North in the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Barmby Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Ings, Com- Inclosure. mon, and other Waste Lands and Grounds; within the Township and Manor of Barm by upon the Moor, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Ings, Common, and other Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Township and Manor of Barmin/ upon the Moor, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do' carry the BiH to the Lords, and ddire their Concurrence.

A Bill to revive and continue such Part of an Act, Exportation made in the Jacft Session of Parliament, intituled, " An ^hea,>

" Act for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, and to the llland of Saini " Helena, and to the other Settlements belonging to " the United Company of Merchants of England " trading to the East Indies; and of Biscuit and Pease " to Nevfoundland, Nova ScotiaBay and " Labrador; and for indemnifying all Persons With " respect to advising or carrying into Execution His Majesty’s Orders of Council already made, for allowing the Exportation of Wheat and other Articles," as expired on the First Day of January, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, was read a,

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House upon the said Bill.

Mr. Purling presented to the FFoufe, according to Tea Order, a Bill for allowing a Drawback of the Duties e*Tp°iIe jt0 of Customs on the Exportation of Tea to Ireland: And re 11 ’ the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee, Brampton to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain lncl°fure* Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Ground,

.in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had *examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had bePn complied with (except, there being no Church in the Parish of Brampton, the Notices were affixed upon the Door of the Parish Church of Tor/.fey, being the nearest Church to the said Parish of Brampton, and the usual Place of A\ orship for the Paritbio-ners therein, and to the Repairs of which they contributed) and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the BiH, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of the Tithe of the Dale l and, which is about 80 Acres, and aflefi’ed to the Land Tax at 9s. id. per Annum; and also except the

6 A Owner

30° Apr.

PcnVi

Nat.

Hnrrv’t Debt to the Crown.

Admission of Stringers into the Gallery.

Lnmber.

458

30’ Aprilis.

A. 1777.

Owner of the said Dale Land, who is assessed to the Land Tax at £. 3. 11 s.4 d. and that the whole Annual Assessments of the Property interested in the Inclosure amount to^. 26. 18s.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee, to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the lie port in his Place*; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled.

Mr. Strahan reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for naturalizing Maria Perry was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committe* of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of William Flamank, and Sarah Harry, he now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Adam Drummond took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Adam Drummond reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Ilonfe was moved, That the Order, made upon the Firli Day of November last, " That the Serjeant " at Arms attending this House do, from Time to " Time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers that lie shall fee, or he informed of to be, in the " House or Gallery, while the House, or any Commil tec of the whole House, is fitting; and that no " Person so taken into Custody be discharged out of " Custody, without the Special Order of the House," might he read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Order, made upon the said Ifirst Day of November, " That no " Member of this House do presume to bring any

Stranger -or Strangers into the House or Gallery " thereof, while the House is fitting," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Orders be taken into Consideration in a Committee of the whole House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j J 16.

Mr. Fox f Mr.

9’\ Mr So it passed in the Negative.

Tellers Tortile Noes,1 Mr.

| 83.

Mr. Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to eoulider of allowing Lumber to be carried, irt British Ships, to the West India Blands, for a Time

to he limited, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as fjlloweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Planters in the West India Blands are in great Want of Staves, and other Lumber, lor the Cultiia-tion of their Plantations.

Resolved, I’hat it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is expedient to authorize British Ships to carry Lumber from the Baltic to the North Sea and the Mediterranean, for a limited Time, under certain Restrictions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it may be expedient, to grant a Bounty upon Staves, and other Lumber, imported from Canada,

F.ajl and WeJl Florida's, Nova Scotia, and the Bland of Saint Johfi's, to the West Indies and the Shore.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it may he also expedient to enable His Majesty’s Commissioners in North America, and Governor to grant Licences to the Commanders of British Ships to export Lumber to the West Indies, from the Port of New York, for a limited Time.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Ilesolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, that the House do agree with the Committee in the said Rel'olution;

It passed in the Negative.

The Third Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by inserting after the Words " John's," the

Words, " and from the MufquiloShore."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there in ferted;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by leaving out the Words, " and " the Mufquilo Shore."

And the Question being put, That the YVprds, " and " the Mufquilo Shore," Itand Part of the said Resolution;

It palfed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended. That it may be expedient to grant a Bounty upon Staves, and other Lumber, imported from Canada, East and West Florida's, Nova Scotia, and the Island of Saint John's, to the West Indies.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Kefolutiou;

It passed in the Negative.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Silk a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Manuta&ur* further continuing an Act, passed in the Sixt h Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to " prohibit the Importation of Foreign wrought Silks " and Velvets, for a limited Time, and for preventing " unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in €* the Silk Manufacture."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Harley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill; and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

Supply.

1

17 Geo. III. 3o° Aprilis. — i0 Mali, 459

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Wav* Rejblvcd, That this House will, upon FWrfai/Morn-md Means. i.ext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Annuities. Ordered, That the Bill for registering the Grants of Use Annuities, and for the b tter Protection of Infants aguiutl such Grants; be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Cloek.

yovify 1 die Maii;

Anno 17* Georgii III*" Regis, 1777.

Prayers.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Half or d

and Mr. Brorvning:

Mr. Speaker,

Lowst.borocsfc The Lord> have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Efcbv for amending the Road from the South East End of Koldl Bie I °'vn Loighborough, in the county of ,

to l)a by Bridge, near The Rajhes, and from the said Bridge to the South End of Bridge, in the same County; without any Amendment: And also, Dumfries* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act kc> ’ for repairing and widening several Roads in the County Rwuk of Dumfries \ and for converting the Statute Labour within the said County into Money, and for applying the same towards repairing the Highways within the same County; without any Amendment: And also, Holton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act , , T_ for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a certain Common,

or Walie Ground, called lab on in the Township of llalton, in the Manor of in the

Parirti of IVlutkirke, in the West Riding of the County of York;without any Amendment: And also,

The haveagrn d to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for dividing, allotting, and uiclosing, certain Commons, or Walie Grounds, within the several Townships of Kingjley, Neicfon near Nor lev, and Crcivti n,

in the Pantiles of Ft uu and IPc,. verbam, in the County of Chester; without any Amendment: And also,

Great The Ix>rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

tetafure ^or ^‘v‘ !'nS a,‘d iuelosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and M alle l^ands, within the Manor and Parish of Great Sturton, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

exported Bill for allowing a Drawback of the Duties of io Culioms'on ihe Exportation of Tea to Ireland, was Ireland, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill bo committed. litJolted, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Lradenbam Lord Brcind re Ber reported from the Cmnmitee,

I nc to fur*. to whom live Pull for dividing and ineloling the ' /pen and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and M alle Grounds, within the Manor and Parish o in the County of Lincol, was committed; That the Commitee had examined, and found that the Stand-V01. 36.

ing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with 3 and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of about 11 Acres of Old Inclosure, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole of the Lands ail'efted by the intended Inclosure coniills of 2,270 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time One by One j and, upon the Qu eft ion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for registering the Grants of Life Annuities, and for the better Protection of Infants against such Grants, be npw read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Sefcond Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, To morrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels: And that Mr. Renton, Mr. Stephens, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, tharMr from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, .

An Account of the Quantities of the several Sorts of Corn, which (agreeably to an Act passed in the 13th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, " An Asci to regulate the Importation and Exportation " of Corn") huve been warehoused in Scotland, speci-fving the Times and the Port wherein the same have been lodged: Also an Account of the Quantities from Time to Time taken out for Re-exportation, and the Quantities from Time to Time taken out for Sale in the Home Market, from the lime of passing the said Act to the 26th November 1776, being as far as the same can be made up.

Mr. Mitford also, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of what Number of Ships from

land have been employed in the Whale Filliery to

Davis's Streights and the Greenland Seas; with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence fitted out, and at what Port they were discharged: Also what Quantity of Oil and YVhale Fins each Ship has imported, from the 10th of 1775, to the 10th

of October 1776.

And then he withdrew'.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongli the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Skipwish reported from the Committee, to

whom

Annuitie*.

Mariner*

and

Seamen.

Scotland;

Accounts,

Customs.

Warwick

Gaol.

in Mali. A 1777-

whom the Petition of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Warwick, in General Quarter Session assembled, was referred; That the Commitee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Lloyd, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Common Gaol of the said County, situate in the Borough of Warwick, is too small for the Reception and Confinement of Prisoners, and that the Justices of the Peace have, upon that Account, been obliged to commit many Offenders to the House of Correction for the said County, who ought to have been committed to the Common Gaol, if there had been Room to receive them.

That the House of Correction was presented by the Grand Jury, at the Assizes held fcfr the said County on the 23d of March 1776* by reason of the Insufficiency and Small ness thereof.

That the Justices being' of Opinion, That certain Premisses adjoining to the said House of Correction, (and which also adjoin to the said Common Gaol) should be purchased for enlarging the said House of Correction, the same were accordingly purchased, and conveyed, upon Trust, to be made Use of as Part of the House of Correction.

That since the Purchjife it hath been found, that it will be much more convenient and useful for the County, if the Whole, or the greatest Part of the said Premisses were made Use of for enlarging the said County Gaol, as in that same it will become unnecessary to enlarge the said House of Correction, or at least to apply the Whole of the said Premisses for such Enlargement. — And the Witness further said. That he apprehends the said Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament, the said Premisses being wholly veiled in Trustees for the Purpose of enlarging the said House of Correction.

A Member present informed Your Committee, That he apprehended it would be of Benefit to the County, if the Justices were empowered to appropriate, for such Time as they shall think proper. Part of the Premisses aforesaid, as a Place for depositing and keeping the Public Rolls and Records of the County.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Common Gaol of the County of Warwick, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Mr. Skipioithand Sir Charles Uolte do prepare and bring iu, the fame.

Grafton An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Underwood Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Inclosure. Common Padurcs, in the Manor and Parish of Grafton Underwood, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pall tires, in the Mqnor and Parish of Under-

wood, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Knight ley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

County of Nottingham, Was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th o 1774, relative

to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee iiad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fa ne to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; (except the Owners of 6 Messuages, 37 Acres of Open, Arable, and Meadow Ground, arid of 33 Acres of Old Inclosure, who could not be met with: and except the Owners of 3 Messuages, 10 Acres of Open Ground, and 23 Acres of Old Inclosure, who were neuter; and except the Owners of 3 MdTuages, 23 Acres of Open Ground, and 26 Acres of Old Inclosure, who reiufed to sign the Bill; and that the Number of Messuages amounts to 66, the whole Number of Acres to be inclosed amounts to 556, and the whole Number of Acres of Old Inclosure amounts to 934; and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to repdrt to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon; were agreed to by the I louse.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir George Sac He reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing several Commons, Moors, or Waste Grounds, and Open Common Fields, in the Township of Barnsley, within the Parish of Silkjton, in the County of York, was committed; and to whom the Peril ion of the Reverend Henry Wood, Doctor of Divinity, Owner of divers l^ands and Tenements in the Township of ley, within the Parish of Silkston, in the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates of the Annual Value off. 203, or thereabouts, who refused

to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Estates entitled to Right of Common upon the Lands intended to be inclosed is of the Annual Value of £. 2,471, or thereabouts) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill.

Kefolved, That the said Bill be re-commifted.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed. '

Perry'i Nat. An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Maria Perry, was read the 'Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, Aif Act for naturalizing Maria Perry.

Ordered, That Mr. Strahan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Pameif.eld Sir Richard Sutton reported from the Committee, Imlolurc. to whom the Bill for div iding and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Palhrves, Forest, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Famesfdd, in the 16

Lord BrownlowBertie reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Dales, and Common Fen, within the Parish of in the Coun-

ty of Lincoln; and for draining and preferring the said Dales and Common Fen, and also certain inclosed Low Lands thereto adjoining, in the said Parish, was committed ;That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he trite; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except

the

Barnflev

Inclosure.

BUIinohay

Drahi.'.ge,

&c.

17 Geo. III.

Mail

461

the Proprietors of 70 Acres of Land, or thereabouts, and of Two Common Rights, who Could not be found, or refused to sign the Bill j and that the said Fields, Meadows, and Dales, intended to be inclosed, contain in the Whole 3,615 Acres, or thereabouts, and ,164 Houses and Toftsteads which have Common Rights; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the'Committee had. gone through the Bill, and made.several Amendments there-' unto, which they had directed him to-report to the House; and he read the Repbrt in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Bililnghay A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was preftnted to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the; etitioners have perused a Clause in-felted therein, by whk h the Power and Jurisdiction of the Commissioners for executing an Act made in the Second Year of His present Mrjofty, for draiuing and preferr ing certain I.ow Lamb, cull' d Fees, lying on both Sides of the River " County of

coln, and for restoring and mfen'aining the Navigation of the said River, from The High Bridge in the CiBv of Lincoln, through the Borough of B iton, to the SeSi, Will’be taken from them, and the Works of Draiiaige

considerably injured: And therefore praying,.That they may be heard, by themselves or Connie!, agaiuit

the said Clanfe.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table'.until the said Report be taken into Consideration: and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Coutifel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be-admitted to be heard, at

the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Report b« taken into Considerapon upon Turf day Morning next.

move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of I lis M'ajesty’s Treasury to compound a Debt due to the Crown, ,from the Estate of William Harry, deceased;mnd his Syre-' ties. ' ->'-’; *

And Mr, Adam Drummond moved thg House, accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring, in a' Bill %o enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s li-qg-fury, to compound a Debt due to the<iro.wn, fromj^e Estate of William Harry, deceased, and hfs Sureties:

And that Mr. Adam Drummond, and Sir. Herbert Mackicorth, do prepare and bring in, the fame. - ‘;

». i. *. *>.

The Order of the Day being fead;, for the IR#ife4o Import resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hnuie, and Export U|K>n the Bill to amend and render nioreetfeciaa! so ^orn-

much of Two Acts, made in the Thirteenth: and Four- .

teenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty/tfs relates to the regulating the Importation, and-Exportation of Corn, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland:

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday, Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.:.; -

A Motion was made, and the Question. bfing ppt. Duration of . T*hat I^eave be given to bring in a^RUi for iboutening faduments. the Duration of Parliaments^ . < .

The House divided.

The Yeas went fort In < ,.

Mr. AHerman .» ~

J:

Tellers for the ' fapX.

(. re: j -

Aftton A Petition of the fevaral Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being principal Inhabitants, also Owners and Proprietors, of divers Messuages, Lands, and PremiHes, in the Manor and Parish of Ashton Kei/nes, in the county of ; and having Right of Common, and’,other. Rights and Privileges, in the Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Ground®, within the said Manor and Parish, was presentrd to the House, and read; taking Notice.ojf the Bill lor dividing and iudofing 1 lie.Opeu and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pallures, and other Commoimhh (> rounds, in the Manor and Parish of Ashtni Kin the County of Wilts’, and Setting forth, That the Petit ioners are of Opinion, if the said Bill (hoidd pass in*o a Law in its present Form and Powers* that the l.ime will be of material Prejudice to tligir Rights and Property: and therefore praying. That they may be heard by tliemfehes or Couijfel (as the Jloufe JhaJl direfy) agaffift the passing the said intended Bill into a Law in its present-Formand I’owerp. .

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie ufjoYj she'Tb-l ble, until the Report be received from tli^Cwmiiittee,.1 to whom the said BSlwaa iianni.it\ed; Hi*FtJigt)the>Pe--titioners hethen heard by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, jf they think lit.

Ordered, That Counsel be- ndrtiittvd to beltetofdj-at the same Time, in Favour of tlfe said* BilR'against ther laid Petition.

Ordered, Thatnhc said Report he received upon ' WPdTnftHdyMorning next.

Harry* Debt Mr. Adam Drummbrtd, accor<Ting to Order reported to the from the Committee of the whole I louse, to whom the Crown. petition of William Fla and Sarah Harm/, was , ^Mferrcd; That he was directed by the Committee to Vot. 36.

Tellers for thfr Noes, j T. }v58- .....,

So it passed in the Negative.

( ? T) Fj i

The Order of the Day being read,./or the Second General* Reading of the Bill for repealing ibinuoh of an a4> made in the Thirteenth Year of, His. pre/eut Majestyls Breacitl’, 0£ Reign, intituled, "An Act ito explain, amend, and Wheels.

" reduce into One Act of Parliament, the general " Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike " Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England,

" andj for other Purposes," as-i6 to subject Carriages baying the Fellies of the Wheels thereofof less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches to the Payment of Double Tolls;

The said Bill-was read the Second Tim(e, .

‘ And a Motion bding made, inuf the Question being put, that the Bill be committed; I The House divided.

The Y'eas went forth. 1

- TnUnrftfnr the Yeas. 5 Mr* Thomas Tozvn/hcnd, 7 Foheretor the \ eas, j George Oirftcu): y

— - . fSir. Henri/ Hoghton, 1

Tellers for the Noe.S|Mr Qjlbert . & j 55-

Soil passed in the Negative: v.j . i.T

Sir James Lorvtherreported from the Committee^ to Westmoreiand

whdtii- the Petition of several’Justices of the Peace, G»ol*nd ‘Gentlemen, Clergy, and FVeeholders, of the County Shu*Hall, of; Westmoreland, whose Names are -thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was, referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the isaid; Petition and hid, directed him to report the feme, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same ' was read; and is as followeth; viz

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed your ’COrhnlittete, That the Gaol and Shire Hall being tcto'small, Und in many other Respects inconvenient, and from the Nature of their Situations, incapable of being enlarged and rendered

6 B commodious

462 i° — -2° Maii.

commodious, a proper Piece of Ground in a more convenient 'Situation had been purchased for a long Term nf Years, m order to build a new commodious Gaol and Shi re Hall.

That a new Gaol had been already built on Part of . the said Ground, and that the Shire Hall is now building, but ismot yet finiftied; and that it will require a Oonfiderable Sum of Money, above what has been already expended therein, to defray the Expence of building the said new Gaol and Shire Hall.

Ordered, That Leave be givento bring in a Bill for defraying the 'Expence of building a new Gaol and ShireHall, for the County of And that

Sir James JLowtherA Sir Michael le Fleming, and Mr. latQtJier, do prepare, end bring in, the lame.

„ TO 'Mr- Alderman Jfaftey, according to Order, reported the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill jfor further continuing an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled.

An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign " wrought Silks and Velvets, for a limited Time, and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture," was committed; the Amendme.pt which the Committee had made to the * Bill,4nd which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Cleric’s Table: Where the Amendment was 'Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered,'That the Bill, with the Amendment, be

ingrafted.

The other Older of the t)ay being read;

SspftMfee Fobbed, That this House will. Tomorrow Mom* iag, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole WwUfltc* Up<m Bm to revive and continue such Part

of an Act mode in the last Session of Parliament, in* titu led, *An Act for allowing the Exportation of cer-

tam Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, and to the " Island of Saint Helena, and to the other Settlements " belonging to the United Company of Merchants of ~ England trading to The Eqfi *nd of Biscuit

" and Pease’to Newfoundland, Neva Scotia, Bay " leur, and* (Labrador; and dbriindemdifying all Persons with rCfpeft to(odvifiogtoi icarrying inteExecution His Majesty-s Orders of-Gouncil already made, " for allowing the Exportation of Wheat and >Qth$r Articles," as expired on (the First Day of Janyarj One thousand Seven’hundred and Seventy iseven.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Ten of the Cloak.

VenerUy 29die Maii\

Anno 17* Georg’.i III"1 Regis, 1777.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Wilford, Money from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and at the Bar, pigfented to the House, K pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of all Sums of Money which haveheen issued, by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made gopdjjy Parliament.

Mr. Wilford ulfp from the Exchequer, presented to the Ho'use, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Monies paid, fmoe the 5th D&y of January, >1777,40 Dmcan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing, Convicts on the River Thames.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The laid Accounts are as followeth; we.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, apd Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been lined by His Majesty’s Order, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

To John Hatfell, Esquire, towards defraying vthe Expence of printing the Journals of the House of Commons - - -r - . - ,

To William Bawyer, Gentleman, towards defrayingtfce Expence of printing 1,250 Copies of

such Parliamentary and other Records as His Mqjffty shall think it - -

To Edward Moore, Esquire, for making a General Index to the Journals of the House of Commons - - »f - - - - .* *

To Kenton Couse, Esquire, to compleat repairing and enlarging the J|Cing’.s Bench Prison -- ».«»

C s. d.

VQQ — —

5,000 — — 1^200

6,260 2 —

1 3,060 2 —

Exchequer, the and ideal Wtfford.

Day of Mel *177'

to

i7 Geo. III.

a* Maii,

463

To the honourable the Knight*, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament nflsembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies paid, since the 5th o 1777, to Duncan Campbell,^qairs^ for the

Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing, Convicts on the Barer Than

The Monies paid, since the 5th of January 1777, to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employ ing, Convicts on the River Thames, amount to the Sam of One thousand Eight hun- ' dred and Seventy-nine Pounds Ten Shillings and Six Pence.

Educt Wilford.

Exchequer, the and

Day of May 1777.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ifeweaftk Mr. Papham, from the Select Committee, who were Urhvu7n<? *PP°*nted to try and determine the Merits of the.Pe-tit ion of Andrew Bcbinjbn Bowes, Esquire, and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Burgesses and Electors of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, severally complaining of

an undue Election and Return of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Town, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Sir John Trevelyan, Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Newcastleupon Tyne.

And the said Determination was ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Sir Edward Ajlley reported from the Committee, te 7"0* whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Jaekfen, and Hannah his Wife, to carry into Execution an Agreement for Sale of certain Hereditaments, situate at or near Barney, in the County of Norfolk (being their settled Estate) to Richard Reeve the Younger, Gentleman; and for laying out the Money arising by fudh Sale in the Purchase of other lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the L’festo which the said settled Estate doth now stand limited, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table,

And the said BUI was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Edward do -carry the BfU to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this tioufe hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Waterhouse’i Sir John Goodrkke reported from the Committee, Charitiei. to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for uniting and better regulating the Charities of Nathaniel Waterhouse, within the Town and Parish of Halifax, in the Ridiogof the County of York, vee& committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to fee true -, and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee j and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Vol. 36.

And the said Bill was read the ThirdTime,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Goodrkke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir James Pennyman reported from the Committee, SwinjbwndV to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, *"*

An Act for vesting certain Messuages and Hereditaments, in the several Parishes of KirkLowick, and Sinumbume, in the County of Northumberland, late Part of the Estate of Sir John Stotnbume, Baronet, de* ceased, in Trustees and their Heirs* in Trust, to be sold* discharged from the Uses, Trusts, Charge^, and Powers, in the Will of the said John Swinburne mentioned, and for applying the Money to arile by Sale thereof, in the Manner therein mentioned; and for other Purpose* therein expressed, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Sa^ tistaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir James Pennyman do carry the B ill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Witmot reported from the Committee, to whom Wheatley1# the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Pieces or Parcels of Ground and Hered itaments, i n the County of Kent, Part of the settled Estate of William Wheatley, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold to Sir Sampson Gideon, Baronet, pursuant to Agreement; and for laying out the Money arising by Sal*

♦hereof in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, was Committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill,

-to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him' to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered «the BiM in at the Clerk’s Table.

A*t the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refdivtd, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilmot do carry the Bill to the Cords and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed -to thefarae, without any Amendment.

Sir George Yonge reported from the Committee, to

whom

464 i* Matt. 1777.

whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging Part of the settled Estates of Thomas Hull, Esquire, in the Counties of Dorset and from the Uses and Trulls of his Marriage Settlement, and for settling other Estates in the County of in Lieu thereof; and for.other Purposes,. was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir George Yonge do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Wrfton Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee,

iKlofure to w*10m for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,

u ' the Open and Common Fields, Commonable I^ands, Cow Paftnre or Shrub, Town Green, Heath, and "Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Wefion Colville, in the County of Cambridge, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied - with; and that the Committee had examined the Al-

legations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; ipul that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except the Proprietor of One Acre One Rood and One Perch; and, that the \ hole of the Lands intended to be inclosed contain 1,9.70 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made feveiral Amendments there-wnto,.)ybich they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and jiftcrwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments

Sore Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, hie by One; and upon the Question severally put jercuport, were, agreed to by the House.

... Ordered# That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

t ' '

TrattlCi Mr- James Worjley reported from the Committee, (ard o hers) to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, Estates. All Ael for vesting certain Messuages, Landsj Tenements, and Hereditaments, in The isle of Wight, the settled Estate of Elizabeth Trattle, of Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan, Widow; and also accrt&in Messuage, and Lan<js and Hereditaments, of the Warden and Scholars, Clerks, of Saint Mary College, of Win-chef er, near JP«| u-ltejiqr, in the County of in Trufic es, in Trust, ,|o fell and Chnvey Part of the said settled Eftatg,"and, alfft the said Estate of tike said ^Warden apd Scholars, Clerks, to Sir Richard Worjley, Baronet; and other Part of the said settled Estates, to tTie fail I Warden and Scholars, Clerks; and to apply Part of the Money arising from such Sale, in paying oft an Incumbrance aftectuig Part of the said settled *Pftate; and for laying out the Residue of the said Money in the Purchase of other Lands, and Heredita-

# % J *

inputs to be settled to the like Uses; and to enable the fai<(. Warden and Scholars, Clerks, to take a Conveyance of that Part of the said settled Estates intended to be conveyed to them, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be.true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; gnd that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the ll<^ule.

without any Amendment: and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do p’afs.

Ordered, That Mr. James Worjley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment. *

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Hatam and Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds,. Ed:ogtey within the Parishes of Jialarn and Edingley, in the County of Nottingham, was read (he Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields

Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Hatam and Edingley, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Lord Edward do.cdrry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open EieafW Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Inclosure. Grounds, within the Parish of Ble hi the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing arid inclosing the Open Fiefds,

Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Bleajby, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Lord Edward Bentinck do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Skipxvith presented to the House, according to W rwick Order, a Bill for enlarging the public Gaol of the County’ of Warwick, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the fdme was received; and read, the First Time.!

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

r

Mr. George Onfotoreported from the Committee, to Ln«l whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An ^nfloJ"gU. Act for confirming and establishiugan Exchange agreed to be made between the Right honourable George Lord Or flow and Cranky, and William Luck, Gentleman, arid Edmund Luck, kis Son, was committed; That the Committee: luid examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame;to lie.true; and that the Parties concerned liad given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of Iho Committee; and that the Committee; had directed him tt> report the Bill to the House, without an-v Amendment.: And he delivered the Bill in at tike Clerk’^ Tfible. . 1 - .

: A'nd the said Bill was read tile Third Time.

: Resolved, That the Bilk do pals. . - 1.

; Ordered, That, Mr. Georga Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords;,andhrquaint them, that tins I louse hath agreed to the fanitv without any Ataeridment.

The Earl Vfrrie§\reported frcmV'the Committee, to Phiii;- whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords; intituled, An Ethow Act Tbr veiling tbd’Real \Estates iate of Ann Phillips,

Spirifter, now the Wiie of Henry Baynes, Gentleman; comprised in thehr.Marriage Settlement, situate in the County of Salop, in Truth es, to be sold; and for applying the Prirchale Money for' the Purposes in the , Act mentioned, wrts committed.; That the Committee had examined the: Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to lie true; afed that the Parties concerned :had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had di-rested him to.report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill >in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the laid Bill was read the Third Time. . '

Rejblvtsd', That the Bill do pal’s.

’ . ?.. Onleredt

t7 Geo. III. a" Mail. 46$

Ordered, That the Earl do carry the Bill io the

Lords; and acquaint them, that this Hoilfe hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

fc*0"’* Mr. Luther reported from the Committee, tb whom Name* the Bill to enable Isaac Marlin Rebaw, Esquire, to take and use the Surname of M dr tin, pursuant to the Will of Matthew Martin, Esquire, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and fonnd the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

GUmortea

Indofare,

Ail ingrossed Bill for inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Grounds, within the Parish of Gilmorton, in the County of was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Grounds, within the Parish of Gilmorton, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerfo do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

"Mr. It night ley reported from the Committee, to whom *re* the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Shears Ashby, in the County of Northamptonwas Committed; That the

Committee hud examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and fonnd the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Two Yard Lands and an Half; and that the Whole of the Fields intended to be inclosed confifis of Fifty Yard Lands Two Quarters and an Half; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read through* out; and then a Second Time,- One by One; and, upon the Question fed erally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Buller of Mortal reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Real and' Personal Estate of John Harvey, Gentleman, a Lunatic, in Trustees, in Trull, to fell so much thereof as will be sufficient for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of John Harvey, his late Father, deceased, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Buller of Mortal do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Charles MelliOi reported from the Committee, to V'OL. 36.

Harvey’*

Estate,

Costs of Witnesses,

whom the Bill for the Payment of Coils to Parties; and Charges to Conilables, Witnfefles, and others, on Com-

glaints determined before Justices of the Peace out of eflions; for the Payment of the Charges of Confta- t bles in certain Cafes; and for the more effectual Pay* mfent of Charges to Witnesses and Prosecutions Of any Larceny dr other Felony, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; arid afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Secbnd Time; One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Comptroller Of the Househbid reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed* Bill from the Lords, te' intituled, An Act for Sale of the settled Estate of Philip Egerton, Esquire, in the County of Flint; and for inventing the Money in the Purchase of other Ef-tates, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

' And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass;

Ordered, That Mr. Comptroller of the Household do Carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir James Lowther presented to the House, accord- WestmoreUni lug to Order, a Bill for defraying the Expence of build* lug a new Gaol and Shire Hall, for the County of $hire Hall. JWefimoreland,: And the same was received; arid read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the City of Glouccjier, whbfe Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House; and read; Setting forth, That Gloucester the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill was Street*, lately brought into the House, for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Severn, at Maifemore, in the County of Glmicefier; for repairing and making commodious Gateway, leading from the said City, towards Maifemore aforesaid; for enforcing the proper Paving and Cleansing of the several Streets within the said City; and for removing Nuisancesand Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and that the said Bill, as altered by the Committee to whom the Dame was committed, is, as the Petitioners apprehend, a very great Grievance to them, and to all the principal Inhabitants of Gloucester, and Persons of the moll considerable Property there; and that the Petitioners understand, that a very largeSum is to be raised, upon the Credit of the Tolls of the Turnpike, to which Overs Cavfeooay leads, for the repairing and widening

the said Causeway; but apprehend, there cannot be the least Foundation for thus burthening the Public, in order to exonerate the Corporation of Gloucester, as there are several considerable Estates granted by Dame Johan Coke, Widow, to the Mayor and Burgesses of Gloucester and their Successors, by Indenture Tripartite, bearing Date on or about the Eleventh of January, in the gift of Henry the Eighth, in Stonehouse, Oxlinch, Ebley, Standish, Westbury, and Chaxhill, in the said County of Gloucester (exclusive of £.5 a Year, granted them in the said Indenture) for the express Purpose of keeping the Wef gate Bridge and Overs causeioay in Repair, besides the Tolls granted them by their Charter of the

6 C _ 24th

0

466 2° Maii, A. 1777.

24th of Charles the Second, for the same and other Purposes therein mentioned; and therefore, the Petitioners conceive, it would be the greateii Hard ship on the Public, to be loaded with this heavy Hurthen, in Exoneration of the very large Estates and lolls granted to the said Corporation for this express Purpose, more especially as the said Corporation do not pretend that their Revenues are any Way inadequate for that Purpose; and that the Petitioners also understand, that the 12 Aldermen have a Power vested in them, by the said Bill, for raising Money for paving the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, in the City of whereas,

by the Charter of the 24th of Charles the Second, the Tolls therein mentioned were granted to the Corporation of Gloucester, in Consideration that the Mayor and

Burgesses were at great Expences in maintaining and re-paving Gates, Pavements, &'c.; and the Petitioners conceive, that the Revenues of the Corporation of Gloucester chargeable therewith are amply sufficient to pave, clean fe, and repair, the Streets and Lanes of the bid City; and that, in case any additional Aid is necessary, for repairing and cleansing the said Streets and Lanes, the same should be veiled in proper Commissioners, to be appointed for that Purpose; and that veiling the same in the Aldermen alone is a very great Grievance to the Petitioners, as, in all or the greateii Part of the Acts passed for the like Purposes, it has been thought right to veil the Powers in Commissioners, to which general Practice the Petitioners are sorry to be made a particular Exception: And therefore praying, That they may be at Liberty to be heard, by their Counsel against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law.

%tvtT* A Petition of several Inhabitants and Proprietors of Lands, in the Parish of , in the County of

Gloucester, was also presented to the House, and read;

Streeta, Setting forth, That, about Seventy Years ago, there was a wooden Bridge for Foot and Horse Passengers only, over the River Severn, at Maifmore aforesaid, which being out of Repair, an Indictment was preferred! against the Parish, and they agreed (in order to accommodate and benefit the Public) with the County of Gloucester, to submit to a Fine of £. 200, and the County Stock was also to contribute £. 200, and the said Bridge was to be converted into a Bridge for Waggons and Carriages; and that a Bridge for Carriages was accordingly built, and has been enjoyed by the Public us such ever since; and that the Lord of the Manor and I nhabit ants of Maifemore moreover granted a large Quantity of Meadow Ground, upon a Lense for Three Lives, for keeping the same and the Causeway leading therefrom in Repair; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that, as the Public have been so long accommodated with a Carriage Bridge as aforesaid, it mull now be considered as a County Bridge, and be repaired by the County; and that the Petitioners conceive, that all Applications to Parliament for Aid and Assistance are founded on the Inability of the Persons so apply ing, but apprehend that this cannot be alledged in Behalf of the opulent County of Gloucester and the Petitioners submit, that it will be the greateii Hardship to burthen them with a Toll at their very Doors, in Exoneration of the County of Gloucester, moreespecially as the Petitioners have contributed so largely for the public Utility; and that, about fifty Years ago, an Act passed for erecting a Turnpike on the Road through Maifemore, and has been since renewed , that, in consideration of the Grant of the fiud Meadow Ground, the Inhabitants of Maifemore were exempted from Tolls in the Two first, but in the last Act they were only exempted for Seven Years, and the said Meadow Ground is now in the Hands of the Commissioners of the said Tunpike; and the Petitioners apprehend it to be the greateii Hardship, that they should not only pay aToll to the Road, but also to a Bridge, and yet to be deprived of their Land without their Consent; And* therefore praying, That they may be heard, by

their Counsel against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report which was made from the Commitee, to whom the Bill for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Severn at Maifemore, near the City of Gloucester; for repairing and making commodious OversCause-tvay, leading from the said City, towards Maifemore aforesaid; for amending and altering the Bridge over another Branch of the said River Severn, near the West Gate of the said City; and for enforcing the proper paving and cleansing of the several Streets within the said City; and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future, was committed, be taken into Consideration; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Ham- Mile End let of Mile End Old Town, in the Parish of Saint Dun- Nightly fan. Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, was presented Watch, to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Inha-. bitants of the said Hamlet, agreeable to their Resolutions, formed at several Meetings, did consent, that, for the Safety and Convenience of themselves, and all Persons passing and repairing the Roads and Avenues of the said Hamlet, a well-regulated Watch should be established within the said Hamlet; and, upon their Petition to the House, Leave was given to.liring ih a Bill for that Purpose only; and that the Petitioners are informed, that a Petition, signed only by a few Inhabitants of the said Hamlet, has been presented, praying for Provision to be made for lighting the said Hamlet; and a Bill for both those Purposes is now depending before the House, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the original Petition; and the Petitioners apprehend, that, should Power be given for byth watch-ing and lighting the said Hamlet, the Bnrthen of the Rate to be levied for those Purposes would greatly affe& the lower Classes of Inhabitants, who are not able, to pay the same;' and that the High Road through the said Hamlet, being Turnpike, is lighted during the Winter Season, at the Expence of the Traftees of the said Road; and fyndry of the said Inhabitants d6 also, at their own Expence, contribute to the placing of Lights in various other Parts of the said Hamlet, for the Convenience of Persons passing through the fame:

And therefore praying, That the Power of lighting may be expunged from the Bill, and that a Bill for only watching the said Hamlet may pass, or that the Petitioners may be at Liberty, to withdraw the whole _ ,

of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for lighting and watching the 1 Iamlet of End Old Towif, in the Parish of Saint Dunfian Stepney, otherwise Slebonheath, in the County of is committed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Dyers See. whom the Bill to allow the Mailer Dyers and Caliico regulating Printers, within the Counties oi’.Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, t!-e Trade, and Kent, to employ Journeymen, in their respective Trades, who have not served Appienticeships thereto, was committed, be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, Expiring who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, Ljw». or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them arc fit to be revived or continued;

That the Committee had enquired accordingly, and had *

come

17 Geo. Ill 2* Mail. 467

come to several Resolutions, which they had directed Term of Five Years, and from thence- to the End of him to report to the Iloule; and lie read the Report in the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by his Place, ayd afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s another Act,.made in the Tw elfth Year of the Reign of Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were His present Majesty, was amended, and further c»n-reud, and are as followeth, viz. tinued for the Term of Three Years; and which, by

lit foiled, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, another Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign That so much of an Act, made in the Third Year of of His present Majesty, was further continued for the the Reign of His pit lent Majesty, intituled, "An Act Term of Three Years, and from thence to the End of " to continue and amend Tw o Acts, made in the 21st the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring,

" and 28th Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for en- and fit to be continued.

couraging the making of Indico in the British Plan- The First Resolution of the Committee being read " tations in America; and for extending the Provisions a Second Time, was postponed.

of an Act of the 30th Year of his late Majesty’s The Second Resolution of the Committee being read * Reign, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into a Second Time, was, upon the Question put therethis Kingdom, to SpanijhPrize Goods taken since upon, agreed to by the House.

" the late Declaration of War with Spain," as relates to The Third Resolution of the Committee being read encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plan- a Second Time, was postponed. tations in America, and which was to continue in Force The Fourth Resolution of the Committee being

for Seven Years from the 25th Day of March 1763, read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put ami from thence to the End of the then next Session of thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the The Fifth Resolution of the Committee being read Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was a Second Time, was postponed. further continued until the 2^th Day of March 1777, Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Com-and from thence to the End of the then next Session of mittee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued. consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Supply granted to His Majesty, that they do consider That an Act, made in the 10th Year of the Reign of of the Acts mentioned in the First, Third, and Fifth His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regiller- Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have " ing the Prices at which Corn is fold in the several been postponed.

" Counties of Great Britain, and the Quantity ex- '

" ported and imported," which was to continue in Mr. Alderman Wilkes reported from the Committee, Kensington Force for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of to whom the Bill for the better Relief, Employment, Poor» &<s* the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring. Regulation, and Government, of the Poor of the Pa-and fit to be continued. rish of Saint Mary Abbotts, Kensington, in the County

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, of M and for building a Workhouse for the That an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of Reception of the said Poor; and also for enabling the His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for encourag- Trustees for the Time being of certain Charity Estates,

" ing the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the belonging to the said Parish, to grant Leases, thereof;

" Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, and to maqage and improve the fame., and apply, the " when the Price of ftieli Bark shall exceed a certain Kents and Profits thereof, in the Manner therein ttfenRate, for a limited Time," which was to continue in tioned; and for explaining and amending an Act: of Force for Fne Years, and from thence to the End of Parliament, palfed in the Twenty-ninth Year of! the the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring. Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, iri-and fit to be continued. ti tilled, "An Act to empower the Churchwardens*

Rrfi hcd, That is is the Opinion of this Committee, " Overseers of the Poor, and Vestry, of the Parish of That so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year " Kenfinglop, in the County of to make a

of the Reign of 1 lis present Majesty, intituled, " An " Kate, or Rates, for the Relief of the Poor, and the " Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Sixth " better repairing of the Highways, and cleansing the " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " Streets, within the said Parish," was committed;

" An Act for opening and cflablishing certain Ports in That the Committee had; examined the Allegarions of " the lilands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the free Importation and Exportation of certain Goods Committee had gone through the Bill, and made fevo

" and Merchandizes; for granting certain Duties; to ral Amendments thereinto, which they had directed " defray the Expences of opening, maintaining, secur- him. to repost to the House; and he read the Report ing, and improi ing, such Ports; for aicertaiiiing the in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with " Duties to be paid upon the Importation of Goods the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:. Where " from the said Wand of Dominica into this Kingdom, the Report was read. .

" and for securing the Duties-, upon Goods imported And the House being informed, that several other " from the said island into any other British Colony; Amendments are necessary to be made to the said " and for allowing Timlier and Wood to be exported Bill;

" from the said island of Dominica, into any other of RefThat the said Bill be re-committed.

" the British Wands, Colonies, or Plantations, in Arne- ReThat the said Bill be re-committed to the

" rica, for a limited Time," as relates to allowing Tim- Committee, to whom the same was committed, ber and Wood to be exported from the island of Domi-

nica, into any other of the British lilands, Colonies, Mr. GWcfoni reported from the Committee, to whom Ramlbuty

or Plantations, in America, for a limited Time, which the Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Cdm- Inclosure. was to continue in Force until the First Day of No- mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pallures, vember 177b, and from thence to the End of the then and other Commonable Grounds, in the Tithingsf or > next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to Liberties Town, Park Town, Whittonditch,

be continued. Ea/f rid and Baydon, within the Manor of

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, in the County of was committed; and to whoih That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of the Petition of Joseph Elderton, Esquire, was. referred;

His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing That the Committee had examined, and fbghd that the " a Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cord- Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th April " age; and for discontinuing the Drawbacks upon Fo- 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied " reign rough Hemp exported;" which was to be with; and that the Committee had corificfafied the said in Force from the First Day July 1766, for the Petition; and had examined the Allegations' of the.

V$l. jti. ' ' Bill, ‘

2® Mail.

4<58

Bill, and (band the same to be true; and that the Par* ties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 163 Acres and Taro Roods, and who are entitled to 321 Sheep Commons upon Part of the Commonable Grounds intended to be inclosed, who refused to sign the Bill; and also except the Proprietors of 108 Acres, and who are entitled to Four Horse Commons, 12 Cow Commons, Seven Runner Commons, and 302 Sheep Commons, who declared themselves neuter; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed consists of 2,125 Acres and Three Roods; and there are in the Whole 27 Horse Commons, 74 Cow Commons, 38 Runner Commons, and 5,430 Sheep Commons) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place $ and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout: and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in gr oiled.

fxportition Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House of Wheat, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Upon the Bill to revive and continue such Part of an 1 <' Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Exportation of certain " Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to His Ma- jetty's Sugar Colonies in , and to the Island

" of Saint Helena, and to the other Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies', and of Biscuit and " Pease to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, * and Labrador; and for indemnifying all Persons

with respect to advising or carrying into execution

" His Majesty's Orders of Council sdready made, for'

allowing the Exportation of Wheat and other Arti-

cles,w as expired on the First Day of January, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next,

TobKeo Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonfiderof allowing the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee. . Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Hesolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next,

Trefcrvuioo; A Bill for the better securing and preserving the

BockYarif, YowU; Magazines, Ships, Vessel, Stores, Ware-

*c. 17

► 1777.

houses) Goods, and Merchandizes, being the Property Of private Persons, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Melboura Fields, Carrs, Ings, or Meadow Grounds, and Cam- . mons, or Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Melbourn and Storthzoaite, within the Manor of Mel- ,

bourn withStorthwaite, in the Parish of Thornton, in the

East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Charles Mcllish, Mr. Townshend,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the £lock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Capture* last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to pro- America* " hibit all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies of Colonies? " New Hampshire, Massachuset's Bay, Rhode Island,

" Connecticut, New York, Newjerfty, The

" Three Lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland,

" ginia. North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia,

during the Continuance of the present Rebellion within the said Colonies, respectively; for repealing " an Act, made in the 14th Year of the Reign of " His present Majesty, to discontinue the Landing and " Discharging, Lading or Shipping, of Goods, Wares,

" and Merchandize, at the Town, and within the Harbour, of Bofion, in the Province of Massachuset's Bay;

" and also Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for restraining the Trade and Commerce of " the Colonies in the said Acts respectively mentioned; c* and to enable any Person or Persons, appointed and " authorized by His Majesty to grant Pardons to issue Proclamations in the Cafes, and for the Purposes therein mentioned," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to authorize the carrying of the Captures therein mentioned into any Part of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, by such Licence and Warrant as is therein provided; and that the Lord Pal, the Earl of Lijbume, and Mr. Stephens, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Preremitg to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Abusee is upon the Bill for the more etfectual Prevention of the "I'ea* Manufacturing of Alh, Elder, Sloe, and other Leaves, in Imitation of Tea; and to prevent Frauds in the Revenue of Excise, in respect to Tea, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. James Grenville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. James Grenville reported from the-Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Winchcombe Hartley reported from the Com- uffi*gtca mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and Ac. inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, Commons, and other Commonable Lands, within the Township of

UJington,

i y, Geo. III.

« o

6

Mali.

I "fnyton, and the Hamlets of Balking and otherwise 7 Voolverjfon, and within the 1 Runlets of foil Lijlcand Fatoler, in the County of was re-

committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he rend the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the Report was read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being pnt, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till this Day Three Months;

The I louse divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas, j *r R*'r

24.

Aaaaides.

Adjoarament.

Mr. Page:

Mr.

Tellers for the Noes, ley, \ 80.

(. Mr. Dundas So it passed in the Negative.

.Then the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being several I)’ read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the.House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, upon the Bill for registering the Grants of Life Annuities, and for the better Protection of Infants against such Grants, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this I louse will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of tl iC Day beinor re: (A.

lidjiili'l dy I [10 t" 11, is I Iou!e will, n on Afondtjif S^ip’vV

Morning next, resolve it so!f iv.t 0 a Con: 1 l '; tee of [.

whole I Joule, to eoulidei fiu the; 1* of the S: »1 1 -j '/ gi anted

to His Mrjcii v. *

Resolved, That this House will, r \:o:\ 3fo}yI{’7t Vv-vs

Morning next, resolve ilfolf i 14to a L nititre ,of >»'* :vicd

the whole House, to conlieer further < of \ 1 - vs a xl

Means for raising the Supply gruiucd to ilia

jolty.

Severn The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Confederation the Report which was made from the Glooccfler Committee>to whom the Bill for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Severn, at Maifemore, near the City of Gloucester; for repairing and making commodious Overs Causeway, leading from the said City towards Maifemore aforesaid; for amending and altering the Bridge over another Branch of the said River Severn, near the West Gate of the said City; and for enforcing the proper paving and cleansing of the several Streets within the said City; and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future, was committed -v

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been loft ormiflaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors: And that Sir Charles and Mr.

Serjeant Adair do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

ndDeedfck Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds" and Wills made by Papists, and for Refief of Protestant Purchasers: And that Sir Charles Mr,

Seyeant Adair do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

VOL. 36.

And then the I louse adjourned till Monday Morn- . ing next, Ten of the Clock.

Luxes, 50 die Mad;

Anno 17* Georgii III'*' Regis, 1777

Prayers.

SlRDER ED, That Mr. Darker do carry to the r^'rr"'r"5a Lords the ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing l'1‘°‘urc‘ the Open and Common Fields, and Co:v.n»oi:abio ‘

Grounds, within the Parish of G ilmo in the County of Leicejkr, and desire the Concurrence of their Lo.fillups thereto.

, An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosingfhe fevp- fVrucn ral Open Arable Fields, Meadow and Raft:ire Grounds, Indoturc. and the Common or Moor, within the Towntliij*

Thornton, in the Parish of Foston, in the North Hiding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Meadow and Pasture Grounds; and the Common or Moor, within the Township of Thornton,. in the Parish of Foston, in the North Riding of the County of York. %

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Lafcrdo carry the Dill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gilbert reported from t lie Committee, to whom Co ftoti the Bill for dividing and inclosing Coif ion other- IlKloiU‘e*

wife Co reef on Wood, or Common, within the Manor of Corf ton otherwise Corve/on, and Parish o in the County of Salop; and for making a Boundary or RingFence against certain Common Waste Grounds,- in the Manor of Corpham, within the same Purith, was

committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Criers of the House, of the 25th of April 177/}, relative lo Bills of Inclosure, had bqen complied T\iih; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found ri e same to he true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of an Finite of the Yearly Value of £. 10, who refined tosign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Estates belonging to Persons having Right of Common on the I^mds intended to be inclosed amounts to the Yearly Sum of X-447 5 .

that no Person appeared before the Committee to eppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made foveral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House;

And he read the Report ire his Place; and afterwards delivered-the Bill, with the" Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; M here the Amendments were Once fead throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; And*, upbti tile Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Ingrossed.

6 D Mr.

470

5° Mali.

J. 1777.

Jones’ «ni Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom ^£UteZ'* ^ie *n£r°ffed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Art ® for vetting in Trustees and their Heirs certain Estates of Philip Jones, and Robert , Esquires, in the

Counties of Kent and in order to sell the same,

and, with Part of the Purchase Money, to discharge certain Incumbrances thereon; and for laying out the Residue of the Purchase Money, in the Purchaseof other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the said Estates to be sold Hand limited, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, witln out any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

a*Mys Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House M ekau torefolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Message from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Baron Smythe and Mr. Baron:

Mr. Speaker,

Civil List. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Support of His Majesty’s Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Marinen Mr. Penton presented to the House, according to and Seamen. Order, a Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels: And the same was received; and read the Firil Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Charitable A Bill to oblige the Minister and Churchwardens, or Donation*. other proper Officers, in every Parish and Place within that Part of Great Britain called England, to make Returns upon Oath of all Charitable Donations for the Benefit of Poor Persons within such respective Parishes or Places; distinguishing, as far as may be, by whom, when, and in what Manner, and for what Purposes, given; likewise whether such respective Donations were in Land or Money, and in whom now veiled, and what is the Annual Produce thereof, respectively, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert, Sir George Yonge,&c.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Brampton Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, Iaclolure. in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Lincoln, w as read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and W’afte Grounds, in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord Browntozo Bertie do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Herbert Mackworth presented to the House, ac» Harry’s Debt cording to Order, a Bill to enable the Lords Commis- ,he sioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to compound a Debt Crown, due to the Crown, from the Estate of William Harry, deceased, and his Sureties: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Brownloio Bertie reported from the Committee, Xirton

to whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recove- Small Debt*, ry of Small Debts, within the several Parishes of Stir-feet, Gosberton, Quadring, Bonington, Bicker,

head, Wig toft, Sutter ton, Algarkirk, Kifton,

Frampton, Wiberton, and Brothertoft, within the Hundred of Kir ton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question l'everally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Selicyn do make the.Report from Bufmer the Committee,.to whom the Bill for dividing; allotting, brdofure. and inclosing, the Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Moor or Common, in the Parish of Bulmer, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed.

Mr. Selwyn accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Commit-' tee (except the Proprietor of near Half an Oxgang of Land, w'ho refused to iign the Bill; and thet the whole Lands intended to be inclosed conlitl of 42 Oxgaugs, sundry Odd Lands, and 45 Cottage Rights; and.that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the.

Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; apd he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tpble:

Where the Amendments were Once reau throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the* Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Met

ij Geo. III. 5"Matt.

471

Petto*’

Eibue*.

Colls of Whn«<Es» See.

Wefiainfier Street*.

Captures

from

American

Colonies.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Pechell;

Mr. Speaker,

The I x)rds have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting an undivided Moiety of certain Freehold and Copyhold Estates, late of Dame Elizabeth de-

ceased, in Trustees, to convey and Surrender the same respectively, pursuant to an Agreement for the Sale thereof; and for laying out the Money in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Bejolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for the Payment of Costs to Parties, and Charges to Constables, Witnesses, and others, on Complaints determined before Justices of the Peace out of Sessions; for the Payment of the Charges of Constables in certain Cafes; and for the moreefteftual Payment vfCharge*to Witnesses and Prosecutorsof any Larceny or other Felony, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the Payment of Costs to Parties, and Charges to Constables, Witnesses, and others, on Complaints determined before Justices of the Peace out of Sessions; for the Payment of the Charges of Constables -in certain Cafes; and for the more effectual Payment of Charges to Witnesses and Prosecutors of any Larceny or other Felony.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of<S'ai»/Pc/er, in Westminster, to open a Street from the South Bind of Long to the North End of Smith Street, and to widen Part of Tothill Street, and of I^ong Ditch aforesaid y and also to widen the Passage between Orchard Street and the new intended Street; and to make a more commodious Entrance from The Broad SanQuary into , within the

City and Liberty of Westminster, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. ult. After " and" to insert " the South *' " End of."

Pr. 3. 1. 33. After " Esquires" to insert " James " EUis."

Pr. 4. 1. 13. After " and" to insert " the Sonth " End of."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint , in Westminster, to open a Street from the South End of Long , to the

North End of Smith Street, and to widen Part of Tothill Street, and of Long Ditch aforesaid j and to widen the Passage between Orchard Street, and the new intended Street; and to widen Wood Street-, and to make a more commodious Entrance from The Broad Sanctuary, into Dean's Yard, within the City and Liberty of Westminster.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitzcorth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Palmerston presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to authorize the carrying of the Captured therein mentioned into any Part of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, by such Licence and Warrant as is therein provided: And the same was received *, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Voj.- 36.

The Hotfe was moved, That the Order, made upon Aditett Thurslay lati, for receiving upon Wednesday Morning Keync* next the Report from the Committee, to whom the Inc,)f"re* Bill for dividing and iuclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows* Common Pastures, and other Commonable Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Ashton Keynes, in the County of Wilts, was committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly 5 Ordered, That the said Order be dii'charged.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Friday Morning next. , '

Ordered, That the Order of the Day* for the House Supply, torefolve it fell’ into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Severn Report which was made from the Committee, to whoni Bridge the Bill for rebuilding, the Bridge over the River Severn at Maifemore, near the City of Gloucester; for repair- Sireew, ing and making commodious Overs leading from the said City towards aforesaid;

for amending and altering the Bridge over another Branch of the said River Severn, near the West Gate of the said City; and for enforcing the proper paving and cleansing of the several Streets within the said City; and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future, wfas committed.

And the Counsel forand against the Bill were called in.

And the said Report was read. ' <

And the Petition of several Inhabitants of the City Ditto, of Gloucester, the Parish of Maifemore, in the County of

Gloucester, and other Persons, trading with, and resorting to, the said City; apd also, the Petition of several Inhabitants of the City of Gloucester, whose Names are thereunto subscrib^d; and also, the Petition of several Inhabitants and Proprietors of Lands, in the Parish of Maifemore, in the County, of Glou.cester, against the said Bill; and also, the Petition of the several underwritten Persons, being Proprietors of considerable Estates in the Parish of MaiJ'emore, and also Proprietors of Estates in other Parishes near or adjoining thereto, on Behalf of themselvesand other Proprietors of Lands and Estates there, and also of Persons residing near to Maifemore ' !*. aforesaid, and travelling through that Parish to and from the City of Gloucester, in.Favour of the said Bill, were

also read. ( _

And the Counsel for the Petit topers against the Bid were heard.

Then tlte Counsel for the Bill was heard; and examined several Witnesses, ,in Support of the said' Bill, against the said Petitions.

And the Counsel against the Bill having been heard, by Way of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill be now read a Second Time. -1

The House divided.

The Noes went forth. . ’

Tellers for the Yeas, j ThZ22'

Tellers for the Noes, Ur. Darker:’ f 6*

And it appearing, upon the ^Report of the Division by the Tellers, that Forty Members were not present; and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning,

Ten of the Clock.

47*

Hit, &c.

Manufactures;

preventing

Frauds.

Weddell’*

Estate*.

6* Mail

Marthy 6* die Mail \

Anno 17* Georgii III'" Regis, 1777. Praties.

THE Order of the Day being read, for resuming the adjourned Considerat ion of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill' for amending and rendering more effectual the several Laws now in being, for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fut tian, Cotton, Iron, leather, Furr, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures; and also for making Provisions to prevent Frauds by Journeymen Dyers, was committed.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of William Weddell, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Frederick Montagu do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A. 1777.

be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Leadenhatn, in the County of Lincoln,

Ordered, That Lord Brxmmlotv Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and BdU»gh*y Commonalty, of the City of , iii Common

Council assembled: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Ditto, thereunto subscribed; .

Were severallypresented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners have perused a Clause inserted in the Bill now depending, for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Dales, and Common Fen, within the Parish of BiUinghmj, in the County of Lincoln; and for draining and preserving the said Dales and Common Fen, and also certain 1 inclosed Low Lands thereto adjoining, in the said Parish; by which Clause, the Power and Jurisdiction of the Commissioners for executing an Act, made in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Low I^mds, called The , lying on both Sides of the River Witham, in the County of Lincoln; and for restoring and maintaining the Navigation of the said River, from The High Bridge, in the City of Lincoln, through the Borough of Boston, to the Sea, will be taken from them, and the Works of Drainage considerably injured: And therefore praying.

That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Clause.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into Consideration; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

White* Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom

an£ . the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

fcibitcL* for rendering valid and effectual a Partition between

Taylor White, Esquire, and Sarah his Wife, and Thomas Fozvke, Esquire, and Ann his Wife, of several Estates in the Counties of Huntingdon, Leicester, Cambridge, F-Jex, and Keftf; and for veiling and settling the same to the Uses, and upon the Trulls, contained in their respective Marriage Settlements, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and ftmial the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do. pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the^ fame, without any Amendment.

Leadenham An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Inclosure. Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Lead-

enham, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third

A tine.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.; And that the Title ai -

An ingrossed Bill for further continuing an Act, u passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, - *" intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Importation of " Foreign, wrought Silks' and Velvets' for a limited " Time, and for preventing unlawful Combinations " of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for further continuing an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign " wrought Silks and Velvets, for a limited Time, and " for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen " employed in the Silk Manufacture."

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Harley do carry the Bill tq.tfae Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bilf for enlarging the public Gaol of the County Warwick of Warwick, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, Gaol-was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr tvilh, Mr. Baldwyn, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Thomas Asfieton Smith reported from the Com- TaJy Cafn mittejg, to whom the Bill for enlarging1 the Term and Ferry Powers of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign Eoad*.

of Hisj}refeqt Majesty, intituled, " An Aftforrepair-

t*j Geo. Ill* jftfati, 473,

ing and widening tte Roadkatllbg from Taly Cqfn " Ferry, in the County of Caernarvon, and throilgh the M Towns of Conway, Bangor, and to the

Town of Pivllhely, in the (state County And also for

repairing and widening the Rofedt from Tal y Ferry aforeihid, on the Denbighshire Side of the River Conway, to join the Turnpike Road between Cohioay and Saint Asaph, at a Place Called Sam y Mynech; and

from the Turnpike Road between Bangor and Conway, at the Village of Aber, over Biokh y Ddwyfaen Mountain, to Tal y C<\fn Ferty aforesaid, and from thence to the Town of Llanrwft, in the County of Denbigh, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in-at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported ad Mesas. from tjje Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which be read in his Place *, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Rgfolved, Tltat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, made in the m Twenty-first and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for encouraging the making of " Indico in the British Plantations, in America; and for " extending the Provisions of an Act of the Thirtieth * Year of his late Majdky’i Reign, with respect to * bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom to

.*Prize Goods taken since the late Declaration of War with Spain," as relates to encouraging the making of Indjoo in the British Plantations in America, and which was to continue in Force for Seven Years, from the *5th Day of March 1763, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 2cth Day of March 1777, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for en- couraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering " the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, m when the Price of such Bark shall exceed acertain Rate, m for a limited Time," which was to continue in Force for Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing a " Bounty on the Exportation of made Cordage,

* and for discontinuing the Drawbacks upon Foreign " rough Hemp exported," which was to be in Force from the First Day of July 1766, for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the Ernd of the then next Session of Parliament} and which, by another Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign, of His present Majesty, was amended, and further continued for the

Vol, 36.

Term of Three YeaFS} and which-, by another Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued for the Term of,

Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament* is near expiring* and fit to be continued;

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon* agreed to by the House.

The House was mbved, That the Second and Fourth Expiring Resolutions* which, upon Friday last were reported. haw». from the Committee, who were appointed to esquire, what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit. to be revived or continued, and were then agreed to by. the House, might be again read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House* read accordingly; and are as folloWeth; viz.

" Resolved, That an Act* made in the Tenth Year " of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An " Act for registering the Prices at which Corn is fold " in the several Counties of Great Britain, and the " Quantity exported and imported," which was to " continue in Force for Seven Years, and from thence " to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is " near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, 1‘hat so much of an Act* made in the " Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma*

" jesty, intituled, "An Act to continue and amend " an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for opening " and establishing certain Ports in the Islands of Ja*

itiaica and Dominica, for the more free Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchan-. dizes; for granting certain Duties, to defray the " Sixpences of opening, maintaining, securing, and in*-" proving, such Ports; for ascertaining the Duties to " be paid upon the Importation-of Goods from the " said Island of Dominica into this Kingdom, and for securing the Duties upon Goods imported from the " said Island into any other British Colon}', and for allowingTim ber and Wood to be exported fr6tn the said " Island of Dominica, into any other of the British " Islands, Colonies, or Plantations, in America, for a " limited Time," as relates to allowing Timber and " Wood to be exported from the Island of,

" into any other of the British Islands* Colonies, or " Plantations, in America, for a limited Time, which " was to continue in Force until the First Day of No*

" vember One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six*

" and from thence to the End of the then next Session " of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be " continued."

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions, and also upon the Resolutions this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and which have been agreed to by the House;

And that Sir Charles Wkitworth and Sir Grey Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Wkitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of allowing the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table r Where the same was read; and is as followeth} viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kin gdom to the British Sugar ColoniesorPIantations in the West Indies, be permitted, for a Time to be limited.

6 E The

474

6* Ibati.

.1:

a. in?.

Exportation if Wheat, *c.

Tea;

preventing

A bulb*

laldwya’s

Eftau*

Ordered, That Mr. fhk dd the 6iff fa the,

Lorif^‘.ah#aequahit tlWfiV, th^t‘ fliW fYortfa h&tli agjfei&d.. totlieiatite, Without any 'AiiWudnf^ul.

f "*

An irfgrbflbd BSfl /oi| dividing, aft'ef’ irv- UflSngto*,

cldfnit, certrtiii Opill Costiriidri Fields, CotrittOu *c’ Meadows, Cofnrt)oti Pdftfireil, Downs, Cofnftiohsj an<T n 0 ure* other Commonuble lipids; within the ToWiiship o Uflingtoii, atul the IIdin lets of Bittking find iVodfdtl, otherwdfe WoolverJfbA, and Within the Hamlets of King*

Jton Ujlf'And Fatotei% in the County of was read’

the Third Time. '

The Amendments fbll6\Vin£ were tcWeYalfy pr'opofecL to he "made to thd Bill j via.

Pr. 8. 1. 14. After " by* to'insert ancT ifpoar .* the* Oath of Oaths of."

Pr. id. I. 14. To leave out' from '* Act*

" pfiivided," iu Pr. 1. 12. andf idfert subject nevertholcfs to the PaVtnent Of such Yearly Sum or Sums of Money by the said " Pro volt‘and Scholars of Queen's "College, to the Trustees of the ' Tithes1 nailed Tithes

" as the said Commissioners - ( " adjudge to be equal in Value to.

" the said Tithes now arising out of the said I^ands and Grounds Within the said Hamlets of A7?/gr f on /.///rand Fawler; and the " said 1 ithes now due and payable to tin? Trustees of the said rt Tithes called Saint John s Tithes,

shall, for ever after the said Award shall be nia'fe touCuinp’ the said Jail' mentioned Hamlets, be vetted in, khd*due and’pay-i( able to, the said Provost and " Scholars, hi such Manner as the rt same were due and payable to A the said Trustees of the fal4 x<‘ Tithes called Saint John's H beloie the filing of this Act," instead thereO?.’

To leave out from the Beginning of the line to uas" in line 28. And the said Amendments were, upon the Qflcftion.

’ The said Resolution being read a^ecbndTirhe. was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said

Resolution: And that Sir Charles Whittcorth and Sir

Grey Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported

from the Commitee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to revive and continue such Part of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act tl for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities " of Wheat and other Articled to His Majesty’s Sugar

rt Colonies in America, and to the Kland of Saint lle-'* lena, and to the other Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trad-m ing to The East Indies s and of Biscuit and Pease to * Ncufoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and La-

" brador> and for indemnifying all Persons with re-

" speft to advising or carrying into Execution His Majesty’s Orders of Council already made, for allow-

ing the Exportation of Wheat and other Article's," as expired on the First Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to thp Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments w ere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, w'ere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment!, be logrolled.

Mr. James Grenville, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Prevention of the Manufacturing of Alh, Elder, Sloe, and other Leaves^ in Imitation of Tea; and to prevent Frauds in the Revenue of Excise, in respect to Tea, w’as committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments if ere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put there- severally put thereupon, agreed so by the Iloufo; and upon, One of them was disagreed t®, and the rest were the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

’ agreed to, by the House. That the Bill do pals: And that the Title

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and intlofing, tief-ingrossed. taini Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows,.

Common Pastures, Downs, Commons, and Other

Mr. Hill reported from the Committee, to whom the Commonable Lands, within the Towniliip of Ujfiiiglon, ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for and the Hamlets of Balking and other wile

rt

ct

it

U

£r. 36. 1. 27.

<1

repealing an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for * veiling the Manors, Lands, and Tenements, both Freehold and Leasehold, comprized ill the Mar-rta^o Settlement of Charles Baldwyn, Esquire, in rruftecs, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase'of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses which are now fublifling with regard to the said Freehold settled Estate;" atul for settling the said Manors, Lands, and Tenements, to new and other Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the Iloafe, without, any Amendment: And be delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. ' *

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

22

Waolverjlan, and within the Hamlets of Kingjloti Life and Fou ler, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. iTinchcombe Hartley doCarty thfe Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Archibald Edmonjtone reported front the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Freehold Ellatcs in the Counties of Hereford and Motuhovfh, devised by the Will of Thomas Chamberlayne, Ei-piire, dCceased, in Richard Combe, El’quire, in Fee Simple; and for settling other Estates of the lit id Bicha)(t Combe, in tile County o(Somerjel, of greater Value, in lieu thereof,

was committed; That the Committee had examined, the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fajne to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill7 the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had dlreftedhiitl to fe-‘ port the Bill to 'the'-Floufe,- without July; Amendment: And he ‘delivered the- Bii; iii at the Cli.k’s Table. ' Vr

- - 1 'And

Chft<nYiec)a]ro4V

Eftace*,

17 Geo. III.

Wefhnoretand Gaol and Shire HalL

Button

loclosure.

Sereni Bridge and Gloucener Streets

And the fitid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, Hurt the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Archibald Edmonfove do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House ijuth agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for defraying the Expence of building a new Gaol artd Shire Hall, for tl»e County of foas read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James Loxcther, Mr. Jjnotker, Ac.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Art ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com* ifton Fields, Mesne Inclosures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Township of Monkbretton otherwise Burton, in the Parish of J in the West

Biding of (he County of l'ork, was read the Third

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing tire Common Fields, Mesne Inclosures, Commons, or Waste Ground , within the Township of Monk otherwise in the Parish of Ruyjtone, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George do carry the BiH to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Hoafe proceeded to take into further Confederation the Report which was made from tlte Committee, to whom the Bill for re-building the Bridge over the River Severn at Maijemore, near the City of for repairing and making commodious Overs,

leading front the said City, towards Maifomorenfore(<f\d for amending and altering the Bridge over another Branch of the find ttiver Severn, near the Gate of the said City; and for enforcing the proper paving ami cleansing of the several Streets within the said City; and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future, was committed.

And the Full; Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill being read a Second Time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Rill be re-committed;

The House divided.

Hie Yeas went forth.

PromJtlbiy

Notes,

Tellers for the Yea., { Ilarilo/,

62.

BHfinghay

Drainage,

Ire.

tthtckivell: yl

Tellers for the Noes 5 Mr. T

i etters for the >oes, j M|. Barrow

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Relidne of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Claofe was offered to be added to the Bill, for enabling the Dean and Chapter to fell the Fleece Inn, for the Purpose of building a Market House.

And the said Clause was Twice rear!; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking, into Consideration the Report which was made from the , Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and incloting the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Dales, and Common Fen, within the Parish of in

the County of Lincoln; and for draining and preserving the said Dales and Common Fen, and also certain In-dosed Lo\f Lands thereto adjoining,1 in the said rarixh, was committed, fib now neaft. - *

Vol. 36.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House, being informed, That the several Persons, who petitioned'this House ttpbit Thursday last, and also the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty of the City of Lincoln, in Common Council assembled, and also the several Persons who petitioned -this House this Day, praying to be beard, by thetttfdves or Counsel, against the fawi Bill, and which Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Report should be taken into Consideration, de*. dined being heard by their Counsel agair.il the faref Bill; .

And the House being also informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;,

Jit Jolted, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, That the OWleY of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for furl her retraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes* and Inland Bills of Exchange, Under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England, was* committed, he now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, fib ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be thea ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the froufe Anwitke to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for registering the Grants of Life Annuities, and for the better Protection of Infants against. such Grants, lie now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; .

the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker, left the Chair.

Sir Herbert Mackworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Herbert Mackzvorlh reported from the Comm ittee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon TJiurfday Morning next.

Sir Herbert Mackworth presented to the House, ac- Brick* cording to Order, a Bill for preventing Abuses in making Bricks and Tiles: And the same was received) TiIa* and read the First Time.

Refotved, That the Bril be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the BiH for allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Customs on the Exportation of Tea to;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Herbert Mackworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Herbert Mackworth reported from the Committee* That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House Awiil please to receive tijf fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upo<^ TAurffajl Morning next.

And’*then-.the‘ Hon&.adjourned . Morning, Ten of the" Clo£^.

Te*

exported

to

Ireland*

'htitii -

47 <5

frimWoofh

loCWIRt

Royal A&BI IO

Bill*.

7* Mali. A. 1777.

( Mercurii, 7* Mail;

Anno 17* Georgii III*" Regis, 1777.

Watiki.

AN ingrafted Bill for dividing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pal* tures, Downs, Commons, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Farm in the County of Berks, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill, viz.

Pf. 1. 1. 5. Alter " Farmborough," to insert u otherwise

Pr. 17. L 18. To leave out from " Lands" to " and, " in line 24.

1. 27. To leave out from " Division," to the End of line 28.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Hill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and certain Commonable I.ands, within the Parish of Farmhorough, otherwise rough, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Winchcombe Hartley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir neux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended His Majesty, in the House of Peers: Where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several public and private Bills following; viz.

An -Act for the better Support of His Majesty’s Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain:

An Act for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Dumfries, and for converting the Statute Labour within the said County into Money, and for applying the same towards repairing the Highways within -the same County:

An Act for amending the Road from the South East End of the Town of Loughboro, in the County of Leicester, to Derby Bridge, near The and from the said Bridge to the South End of Cavendish,

in the same County:

An Act for vesting the Real Estates late of Ann Phillips, Spinster, now the M ile of Henry Barnes, Gentleman, comprized in their Marriage Settlement, situate in the County of Salop, in Trustees, to be sold j and for applying the Purchase Money for the Purposes in the Act mentioned:

An Act for vesting in Trustees and their Heirs certain Estates of Philip Jones and Robert Berkeley, Esquires, in the Counties of Kent and Sussex, in order to sell the same, and, with Part of the Purchase Money, to discharge certain Incumbrances thereon; and for laying out the Residue of the Purchase Money in the Purchase Of other Estates, to be settled to the same Ul’es as the said Estates to be sold (land limited:

' An Act for discharging Part of the settled Estates of Thomas Hull, Esquire, in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, from the Uses and Trusts of his Marriage Settlement^ and for settling other Estates, in the County of Devon, in lieu ’thereof and for other Purposes:

An Act for uniting and better regulating the Charities of Nathaniel Waterhouse, within the Town and Pari Ih of Halfax, in the West Riding of the County of York t

An Act for vesting certain Pieces or Parcels of Ground and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, Part of the settled Estate of

in Trustees, to be sold to Sir Sampson Baronet,

pursuant to Agreement; and for laying out the Money arising by Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act for vesting certain Messuages and Hereditaments, in the several Parishes of,

Loivick, and Simonburne, in the County of Northumberland, late Part of the 1' state of Sir John Swinburne, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees and their Heirs, in Trull, to be sold, discharged from the Uses, Trulls, Charges, and Powers, in the Will of the said John Swinburne mentioned; and for applying the Money to arise by Sale thereof in the Manner therein mentioned} and for other Purposes therein expressed:

An Act to enable William Jackson and Hannah Ips Wife: carry into Execution an Agreement for Sale of certain Hereditaments, situate at or near Barney, in the County of Norfolk (being their settled Estate) to Richard , Reeve the younger, Gentleman; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses to which the said settled Estate doth now Hand limited:

An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Isle of Wight, the settled Estate of Elizabeth Trattle,* of Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan, Widow; and also a certain Messuage, and Lands and Hereditaments, of the Warden and Scholars, Clerks, of Mary College, of Winchester, near Winchester, in the County of Southamp-

ton, in Trustees, in Trull, to sell and convey Part of the said settled Estate, and also the said Estate of the said Warden and Scholars, Clerks, to Sir Richard -sley, Baronet; and other Part of the said settled Estates, to the said Warden and Scholars, Clerks; and to apply Part of the Money arising from such Sale, in paying off an Incumbrance attesting Part of the said settled Estate^ and for laying out the Residue of the said Money in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses; and to enable the said Warden and Scholars, Clerks, to take a Conveyance of that Part of the said settled Estates intended to be conveyed to them:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of William Weddell, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled iu lieu thereof} and for the other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting the Real and Personal Estate of John Harvey, Gentleman, a Lunatic, in Trustees, in Trull, to fell l'o much thereof as will be sufficient for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of John , hi*

late Father, deceased; and for other Purposes thereiiv mentioned:

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for vesting the Manors, Lands, and Tenet. " ments, both Freehold and Leasehold, comprized in the Marriage Settlement of Charles Baldwyn, Esquire, " in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the " Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other " Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same " Uses which are now fublilting with regard to the said " Freehold settled Estate and for settling the said Manors, Lands, and Tenements, to new and other Uses:

An Act for rendering valid and effectual, a Partition between Taylor White, Esquire, and Sarah his Wife, and Thomas Fou/ke, Esquire, wd-Aim his Wife, of

Several

17 GeO* III. 7° Mdii. 477

several Estates, in the Comities of Leiccjtpr,

Cambridge, fflex, aiifl and for veiling and let-

ling the same to the Uses, and tlpon the Trusts, com ained in their respectivo Marriage Settlements; and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

An Act for coufimiing and ellnbliihingan Exchange agreed tube made between the Right 11 u:; o u ral 11 c George I^ord Onjlowand Cranleyand William Lutk, Gentle-

man, and l'liI mum! Luck, his Son.

An Act for telling the freehold Rllates, in the Counties of Hereford and Moinnottfh, deviled by the Will of Thomas ChamberlKfquire, doceased, in Richard Combe, Esquire, iu l'ee Simple; and for settling other Estates of the said Richard Combe, in the County of SoinerJ'et, of greater Value, in Lieu thereof: An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common or Waste Ground, called Moor,

in the Township of Halin the Manor of -

neiojam, in the Parish of U in the West Riding

of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waite Lunds, within the Manor and Parish of Great Sturton, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons or Watie Grounds, within the several Town ships of Kmgjley, near Nor let!,

and Crowton, in the Pari.lies of and Weaver-

ham, in the County of

Civil List t Ordered, Xeminf Cent radical That Mr. Speaker be

desired to print the Speech by him made to His Ma-

desired to . A, 1 , ... , .

font hit lefty »n the 1 Ionic ot Peers, this Day, upon his pre-

Speech, footing to 11 is Majesty the Bill for the better Support

of His Majesty's iloufehold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown ol Great Britain, which then received the Loyal AlleUt.

tering the Prices at which Corn is fold In the fevera Count ies of Great Britain, and the Quantity exportec and imported; to encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Im* portation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate; to the allowing Timber and Wood to be exported from the Island of Dominica, into any other of the British Blands, Colonies, or Plantations in America; and to the allowing a Bounty on. the Exportation of British made Cordage: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the JHouse, accord- Offices ini ing to Order, a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have Employ®"1®* omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employ* ments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others who have omitted to register dr deliver in theig Qualifications, within tha Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Pu^poses; and to indemnify Members, and Officers, in Cities; Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to he liamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Be/ulved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Whitworth presente<l to the House, accord4 Papists* ing to Order, a Bill for allowing further Time for. In- Deeds and rollment of Deeds and Wills, made by Papists, and for wills. Relief of Protestant Purchasers: And the same was re4 ceivod; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ashton Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is

lttcloiurc concerned in the Bill for di\iding and inclosing the Open and Cominou Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Ashtonin the County of

Wilts, which Bill wfas, upon the nth Day of last, read a Second Time, and committed:

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty having been, informed of the Purjiort of the said Bill, gives his Con-feat, as faras His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Yamesfi< d An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open laciosure. Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, Forcll and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Farnesfield, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, Forest and Malle Grounds, in the Parish of Farnesfield, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Lord Edward Bentinck do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deli re their Concurrence.

hefcrration The Ol der of the Day being read, for the House to tefolveilfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better securing and preserving the Dock Yards, Magazines, Ships, Yefl'ds, Stores, Warehouses, Goods, and Merchandizes, being the Property of private Persons, within the Kingdom of Great Britain;

Btfolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill to revive and continue such Part of Exportatiorl an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, °

" An Act for allowing the Exportation of certain " Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to His " jesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, and to the Island " of Saint Helena, and to the other Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England " trading to The East Indies; and of Biscuit and Pease " to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all Persons, with respect to advising or carrying into Execution His Majesty’s Orders of Council already made, for allowing " the Exportation of Wheat and other Articles," as expired on the First Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-Seven, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to revive and continue such Part of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, " Ah " Act for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to His Majesty’s " Sugar Colonies in America, and to the Bland of " Saint Helena, and to the other Settlements belonging " to the United Company of Merchants of England " trading to The East Indies ;and of Biscuit and Pease

" to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all Persons, with respect to advising or carryinginto Execution His Majesty’s Orders of Council already made, for allowing " the Exportation of Wheat and other Articles," as^expired on the First Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-fevem

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Whitzcorth presented to the I Ioufe, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, relating to encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America j to theregif-Voi. 36.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- luiportttiqrf ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of to consider of the Eleventh Rule in the Book of Rates, so far as the same relates to the making any Allowance

6 F upon

Supply.

St James Gerkenwell Paring.

"Marinen and Seamen.

478 7* MA. 177

tipon the Importation of damaged Currants, Raisins, Figs, and Prunes.

Ordered, That t^ie Order of the Day for the House . to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty* be now read

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the several Papers, which were presented to the House by the I^ord North, by His Majesty’s Command, upon the 21st Day ft,

relative to Demands for Foreign Hospitalsestablished lad War, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money, which have been iHiied by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies paid, finee the 5th Day of January 1777, to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing, Convicts on the River Thames, bo referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth, took the Chair of the Com-htittee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Rejotved, That this House wall, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Penton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for paving, repairing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, and other Public Passages " and Places within that Part of the Parish of Clevkenwell called Saint James's, and removing Obstrttctions and Annoyances therein; and for widening the " Passage from Clerkenwell Green to the Parish Church:

" and for watching and lighting certain Highways " within the said Parish for repairing the Highways in the said Parish, and cleansing the said Part of the said Parish; for widening the Passage from Clerkcmvcll Cloje to Ro/oman Street, and from Street

to Saint John Street; and for building a Chapel in the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with she Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments wrere once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A BilLfor the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels, Vas read1 a Second Time. t7

Resolved, That the Rill be committed.

Resolved, That the Hill be committed to a Commit-f tec of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to authorize the carrying of the Captures therein mentioned into any Part of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, by such Licence anil Warrant as is therein provided; was read a Second Time, Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of f he whole House.

Ref died. That this House will, upon Friday Mo thing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing Corfton Wood, otherwise Corveton W or within the Manbr of Corfton, otherwise and Parish of

Diddlebary, in the County of Salop and for making a Boundary or King Fence against certain Commorl or Waste Grounds in the Manor of within

the same Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal’s: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing Wood,

otherwise Corveton Wood, or Common, within the Manor of Corfton, otherwise Corveton, and Parish of Diddlebary, in the County of Salop: and for making a Boundary or Ring Fence again!! a certain Ojren and Uninclosed Ground, in the Manor of within the same

Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitwor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deli're their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Haddington, in the room of Sir George Sutfie, Baronet, who, fmee his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of East llendred, in the County of Berks.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Ten of the Clock.

The Speech of Mr: Speaker, this Day, upon presenting to His Majesty the Bill for the better Support of His Majesty’s 1 loufehold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain; when it passed the Royal A (lent.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

The Bill, which it is now my Duty to present to Your Majesty, is intituled, "An Act for the better " Support of I lis Majesty’w Houl'ehold, and of the 1 lonour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain to which your Commons humbly beg Your Royal Assent.

By this Bill, Sir, and the rofpeftful CircumstanceJ which preceded and accompanied it, Y’our Common* have given the fullcft and cleared Proof of their Zeal and Afleftion for Y’our Majesty. For, in a Time of public Distress, full of Difficulty and Danger, their Constilucnts labouring under Burthens almost too heavy to be borne, Your'faithful Commons postponed all other Business; and with as much Dil'patch as the Nature of their Proceedings W'ould admit, have not only granted to Ybnr Majesty a large present Supply,

but

Capture*

from

American

Colonic*.

Corfton

iticloluie.

Haddington

Writ.

Ways and Muni.

Civil List;

The

Speaker*

Speed*

S

Claflc’t

(fine*

Weston

Colville

lftcloiuie.

Wdver-

Umpton

iutew

17 Geo. 111.

f — 8°

479

but also a very great additional Revenue — great, beyond Example; great, beyond Your Majesty’s highest Expence.

But all this. Sir, they have done, in a well-grounded Confidence, that You will apply- wifely, what they have granted liberally; and feeling, what every good Subject tnull feel with the greateli Satisfaction, that, under the Direction of Your Majesty’s Wisdom, the Affluence and Grandeur of the Sovereign will reflect Dignity and Honour upon His People.

Jovis, 8° die Maii;

Anno 17* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1777.

Prayers.

MR. iCnightlcy reported from the Committee, to

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to confirm and establish Articles of Agreement, for a Partition or Division of Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Northampton and Wamvkk, the Estate* of John Clarke, Esquire, and JUi'nt, his late Wifi*, deceased; and for settling the Came to the Uses therein mentione !, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Partio concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfacuon of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Jhv/, That the Bill do pass.

Oi at mi. That Mr. Kni^ htleu do carry the Bill to the Lords, ami acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossld Bill for dividing, allotting, and in doling, the ()}>cu and Common Fields, Commonable Lauds, Cow Failure or Shrub, Town Green, Heath, and Waile Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Wcjion Colville, in the County of Cambridge, was read the Third Time.

- Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, Cow Failure, or Shrub, Town Green, Heath, and Waile Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Wcjion Colville, in the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That Sir Samp/bn Gideon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill forwi<Icning, dcanfing, and lighting, the several Streets, Lanes, Alley's, Ways, and other public Paflhgcs, within the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford; and for taking down, altering, or re-building, certain Buildings therein mentioned; and for removing all other Nuisances and Iq-croachments, and for regulat ing Carts, and other Carriages, within the said Town, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for widening, deanfing, and lighting, the several Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Ways, and other Public Railages, within the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford; and for taking down, altering, or Re-building, certain Buildings therein mentioned; and for removing all other Nuisances and Incroachments, and for regulating Carts and other Carriages, within the said Town.

Ordered, That Sir William Bagot do carry tire Rill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 36/

Sir William Bdffot reported from the Committee, Ipftone*, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the fe- InclosuiiJ vend Commons and Waile Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Ipftonci, in the County of , was

committed; That the Committee had examined and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills oflnclosure had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their-Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands within the said Parish, entitled to Right of Common upon the Lands intended to be inclosed, of the Yearly Value of /.23C, who refused to sign the Bill;- and that the Whole of the Lands within the said Parish; entitled to Rich-Right of Common, is of the Yearly Value of f. 3,247 or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Questiou severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Alderman Oliver reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City o to make proper

Drains and Sewers in the Prebendal'Estate of and lialliicell, in the Suburbs of the said City, and for

other Purposes therein mentioned, w as committed; and to whom the Petition of the Commissioners of Sewers, for the Limits of Holbornand Finsbury Divisions, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that the said Bill is not effectua^ to answer the Purposes thereby intended; and that therefore the Lord Major, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, are delirous that the said Bill should be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Bill.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons,- of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, w'hich was presented to the House upon the 7th Day of February last; and also the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred* might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making proper Sewers and Drains in the Prebendal Estate of Finffntryand Halliwell, in the Suburbs of the

City of London And that Mr. Alderman Oliver, Mr. Alderman Hayley, Mr. Alderman Saiobridge, and Mr. Alderman Bull, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A MefTage frdm the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr. Pechefl:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Aji Act for inclosing and embellilliing the Middle Part of Hoxton Square, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shore-

ditch,

Finlbary,’

See.

Sewers.

Hoxton

Squire

Assessment,

4$o

8° Maii

d. 1777,

Kilhmsrfh

Inclosure*

Whilton

t(C.

Inclosure.

Shlreborne

and

Windmrti

Inclosure.

Grafton

Uudcruood

Inclosure.

Perry’s Nt.

Lincoln,

Ire.

feotds.

Metherior-

bam

Inclosure.

Candlefby

Inclosure.

New (ham Inclosuic.

Dutton*

Name.

Brown’s Debt to the Crown.

ditch, in the County of Middlesex: anil for e?ttingiiifh-ing all Right of Common in and upon the said Square, without any Amendment: And also,

Tlit* I»rds have agreed to the Dill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Arable Lands, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Killamar/h, in the County of Derby; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the several Parishes and Liberties of ir/nltbiiy Norton, and Brochhall, or in some or one of them, in the County of Xurthampton; without ativ Amendment: And also,

The I ords have agreed'to the I>ill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common l;ields, Common Meadows, Pad 11 res, and Common Downs, in the Parishes of Shire borne and W in the County of Gloucester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, in the Manor and Parish of Graf Ion in the County o (Northampton-,without any Amendment;

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Maria Perry; without any Amendment: And ^Ifo,

The Lords have agreed t o the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Hoads leading to and from the City of Lincoln; and for repairing and widening the Reads from the Termination Of the pjefent Turnpike Road, at the Foot of -bridge Bridge, over the said Bridge, Westward, to the Extremity of the County of Lincoln, near a Place called Potter Hill, and from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road at. the Foot of Canwick /////.Southward, to a Windmill, at the Top of the said Hill; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, Heath, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

'Die Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Comihon Fields, Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Candlefoy, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

*The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, and a Stinted Failure, in the Township of Newsham, in the North Riding of the County of York without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable William Dutton, Esquire, his First and other Sbns, and their Issue Male, to take, use, and bear, the Name and Arms of Naper, pursuant to the Will of James Lenox Dutton, Esquire, deceased; and for making the Exemplification of the Will and Codicil of the said James Lenox Dutton, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity, in Great Britain and Ireland > without any Amendment: And also,

' The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to make an Agreement or Composition with the several Sureties of William Broun, and the Representatives of such of

B rtn!»tf Inclulurtf;

Newbald

Inclosure.

Killefcy

lucloiure*

Thornton

Inclosure.

the said Sureties as are dcarl, for a Debt remaining due from them to the Crown, on several Tobacco Bonds entered into and executed by such Sureties respectively; and that they and their 1 Hates and Effects may be acquitted and discharged therefrom; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing l'everal Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Ings, Common and other Waste Lands'and Grounds, within the Township and Manor of Barm by upon the Moor, iii the Ea!t Hiding of t lie

County of York; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act fordividing and inclosing several Open Common Arable Fields, Wolds, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Townships o {'NorthXexbald, and Smith Xewbald, with-

in the Pitrish of North Nero bald, in the County of York s without any Amendment: And also,

'Die Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Opcti and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, find Liberties, of in the County of Northampton; without any Amend-' merit: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Meadow and Pasture Grounds, and the Common or Moor, within the Township of in the

Parish of Fojton, in the North Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Charles Morris to which the

Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mefl'engers withdrew.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,. several Commons, Moors, or Waste Grounds, and Open Common Fields, in the Township of within the Parish of Silhston, in the County of York, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual Prevention Teti of the manufacturing of Alh, Elder, Sloe, and other preventing Leaves, in Imitation of Tea; and to prevent Frauds Abul'es. in the Revenue of Excise, in respect to Tea, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Thle be. An Act for the more effectual Prevention of the manuJafturing of Alh, Elder, Sloe, and other Leaves, in Imitation of Tea; and to prevent Frauds in the Revenue of Excise, in respect lo Tea.

Resolved, That Mr. James Grenville do carry the Bill to the Ixirds, and desire their Concurrence.

Khnert’S

Nat.

Barnffcy

Inclosurt#

An ingrossed Bill to enable Isaac Marlin Rebow, Ef" quire, to take and use the Surname of pursuant to the Will of Matthew Marlin, Esquire, deceased, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Isaac Martin Rebou>, Esquire, to take and use the Surname of Martin, pursuant to the Will of Matthew Martin, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Luther do carry the Eill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An

Rebow’» Nau

K!anm*»

Nau.

bffice* and

hpifts WHls tftd Deed*.

tadico#irc«

Tea eipi ned to ireiaud.

Dyers. Sec. regulating the Trade.

17Gfco.Hl 8° Mail. 48 f

An ingrofibd Bill from the Lrirrts, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Charles Morris vvas read the;

First Time.

tte/olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to.indemnify such Persona as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments j and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to regilier or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by La1#, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and BorougliToWns, wholb Admilfions have been omitted to be liaraped according to I^aw, or having been stamped, have been loft or miilaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill

A Bill for allowing further Time for Tnrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Belief of Protestant Purchasers, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

RcJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Refotvedy That (his House will, upon Tuefddy Morn* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, relating to encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America; to the registering the Prices at which Com is fold in the several Countiei of Great Britain, and the Quantity exported arid Imported; to encouraging the Manufacture of Leather by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate; to the allowing Timber and Wood to be exported from the Bland of , into any other

of the British Blands, Colonies, or Plantations in America, and to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of llritish-tna.deCordage, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Re/uked, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Purling do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Customs on the Exportation of Tea to Ireland, Was committed.

Mr. Purling accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question fbverally pnt thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ihgrolfed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report ftom the Committee, to whom the Bill to allow the Mafler Dyers and Calico Printers, within the

Yol. 36.

Counties 6f Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, Apd Kent, to etn* ploy Journeymen; in their respective Trades, who have not served Apprenticeships thereto; Wt£s committed; be now read.

°And the said Order being i*had accofdtftgly; ,

Mr. -Alderman Harley reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the fcomihittefe had gone through the Bill, and made IbverSl Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; rind afterwards delivered the Bill, writh the Amendments, in at the Clerk’? Table.

Ordered, That the fold Report be now read. ,.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Report was read;

And the Petition of several Persons whose Karnes ar& thereunto Written, being Mailers 111 the Trade or Mystery of Dying, and Journeymen who have served a regular Apprenticeship to the said Trade or Mystery, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard; and, examined a Witness in support of the Allegations of the said Petition.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the Further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till after the House shall hart proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day:

Sir Charles Whitworth, According to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted, to His Majesty the Resolutions which the Committee -had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow-' eth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sam, not exceeding Forty-one thousand Bight hundred and Twenty Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to discharge. such unsatisfied Claims and Demands for Expences incurred upon account of Hospitals during tlte late War in Germany, as appear to be due, by the Reports of Mr. Thomas Bishop, late Director of Foreign Hospitals, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’» Treasury, dated the 28th Day of March 1777*

Re/okced, That it is the Opinion cif this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-two thousand Nine hundred and Thirty-four Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good -the like Sum, which ha? been issued, by His Majesty’s Orders, to sundry Persons, to be by them applied for the Relief arid Benefit of such American Civil Officers, and others, w ho have suffered on account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee^ That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Eight hundred and Seventy-nine Pounds Ten Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to replace the like Sum, which has been issued by IJis Majesty’s Orders^ to Mr. Dimcan CampbeUyfot the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing. Convicts on the River Thames.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,-That the Slim of Thirteen thousand and Sixty Foulids-and Two Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good to His Majesty the- Hke Sum, whiah bas been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, in pursuance of the Addresses of this Hdufe.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

’ And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution*.

6 G ' The

Aaauittai

Laws delating to Sewert.

Importation

of

Currants, ftc.

Clergy

Krliaciice.

Dyers, &c.

ffguhting

Utc Trade.

8* — Q° Mail.

' The House divided.

'I'hc'^Nocs went forth.

T^rsforthaY^f^^S^..} 5o.

Tellers for the Noes, } 4

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The subsequent Kcsolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Sir Herbert Mackworfh, according to Order, reported

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for registering the Grants of Life Annuities, and for the better Protection of Infants againtliuchGrants, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout.; and then a Second Time, Oue by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And the Counsel for knd against-the Bill were called in . 4;

And the Counsel for the Petitioners examined another Witness, in Support of the Allegations of the said Petition; and went through the Evidence for the Petitioners.

Then the Counsel for the Bill was heard-

And the Counsel against the Bill having been heard by way of Reply; ' .

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to.withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 90 Mali;

Anno 17* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1777

9

PraYirs.

Mr. Pownallpresented to the House, according to A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Art*

Order, a Bill to explain and amend the Laws now in A & for vesting an undivided Moiety ofeertain Estatei.

being relating to Sewers: And the same was received; Freehold and Copyhold Estates, late of Dame Elizabeth and read the IirftTime. Pettits, deceased, in Trustees, to convey and surrender

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. the same respectively, pursuant to an Agreement for Ordered, That the said Bill be printed. the Sale thereof; and for laying out the Money in the

Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House settled to the like Uses, was read a Second Time, tb resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward t6 consider of the Eleventh Rule in the Book of Rates, Aftley, Mr. &c: And they are to meet this so far as the same relates to the making any Allowance Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s upon' the" Importation of damaged Currants, R.aifins, Chamber.

FigS, and Prunes, be now read. * '

And the ftiid Order being read accordingly;' . An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Bulmer

’ The House resolved itself into the said Committee. closing, the Open Fields, Common Patlures, and Inclosure*

" Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Moor or Common, in the Parish of Bulmer, in the

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Com- North Riding of the County of York, was read the foittee. Third Time.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. R, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ' Sir Charles llhtsworth reported from the Committee, be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the That they had come to fcTeral llesolutions; which Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Moor of Com-they had directed him to report, when the House will mou, in the Parish of Bulmer, in the North Riding of jileafe to receive the same. the County of York.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Ordered, That Mr. Hartley do carry the Bill to the Morning. ’ ' . Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

' The Order of the Day being read, for resuming A Petition of the Commissioners of Sewers for the Finlburjr, the adjourned Consideration of the Report which was Limits of Holborn and Divisions, in the Parish kc-

made from The Committee, to whom the Bill to pro- of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, and the Liberty of Nor- '^ewers‘ mote the Residence of the'Parochial Clergy, by making ton Falcate, in the County of and the Bor-

Provision for the more speedy and effectual building, ders and Confines of the fame, was presented to the rdftiuitding; repairing, or purchasing Houses, and other House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners necessary Buildings and Tenements, for the use of find, that Leave is given to bring in a Bill for making their Benefices', was committed; proper Sewers and Drains, in the Prebendal Lllate of

And the House being informed, that several other Fin/b and in the Suburbs of the City of Amendments are necessary to be made to the said London, but under the Jurisdiction of the Petitioners;

Bill; and representing to the House, that it would be of

Refdved, That the said Bill be rc-committed. public Utility to continue the profent new Sewer in Fore.

' Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Street, made by the City of London, to the Extent of

Committee of the whole House. the Liberty of the said City, and from thence to The

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- f)og House Bar, in the County of and that

nig next, resolve itself into a Committee oi the whole it would likewise tend to the Advantage of the Public,

House, upon the said Bill. if the Petitioners were empowered to mak£ new Sewers

and Drains, and to repair, alter, and enlarge, the old The House, according to Order, proceeded to the ones, within the Division of Fin/bury, and the Parish of stirlher Hearing of Cotinlel upon the Bill to allow the Saint Leonard Shoreditch, and the Liberty of Nor-Ma'iiv Dyers and Cnllico Printers, within the Counties ton Falgate, in the said County of Middlesex, near to of Middlesex, Ef.r, Surrei/, and Kent, to employ Jour- the said Prebendal Estate, so that the waste Waters . iicvmen in their respective Trades, who have not of such Sewers and Drams might ruu and fall into the served Apprenticeships thereto. several Sewers of the City of under a Compen-

'* * ' ' fation

t. . — -

17 Geo. III. 9* Mali.

falioYi to be tnade, by the Petitioners, to the City: of London, for the fame; and in that same it would be ueeeflary that the Petitioners tliould be invested with proper Powers for accomplishing the fame: And there-. fore praying. That the House will give Leave to the Petitioners to offer proper Clauses to the Committee appointed to prepare the said Bill, to answer the several Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And* that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred'to Mr. Mr. Alderman Hdr» ky, Lc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

1 ‘ _

a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrosspd Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the.; Marriage of George Carpenter, Esquire, Earl of in the Kingdom, of If eland, with the Right honourable Lady Frances Manners, his now Wife; and to enable, him to marry again, and for other Purposes thereid mentioned;

Mr. Speaker left, the Chair.

Mr. Herbert took the Chair of the Committee."

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Herbert reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee, to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the BilMo the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered-the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Earl

TyrcouneFi

Divorce.

fiiiBiitui Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third tlataf Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for further restrain-ing the Negotiation of Promissory Notes, and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part Great Britain called England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for further reltraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes, and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That Sir George Saville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Xenfiagtoa Mr. Alderman Wilkes reported from the Committee, *>oor* to whom the Bill for the better Relief, Employment, Regulation, and Government, of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary Abbot Is, Kenfinglon, in the County dlesex, and for building a Work house for the Reception of the said Poor; and also for enabling the Trustees for the Time being of certain Charity Eliates belonging to the said Parish, to grant Leases thereof, and to ma-. stage and improve the fame, and apply the Rents end Profits thereof in the Manner therein mentioned; and for explaining and amending an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of hi*, late Majesty King George the Second, intituled " An ' " AH to impower the Churchwardens, Overseers of " the Poor, and Vestry of the Parish of Kensington, *f in the County of to make a Rati*, or

" Rates, for tin.* Relief of the Poor, and the better repairing of the Highways, and eleaufing the Streets, " within the said Parish," was re-committed; Thai the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they hail directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report, in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments

were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill for electing Trustees.

Ami the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Queliiou put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing the Trustees, to swear to their Qualifications.

„ . And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks;

which being iilled up, the said Clause was, upon the Quell ion put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

'Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments,-be ingfotiedt ?

The House, according to Order, resolved itfejf into

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Maidfton£ the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Maidjlonin the County of Kent, in the room of the Right honourable Heneage.

Finch, commonly called Lord G now Earl of Aylesford, called up to the House of Peers.

A Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Harry* Majesty’s Treasury to compound a Debt due to the Crown, from the Ellate of William Harry, deceased, ' Crow*, and I)is Sureties, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That be Bill the committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee' of the whole House. *

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-' night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole-House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for preventing Abuseg in making Bricks and Brick . Tiles was read a Second Time. ., malting;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Herbert Machxvorth, Mr. Herbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s.

Chamber.

An ingrossed* Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Shears Ashbj closing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Paf- Indofur*. tures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Shears AJkby, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title, be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the.

Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands:and'

Grounds, of and within* the Manor and Parish of Shears Afiby, in the county of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Knightley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming fcgmdey the adjourned Consideration of the Report which was Iadofure; made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, several Commons,

Moors, or Waste Grounds, and Open Common Fields, in the Township of Barnjky, within the Parish of Silk-fort, ftf the County of York, was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Quelhon severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered;

o

484

Mail

A 1777.

Bafchurch,

ire.

Incioiurc.

Sevtra

Bridge

and

Gloucester

Streets.

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Pvlteney reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and incloting the Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Manors of

Rafchurch, Horsley, StanWardine in the , Wefion,

Lullin" field, and Stanwardinein the , in the Coun-

ty of Salop, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned ltad given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Two Proprietors of Estates within the said Manors, which are assess'ed to the Land TtSf at £.4. 7 s. jod. per Annum, who refused to sign

the Bill; and also except Two other Proprietors, whose Estates are assess'ed to the Land Tax at £.15 16s. per Annum, who declared themselves neuter; and that

the Estates of the Proprietors, who are confcnting to the Bill, are assess'ed to the Land Tax at £.91. 141. o%d. per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were CAice read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereon, were agreed toby the House,

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for repairing the public and private Roads.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; 'which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the house to be made Part of the Bill. \

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ifgcofied. ....

An ingrossed Bill for re-building the Bridge over the River $eixru at Maj/mare, near the City of;

for repairing and making commodious Overs Caifixvay, leading from the said City towards aforesaid; for amending and altering the Bridge over another Branch of the said River Severn, near the West Gate of the said City; and for enforcing the proper paving and cleansing of the fevered Streets within the said City; $nd Sue removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefroip, and preventing the like for the future, was read the Third Tiriie.

An ingpolfadt Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, That if it shall appear upon Trial, within a certain Time, that the Bridge is a County Bridge, the Tolls shall cease, and the Trea-stirer of the County shall payoff the Money borrowed.

And the Question being put, Thai the said Clause be brought tip»

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rvder, declaring that the Sum 1,260, directed to be levied, shall hot be raised until the Revenues granted to the Corporation of Gloucester be first applied.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought Up; '

' It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was- offered to-be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, declaring that all Persons now liable to pave the Streets within die City of ojher shall remain liable to pitch and pafve the feme.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought iip;

It passed in the Negative.

Pefulved, That the Bill do pafst And that thre Title be, An Act for rebuilding the Bridge over the River at Maifiniore, near the City of Gbucefier; for raffing,

21

widening, and securing, Overs Caileading from the said City towards Maifemore aforesaid; and for enforcing the proper paving and cleaning of the fa* vend Streets within the said City; and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.-

Ordered, That Mr. Barrow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That all Committees have leave, to fit, not- Committee* withstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Mr.Gascoyne reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for lighting and watching the Hamlet of Mite End Old Toton, in the Parish of Saint Dunfian, Stepney, otherwise Stebonh rath, in the County of Middl^/ex, was

committed; and to whom the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Hamlet of Mile End Old Town, in the Parish of Saint Dunfian, Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bilii and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Ta*r ble: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That ati humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to express the just Sense this House entertains of His Majesty’s Regard for- the lasting Welfare and Happiness of his People; and, as this House cannot omit any Opportunity of showing their Zeal and Regard for His Majesty’s Honour, and the Prosperity of His Family, humbly to beseech His Majesty, that, in Consideration of the- high Rank and Dignity of their-Royal Highnesses the Dukes of Gloucester and Cumberland, He would he graciously pleased to make some; Addition to their annual Income, out of the Revenues' cheerfnlly granted His Majesty, for the Expences of the Civil Government, and better supporting the Honour' and Dignity of the Crown; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will enable His Majesty effectually to perform the fame, as nothing will more conduce to the strengthening of His Majesty’s Government than honourably supporting the Dignity of the different Branches- of the Royal Family;

- And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas )

I ellers for the \ eas, j } 45r

Tellers for the Noes f Sir J-

1 ellers for the JNoes, £ Sir Howard. J1

So it pedfed in the Negative.

Some Allusions having been made, in the Debate on the last Question, to the Speech of Mr. Speaker, delivered at the Bar of the House of Peers, on Wednesday last; Mr: Speaker, as soon as the said Question was do- termined, called the Attention of the House to this Subject, and desired that a Copy of the Speech therf made by him- might be read at the Table;

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pfo-posed, That the Speaker of this House, in his Speech to H is Majesty, at the Bar of the House of Peers, on WeineJUayb&, and which was doftred, Nemine Contra-dicente, by this House, to be printed, did express, with

just

Mile End

n»;>htW

WatdL

Re*fnuf$ of the Dukes of Gloucester and Cumberland.

Morion

respe&irK rn« Speech rr.ade by the Speaker on the 7Ch Maf.

17 Geo. ill.

Mail

4^5

Lunce, i2°

9° — 12

just and proper Energy, ths Zeal of this Hoilfe, for the Support of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, iri Circumstances of great public Charge;

A Motion was made, and the Question pfoposed;

That the House do now adjourn;

Which Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the Question being put, ITiat the Speaker df

this Iloulfe, in his Speech to His Majesty, at the Bar Prayers.

of the House of Peers, on Wednesday last, and which fiR That Air. do carry to ihe Lord's Mete was desired Nemine Contradicente, by this House, to be L/ the iogrofled Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- _Afllby printed, did express, with just and proper Energy, the closing the Open and Common Fields, Common Paf-

Anno 17° Georgii

III*0 Regis, 1777;

Inclosure.

Aflctoa

Keynes

laciofure.

Zeal of this House, for the Support of the Honour and Diguity of the Crown, in Circumstances of great public Charge;

It was resolved in the Affirmative;

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be returned to Mr. Speaker, for his said Speech to llis Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Ground?, in the Manor and Parish of Keynes, in

tures, Comihon Alteadows, and Other Commotiable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Shears Ashby, in the County of Northampton1; and desire the Concurrence of their Lordfhijjs thereto.

An ingrossed. Bill for enlarging the Terhi and Powers Tal y Cafn of an Act, made in the Ninth Year Of the Reign of His Jfo

present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and 08 -

" widening the Road leading from Toly Cafn Ferry,

" in the Count}-of Caernarvon, and through the Towns " of Conzcay, Bangor, and Caernarvon, to the 1'own of

" Pzdlhely, in the same Countyand also for repairing and widening the Roads from TalCafn Fei-ry, afore-

Preservatioa,

of

Dock Yard*.

the County of Wilts, was committed, be received upon laid, on the Side of the River Conway, to

Monday Morning next. join the Turnpike Road between Conway

AJ'aph, at a Place called Sarny and from the

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Turnpike Road between Bangor and Como ay, at the ing next, resolve ittelf into a Committee of the whole Village of A her, over Bzvlch y Ddzcy Mountain, to

House, upon the Bill for the better securing and preferring the Dock Yards, Magazines, Ships, Vessels, Stores, Warehouses, Goods, and Merchandizes, being the Property of private Persons within the of Great Britain.

Kingdom

Safety.

Hniatn

and Seamen.

Taly Cqfn Ferry, aforesaid, and from thence to the Town of in the County of Denbigh, was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His pre-Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- sent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole widening the Road leading from Tal y Cafn Ferry, in House, to consider further of the Supply granted to t be County of Caernarvon, and through the Towns of His Majesty. " Conzcay, Bangor, and Caernarvon, to the Town of

" Pzdlhely, in the same County," and also, for repair-Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning an(j widening the Roads from y Cqfn ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whob aforesaid, on the Denbighshire Side of the River Con-

House, upon the Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Mcrcliant Ships, and other Trading

Cwi7*°g Ships and Vessels. Captures into !-Araerican Cotonic*.

way, to join the Turnpike Road between Conzcay and Saint Asaph, at a Place called Sam y Mynech; and from the Turnpike Road between Bangor and Conway-, at the Village of A her, over

tain, to Taly Cafn Ferry aforesaid, and from thence to

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- the Town in the County of Denbigh.

Ways and Mca

cans.

Importation

of

Currants,

Dyers, &c.

regulating their Trade.

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to authorize the carrying of the Captures therein mentioned into any Part of His Ma-jefiy’s Dominions in North America, by such Licence and Warrant as is therein provided.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of \Y ays and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report of the Committee of the whole House to whom it was referred to consider of the Eleventh Rule in the Book of Rates, so for as the same relates to the making any Allowance upon the Importation of damaged Currants, Railins, Figs, and Prunes, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to allow the Mailer Dyers and Callico Printers, within the Counties of Middl Surrey, and

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Asjketon Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Ozcen of Pembroke reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadow, Stinted Paf-turc, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Earl Stoke, in the County of was committed}

That the Committee hud examined, and found that thg Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of Aprils 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been corn" plied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: "Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One;

Earl Stoke Iodofurci

Kent, to employ Journeymen in their respectiveTrades, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were who have not served Apprentiqeships thereto, was com- agreed to by the Hopfe.

mitted, be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, tye

And then the House adjourned till Matiday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 36.

ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled. Act Act

6 H

Earl

Tyrconncis

Divorce,

to

4^6 12° Mail. A. 1777.-

to dissolve the Marriage of George Carpenter, Esquire, the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, Earl of Tyrcotmel, in the Kingdom of Ireland, with the presented to the House, pui suant to their Orders,

Bight honourable Lady Frances Manners, his now An Account, shewing the increased Debt oTHii Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Majesty’s Navy, on the gift December 1776, with the Purposes therein mentioned j was read the Third Keafons for the fame: And all'o,

Time. An Account of Navy, Victualling, and Transport

( Resolved, That the Bill do pass. Bills, made out on or before the 2.8th February 1777,

Ordered, That Mr. Herbert do carry the Bill to the and which yet remain unpaid; distinguishing the Sunt# Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed made out in each Month.

to the fame, without any Amendment. And the Titles of the said Accounts were read*

The laid Accounts are as followeth; uz.

Njwy D«bt. Mr. Buller, from the Commissioners for executing

A7*

.14* M

»7 Geo. III.

'4 Navy

*4th April 1777.

SAn ACCOUNT, shewing the Increase of the Debt of tlis Majesty’s Navy* on the 31st December 17 76, with the Reasons for the said Increase; prepared pursuant to the Commands of the Honourable House of Commons, dated 21 1777.

' l)«bt of the Nary ou the 31st of December 1778 -

Debt of the Navy on the 31st of December 1775, as presented to Parliament Granted *by Parliament towards discharging the Debt -

Which reduces it to -Debt of the Navy on the 31st December 1776, increased

£ S. d.

£.2,698,579 3 1,000,000 — — 34*4,420 6 4*

1.698;579 — -i

- - - - i 19*5,84! 5 si

Reasons for the said Increase:

On account of the Navy:

Interest incurred on Nary Bill* -

Premium On the Importation of Naval Stores -

Charge of Transports -

Value of several Ships and Vessels purchased for His Majesty’s Service Charge of fitting and storing such of them as were brought in England Expence incurred on building Ships in Merchants Yaras, over and above the Sum voted for the Sen ice in the Extra Estimate -Expence of *2084 Seamen and Marines bon:? more than voted, for Wear and Tear and Wages -

Bounty Money to volunteer Seamen, together with the Expence of raising Men Head Money for Privateers taken in the late War -

Sundry Expences on account of the Longitude -

Increase of Pensions from +s.‘ to 6s. per Day to 30 superannuated Lieutenants, for the last Half Year 1776 ——

For Surveying the Coasts of Great Britain, Newfoundland, and Florida, by Mesm/Mc Kentie, Gw/ld, Dc Barret, and their Assistants -Levy Money expended for an Augmentation of Marines - - - .

Imprests for raising Recruits for the Marine Sen ice in Ireland -Camp Eqaipagfe provided for Marines serving on Shore in North America Imprested to George Wombwcl!, Esquire, for the Pay of JVIarincs, serving in North America, over and above what may be computed to have been expended for the same in the Year 177<5 -

The Value of sundry Naval Stores, particularly Hemp, Cordage, Canvas, Riga Masts, and Iron, purchased more than the Supplies of the Year admitted, in order to replenish His Majesty’s Magazines, and fornish a sufficient Supply for the great Number of Ships armed in the course of the Year, -fend sent abroad for those employed in foreirn Parts, beyond what was fore-jeea to be wanted at tho Beginning of the Year, may be estimated at

On account of the Victualling:

As received from those Commissioners:

36.218

8.574

783,651

28,162

d.

2 4

3

10

11

6.15310 3

77*212 4 —

42,846----

445,----

806 8 6

To be accounted for by the

Navy.

1,111,606

552-----

2,334 12 —

7.973-----

6,000 — — 1,429-----

10,000 — . — .

83,000 — —

1,111,323 19 g

Victualling.

£. s. d. 8*4^35 4 7?

Expence of victualling Laud Forces -

Extra Freights and Demurrage ——

Interest paid and incurred on Bills -

Additional Allowance of Vi nerar ——

The Number of Men mustered exceeds the Number of Men voted 305, which at ip*, per Man a Month is ——

A new Wharf building at Portsmouth -

Bills df Exchange drawn from the East Indies for the Service of His Majesty’s Ships there in the preceding Year, which have been paid in the present Year ——

Sills made out to Pursers on the Baiauce of their Victualling Accounts, numbered in this Year, for Accounts which terminated in former Years, and not included in any former Debt, in regard it could not be known till their Accounts were made up, whether they were Debtor or Creditor -

Bills made out for Provisions delivered, and Services performed, on or before the 3 ist December 1775, received and numbered since, and were not included in the Estimate of the Debt for that Time, the Accounts of which not coming to Hand till the Year 1776 ——

Amount of Provisions, A#, sent for the Use of His Majesty’s Ships in North America, which were on the Way on the 31st December 1776 -

Amount of Provisions, Ifc. sent for the Supply of His Majesty’s Stores, at the Out Posts, which wirre on the Wav on the 31st December 1776 Amount of Provisions, %c. *ent for trie Supply of His Majesty’s Stores at Gibraltar, which were on the Way on the 31st of December 1776 -

Amount of Provisions, frc. sent for the Supply of His Majesty’s Ships in the Eqf Indies, which w ere on the Way on the 31st December 1776 Amount of Provisions, be. supposed to be on board the Acteon Cruizer, Savage and Ferret Sloops, w hen they were lost -Amount of the victualling of Men that were not included in the Musters Value of the Remains in Store on the 31st December 1776, exceeds the Remains of the preceding Year -

Thcrp were a greater Number of His Majesty’s Ships in Commission on the gist December 1776, than on the 31st December 1775, and consequently the Remains of the Provisions on board on the 31st December 1776, must greatly exceed the Remains of tfle preceding Year, which with the high Price paid for Provisions for the Use of His Majesty’s Ships at home, and in foreign Parts, together with the Waste and Decay of Provisions, may be presumed to be the reasons for the remaining Sum or -

Afc* Suckling, J. Williams, Gto. Marsh, T. Brest, W* Palmer<

Vol. 36.

301,061 H 11

*2,073 10 3

*3.077 4 6

3,937 17 9i

3.766 15

4.000 — —

7,361 13 4

6,100 16 5

*1,134 12 9

30,680 1 8

23,622 8 6

2.298 — —

3.665 4 7i

*.764 — .

44 2 9*

73,921 8 *1

*85,725 13

814.235 4 a

Navy

c

ft

488

i a* Matt.

A, 177?,

Navy Office, 24th April 1777.

Ah ACCOUNT of Navy, ViftuAlling, and Transport Bills, which were made out on or before the a8tH February 1777* and which yet temain unpaid, distinguishing the Sums mkde out in each Month; prepared pursuant to an Order from the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 21st April 1777, viz.

« III what Months made out NAVY BILLS. VICTUALLING BILLS. GENERAL TOTAL.

For Naval Service. For Transport Service. Total

£ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £. s. d. £ s. d.

1775 December 67,186 3 — 13*613 13 5 80,799 16 5 75.341 2 1 156,140 18 6

1776 January 58,801 9 9 18,826 18 9 77,628 8 6 74,2.55 2 7 151,883 II 1

February 38,646 16 9 14,690 10 53*337 6 9 .92,368 18 145,706 4 9

March 49,788 2 54.854 9 3 104,643 3 5 ‘42,932 12 4 247.575 *5 9

April 64,424 2 8 31.589 4 2 96,013 6 10 *33.976 5 4 229,989 12 z

May 53*44 l6 7 26,017 2 2 79*457 18 9 87,3*7 5 4 166,775 4 1

June 52»?)32 — 10 5,082 3 — 57*6*4 1 1 95,754 5 8 *53,368 6 9

July 60,874 I 1 *3»532 — — 84,406 1 1 98,563 *3 4 182,969 *4 5

August 72»544 2 10 16,620 3 6 89,164 6 4 30,858 8 1 120,022 *4 5

September 121,088 19 9 15,699 17. 1 136,788 16 10 48,142 IO 7 184,931 7 5

October "7*974 15 3 40,309 3 4 158,283 18 7 43*399 16 201,683 14 7

November 44*453 IO 8 25,259 16 9 69,7*3 7 5 50,968 *7 2 120,682 4 7

December 75,408 18 6 97,386 5 4 *72,795 3 IO 80,279 7 2 253,074 11

1777 January 51.853 12 8 71,106 16 11 *22,990 9 7 68,145 12 IO 191,106 2 5

February _ 50,872 7 5 58,401 15 7 109,274 3 64,115 1 5 173,389 4 5

£ 979,890 11 11 512,989 16 6 1,492,880 8 5 i,t 86,418 *7 11 *,679,299 6 4

The Whole amounting to the Sum of Two Millions Six hundred and Seventy-nine thousand Two hundred and Ninety-nine Pounds Six Shillings and Four Pence. 1

M* Suckling, J. Williams, Geo. Marsh, Brett, W. Palmer,

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

lafchurch. An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the inclosure. Manors of Bafchurch, Horsley, Stanwardine in the Wood,

Weston, Lullingfield, and Stanwardine in the Fields, in the County of Salop, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Manors of church, Horsley, Stanwardine in the Wood, WeJIon, Lullingfield, and Stanwardine in the Fields, or some of them, in the County of Salop.

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deft re their Concurrence.

Chester Mr. Wilbraham Bootle reported from the Committee> Navigation, to whom the Bill for varying and enlarging the Powers' of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Dec, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to or near Middlewich, and Nantic ich, in the County of Chester, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and hud 22

examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to; and the rest were, with an Amendment to one of them agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for registering the Grants of Life Arvuritw. Annuities, and for the better Protection of Infants against such Grants, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for registering the Grants of Life Annuities, and for the better Protection of Infants against such Grants.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Discom/ Account of what Money has been ilftied by the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, in pursuance of an Act; Longitude, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty’s

Reign

t

Laws

concerning

Usury

and

Annuities

17 Geo. III. 1 Mail-4891.

Reign, intituled. " An Act for the repeal of all for- fiance where more was given; that was upon a real " mcr Acts concerning the Longitude at Sea, except Security, and the Price was Seven Years Purchase.

" so much thereof :is relates to the Appointment and Mr. said, That where the Person is of great

rt Authority of the Commissioners thereby constituted; Property, and the Security on that Account reckoned " and also such Cla)ifes as relate to the conftmating, good. Seven Years Purchase has been given;.and he " printing, publitiling, vending, and licensing, of added. Eight Years Purchase, if there was Laud ScNautical Almanacks and other ufeftil Tables; and curity: Na Infiance however was mentioned where so " for the more effectual Encouragement and Reward of much as-Flight Years Purchase had been given; and " such Person and Persons as shall discover a Method the Instances of Seven Years Purchase do not appear " for finding the fame, or thall make useful Disco- to have been very frequent of late; — Two were men;

verics in Navigation; and for the better making Ex- tinned to the Committee in Addition to that stated " periments relating thereto." by Mr. Taylor*; in both, the Annuities were effectually

feciired on a real Estate, and paid by a Receiver; the Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, who were Life in the one same was 35, in the other, 45. — And appointed to take into Consideration the Laws now in it appeared by Mr. Clement/bu'sInfoi'matiort, that upon being against Ul'ury, and the present Practice of pur- Security, equally clear, and a younger Life, no more chafing Annuities for the Life of the Grantor, and to than Six Years Purchase had been given, report their Opinion thereupon to the House; That the Mr. Rrorcn like wife informed your Committee, That Committee had confulered the same accordingly; and though he had not transacted any Annuities at a lower had come to several Resolutions; which they had di- Rate than Six Years Purchase, yet he was fare many reded him to report to the House; and he read the had been sold at Four and Three Years Purchase. Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in The Security that usually has been taken, is a Bond at the Clerk’s 'fable: Where the same was read; and and Judgment from the Grantor, and sometimes ano-is as follower h; viz. ther Person is joined with him in the Security.

Your Committee in Profecmion of the First Oh- The Charge upon the Transaction of the Annuities, jed of their Inquiry, have fierufed the Statutes made which the Seller pays, amounts, by Mr. s Ac-

against Usury; and* they observe,. that the Advantage count, to 5 per Cent, upon the Price, including the to be made by the Loan of Money hath, at different Expence of all the Deeds, except the Judgment, for Periods, been relcrained to a certain Sum, which they which £. 5 are paid besides; — and Mr. Taylor added, conceive to have been somewhat above the Rate at that he believed such had been the usual Deductions in which the Use of Money might he procured, at the the Annuities transaded by Mr. Brozvn; but that there several /Eras when thele Acts passed. The - Act had been -great Abuses in this respect by other Per- 12 Anne, Statute 2. Cap. 16. has fixed 5 per Centum fons.

per Annum, as the lawful Value of the Use of Money Your Committee were further informed, That it upon Ixmn-, and all Contracts and Securities upon was generally understood, upon the Sale of such A11-which more is taken than after the aforesaid Rate, are nuities, though not so expressed in the Deeds, that they not only made totally void, bnt the Persons receiving might be redeemed on the Payment of the principal the same are subject to forfeitTreble the Money lent. Sum, with the Arrears of the Annuity to the Time of They proceeded to enquire into the present Practice Payment, and a farther Considerattonj which, usually of purchasing Annuities for the Life of the Grantor; was Haifa Year’s Annuity; — upon the Annuities and they propose to lay before the House the Result which Mr. IToodcock had settled on Behalf of the Grim-of their Enquiry in the following Method: tors, the Half Year’s Annuity had been exacted; and

First, to fiate the present Mode of transading this fn one same the Annuity was purchased in f

Business, and at what Price such Annuities are pur-' paid off in the July following, and tire Half Year's chafed. ' j; Payment beyond the current Annuity demanded and

Secondly, The real Value of Annuities, as far as taken; — Mr. Brozvn said. The Half Year’s Annuity the same can be reduced to Calculation. had, of late, been given up1 in the Settlement'of An-

The Committee mull observe, that the Information nuUiestoSconsiderable Amount; — said,

they have received upon the first Head has been taken He had found some Difficulty to get the Annuitants in the most general Terms, as they thought it their to agree to a Redemption on Payment of the pi incipal Duty to avoid any Examinations which might afford Sum; but after a Bill was brought into Parliament Discovery of particular Transactions, and disclose the for restraining the Sale of Life1 Annuities, many cajne Affairs of Individuals to the Public View; but they be- and offered to take their Principal; — and all he. relieve that the Result of the Enquiry w ill not be the left deemed were without Payment of the Half Year’s certain from the Reserve they have maintained. ' Annuity.

Mr. Richard. Brozvn, of Col den Square, who hath Upon the Second Head, the real VpHie of An-been conversant in the Purchase of Annuities for the nuities, the Committee hath entered, into a more, Life of the Grantor, for about Twelve Years, informed minute Examination; and the Eviderice they have your Committee, that some Years ago he has known taken has been directed.

Eight Years Purchase given for an Annuity/or the First, To discover the exact Value of an Annuity, Life of the Grantor; that Six Years Purchase is the ‘ for a given'Life, by Calculation, current Price; and that it may be said to be a Market Secondly, To ascertain the Value by the Rate at Price at present of an Annuity upon the Life of a. Per; which Lives are actually ihfured, and at which Life son of any Age from 21 to 50, both inclusive. ' ‘IntCrefis are estimated in the Purchase of Estates.

Robert Taylor, Esquire, who has been acquainted. l; Thirdly, To shew the Price that Annuities bore be-wish these Transactions, by having settled Annuities on .'fore the Practice of felling them was so frequent as it Behalf of the Grantors, said. That he took Six Years bath' been of late Years.

Purchase to be the current Price; — this Gentleman, The Committee received great Assistance upon the together with Elbro' Woodcock and John Clcmentfun, Ef- first Head from Mr. Mayor, who hath formed Tables,

-quires, informed your Committee, That they had fe- {hewing the present Value of Annuities from .£.1,000 verally been concerned in paying off Annuities to ja to on a Single Life, allowing compound interest very large Amount; and that those Annuities had at the different Rates of 5, 4, and 3 per Cent, from been fold, as appeared to them by the Bonds, at Siy the Age of 12 to 77, both inclusive.

Years Purchase; — Mr. Taylor knew some Annuities The probable Duration of Life, upon which his were sold at a lower Rate, and he only knew one In- Calculations of the Value of Annuities is formed, is Voi. 36, 6 1 net

75

49°

12° Maii. A. 1777.

Laws

concerning

Usury

and

Annuities.

not taken upon so high an Estimate as that of De-moivre's, whose Tables approach nearly to the Tables of Life formed on the Bills of Mortality at Northampton; nor upon so low an Estimate as those of Mr. Sbnpfon, who formed his on the Bills of Mortality in London.

Mr. Mayor has calculated his Tables for and the Bills of Mortality there; but he remarks, that they are decreased since the Date of Mr. Simpson's Tables; and he takes the Decrease to be owing, not to a Di-

minution of the Inhabitants, but to the Place being more healthy; for which he observes there are many visible Reasons; — and the Number of Chrillenings is upon the Increase, particularly for the last Ten Years. Mr. Mayor has calculated upon his Tables, the Value of Annuities, on a Single Life, from the Age of 21 to the Age of 50, taking the Medium of every Five Years j and also the medium Value of the Rifle or Premium.

From the Age of 21 to 25, both inclusive, is Value of £ ioo. Annuity. £.1,310 16 — Vn!ue of the Ri(kf or Premiums of Insurance ptr Cent, for each Year. £.2 12 61

26 to 30 D# — is 1,251 2 — 2 19 10

31 to 35 D* — is i,i9r 3 7 11

36 to 40 D° — is D*3° 4 — 3

41 to 45 D* — is 1,071 6 — 468

46 to 50 D* — is 1,047 419 — i

Six Years Purchase is the Price of an Annuity upon a Life of Seventy.

N. B. The above Table of the different Prices of £.100 Annuity is calculated, allowing the Purchaser

£.5 per Centum, compound Interest, on his Purchase Money.

Mr. Mayor has computed the possible Profit which may be made upon Annuities of Six Years Purchase of One Life.

A Person of 17 has an Equality of Chance to live 32 Years.

£.100 Annuity, on such a Life, will be paid 31 Times.

£.100, paid annually, for 31 Years, and put out every Year, at £.5 /xt Cent, compound Interest, is------ - £.7,076 1 7

But £.600, the Price of this Annuity for 32 Years, at £.5 per Cent, compound Interest, gives only.....- - - 2,858 19 3$

Difference is £. 4,217 2 3f

Mr. Manor has made another Calculation of the The Lives, on which Annuities are bought, may Profit which may, with reasonable Probability, be made be moderately takeh, one with another, at 15 Years by Annuities at Six Years Purchase. Duration.

First, /-too Annuity, for 15 Years, will be paid 14 Times, put out every Year at £.5 per Cent, compound Interest, is -

Second, Suppose the annual payments to be applied in purchasing Annuities at the like Rate, for 15 Years, the Produce will then be ——

But £.600, the Purchase of such an Annuity, at £.5 per Cent, compound Interest, in 14$ Years is but -

Suppose the Insurance of the £.600 to be deducted, not at its real Value, but at £.5 per Cent, compound Interest ——

The Annuity will then be £.70, and upon the first Hypothesis the Produce is Upon the Second, it is ——

l>959 *7 3

6,054 *7

1,217 *3 .1*

647 i it

I>317 18 1

4.138 7 lot

Mr. Baldicyn, the Begifter of the Amicable So-

ciety for a perpetual Insurance Office, at Serjeant’s Inn, informed your Committee, That the Plan of that Corporation is to take £.5 annual Payment, and a Premium of £.7. for. upon making the Insurance; in Consideration of which they pay to the Assignees of the Subscriber a rateable Share of the whole Payments

of the current Year in which such Subscriber dies. The Corporation admits all Ages from 12 to 45; but no more than Three animal Payments of £.5 each, ar£ allowed upon the same Life.

In a Period of 42 Years, the Payments by this Corporation have been as follows: ' "

From 1734 to 1757 the Average Dividend for each £.5 From 1758 to 1769 -

From 1770 to 1775 -

The Rate of Insurance in the First Period is

in the Second Period in the iThird -The Average Dividend for the Whole 42 Years is £.141.

And the Rate of Insurance has been £.3. 10s.

120 5 10

151 6 1

198 J3 5 4 "

3 4 —

2 10 — -

Mr. Baldin/n informed your Committee, That he had calculated the Duration of the Lives insured at that Office for the last 12 Years *, and that one Life with another it amounted to 19 Years.

Mr. William Morgan, Actuary to the Society of Equitable Assurances on Lives and Survivorships near

Black Fryars Bridge, efiablimed in 1762, by Deed of Settlement inrollfed in the Court of King’s Bench, upon the same Plan as the Union Fire Office, informed your Committee, That every Member beeomes an In furor, and nnfiverable; if the Premiums should not be sufficient to answer the Claims, every Member is liable to

bo

o

i7 Geo. III. 12* Mail. 49 *

be called \ipon in Proportion to the Sum he had in- They insure any Sum from £.20 to £.2,000 for One sured, if there is a Call; the Profits are to be divided Life; and any Age from 8 to 67; — They like wife in-amongst the Members in the same Proportion; but it sure upon Survivorships. and

is their Intention in future to lower the Premiums, and The mean Rates of Assurance on Single Lives in the Annuitiel; to return to the present Members the Difference be- Equitable Society, are, at present, tween the present Premium and the future Premium. —

From the Age of 20 to 25 for One Year £ 2 s. d. for 7 Years - Annually. £ 23 — for Life Annually: £ d. 3 5 6

25 to 30 - - 2 5 — - - 2 8 — - - 3 12 6

30 to 35 - - £ 11 6 - - 2 16 — - 426

35 to 40 - m 2 19 — a* - 3 5 — - 4x0 6

40 to 45 m 3 11 — - - 3 *8 6 - - 5 3 —

' 45 to 5° - 4 7 6 - - 4 16 6 - - 6

5° to 55 - - 5 4 6 - 5 *5 6 - - 6 i*5 -

55 to 60 - - 6 4 — - - 6 19 — - - 8 — — -

60 to 65 7 6 6 - - 8136 - - 10 3 —

It muff not, however, be inferred from hence, that by comparing the Number Of Persons that? die in the -the Society distinguishes the different Ages into those Society with the Number that should have died agree-several Classes, and so rates the Premium of Assurance able to the Table of Observations from which its Preaccording to a Fifth Mean between the youngest and miums have been calculated. — The Third, by investi-eldest Age. On the contrary, as it proceeds entirely gating the present Values of all the Assurances, and upon mathematical Principles, so of Course the Pre- comparing the Sum of those Values with the Stock or miums vary in every Year of Life; and it is evident, Capital of the Society. It would take tip too much that its present Surplus Stock has not arisen from Time, and may probably be unnecessary, to explain any Inaccuracy in its Calculations, but from making the Principles upon which the First and Third Methods use of a Table of Observations, which gave the are founded; but the Second is readily conceived; for Probabilities of Life lower than they appear to have if a smaller Number dies in the Society than the Table been in the Society. The Premiums are also made supposes should have died, a Demonstration will arise Cat higher by calculating at a lower Rate of of its thriving State; and if a larger number dies, the ' Interest.* It was, however, fair and necef- contrary will be proved, fory to take these Advantages, not only towards de- The State of the Equitable Society has been lately fraying the Expences of Management, but guarding examined by each of those Methods; and they all agree the Society, during its Infancy, against any particular in proving, that it is possessed of a Stock, not Only fuf-Losses which it might not then have been so well able ficient to answer all its Demands, but to secure it front to sustain. any Dangers which may arise in an uncommon Season

In order to determine the State of a Society, whose of Mortality. Hence, by pursuing the First Method, Bufinefe consists in making Assurances upon Lives, it appears, that the Claims during the last Nine Years, theft ara Three different Methods which may be em- have, on an Average, been ahnually above £. 3,00b ployed; by each of which it can be ascertained how less than they should have been, far ti» Society proceeds upon sure Principles on the By the Second Method, it is found that the1 Pro-one Hfend, or requires exorbitant Contributions on the portions of Deaths in the Society to those in the Table other. The First Method is, by finding the Propor- of Observations from which the Premiums have been tkras of the Premiums to the Claims.-~The Second, calculated, are.

From the Age of 20 to 30 as 7

' 30 to 40 as 3

40 to 50 as 1

0 to 60 as 2

60 to 70 as 7

to 17

to ft

to 2 /

to 3

to 5 or in all Ages from 20 to 70 as Two to Three, nearly

By comparing also the Decrements of Life in the Society, with those in Dr. Halley's Table, they are found to be.

From the Age of 20 to 30 as 5 q

30 to 40 as 5 to 6

40 to 50 as 6 to 7

50 to 60 as 5 to 6

60 to 70 as 5 to 3, or in all Ages from to 70 as

n to 13 nearly.

By the Third Method, which is by far the most certain, it appears, that the present Stock of the Society exceeds the Values of all the Assurances by £. 30,000, and upwards.

In Consequence of those concurring Proofs of the flourishing State of the Society, it is now in Agitation to reduce the Premiums of Assurance.

Mr. Taylor informed the Committee, That in valuing Lives upon Estates it was usual to take the Value of Vox. 36.

the Life -according to the most approved Tables; and that Intenest was only taken at £. 4 per Cent.: That he never remembers any Life valued so low as Six Years Purchase in any Transaction for the Purchase of Estates; and that he has been very conversant in the Buying and Selling Estates: That undoubtedly there is great Difference in the real Value of Lives between the Ages of 20 and 50.

The Committee were satisfied, from general Information,

Laws

concerning

Usury

and

Annuities,

49a Mail. 1777.

mation. That before the Period to which the Evidence upon the First Branch of their Enquiry relates, being about Twelve Years, Annuities for the Life of the Grantor were purchased at a Price much nearer their real Value than they have been since. Ten Years Purchase, upon good Security, has been given for a Life of 50; nor was there One general Price for all Ages; but the Value varied according to the Estimate of the Life on which the Annuity was granted; whereas, in the present Mode of granting Annuities, there is but One Price taken for all Ages between 20 and 50.

The Fasts submitted to the Consideration of the House will enable them to judge how far the Committee are warranted in the Observations they have made,*and the Resolutions formed upon them.

Six Years Purchase is. allowed to be the current Price of an Annuity upon a Life from the Age of 21 to the Age of 50.

If the Transaction was intended to be a real Sale, Things so different in their Value could not yield the same Price.

The Persons advancing their Money upon Annuities at this Rate, have a reasonable Expectation that the Principal will be returned; and the Persons to whom it is advanced have a Confidence that they may repay it when they can.

The Transaction then is formally a Sale, but in Sub fiance it is a Loan of Money upon a perishable Security, w'here the Advantage taken bears no Proportion to the Hazard, though that Hazard may be estimated, and in other Transactions, where there is a real Sale of a Life Interest, or a Reversion expectant upon it, is estimated with reasonable Certainty.

The exorbitant Profit gained by this Mode of advancing Money, is contrary to the Intention of the Law that regulates Interest upon Loans; it is a Restraint upon all those who have Occasion to borrow upon a Life Estate for any prudent Purpose; and it is a Public Mischief in respect both of the Gain and of the Ruin which such Bargains produce.

The Excess of this Profit may be corrected by limiting the Gain of such Bargains to legal Interest, and a reasonable Compensation for that Risk, which in Cafes under no peculiar Hazard attends the Security.

The Value of the different Classes of Lives appears not only by Calculations, upon which Men daily aft in the Purchase of Estates, but by the Rate at which Lives of different ages are insured with Profit.

The Compensation for the Risk of the Life ought to be taken upon a larger Allowance not only than its real Value, but even than the Rate at which such Risk may be insured; and the Reduction of the Price to a lower Sum may be left to the Competition that mull arise in Transactions which will no longer be disgraceful.

All Adyantage beyond the Rate prescribed ought to be deemed Usurious, and made subject to the Penalties provided against Usury; with an Exception only of the Lives of those, who, from the Nature of their Employment, are exposed to peculiar Hazards: And all Annuities ought to be redeemable; because, if a fair Consideration is paid, the Redemption never can be a Lois to the Person possessed of an Interest which k daily diminishing.

Upon the Whole, your Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Purchase of Annuities for the Life of the Grantor, being generally intended as a Loan of Money, ought to be regulated accordingly.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 1 That £. 4 per Cent, is a sufficient Compensation for the

Rifle of a Life above 21 Years, and unaer 25 Years.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That £. 4^ per Cent, is a sufficient Compehfation for the Rilk of a Life above 25 Years, and under 30 Years.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That £. 5 per Cent, is a sufficient Compensation for the Rilk of a Life above 30 Years, and under 35 Years.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That £. 5^ per Cent, is a sufficient Compensation lor the Rilk of a Life above 35 Years, and under 40 Years.

Resolved, That, it is Ihe Opinion of this Committee,

That £.6 per Cent, is a sufficient Compensation lor the Rilk of a Life above 40 Years, and under 45 Years.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That per Cent, is a sufficient Compensation for the Rilk of a Life above 45 Years, and under 50 Years.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That to take any larger annual Sum than the legal Interest; of each £. 100 advanced in the Purchase of an Annuity for the Life of the Grantor, together with the Sums above specified, being the Values of the re-speeiive Rilks attending such Annuities, ought to be made Usury.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all Annuities for the Life of the Grantor, ought to be redeemable on Payment of the Sum advanced, with the Arrears of the Annuity to the Time of Payment.

Ri/olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Chairman be directed to move the House for Leave to bring in a Bill upon the said Resolutions.

The ill Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The 2d, 3d, 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th, and 8th Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were pollponed.

The 9th Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Mr. Bacon moved ihe House accordingly.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the Resolutions now agreed to, and on the Debate of the House on the said Report: And that Mr. Bacon, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Popham, Mr. NewnhMr. Ord, Mr. Jack/on, Mr. Macdonald, and the I/ird Advocate of Scotland, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the said Report and Resolutions be printed.

Mr. Stephens, from the Commissioners for executing Nary Debt: the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great,

presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of what Money has been issued, by the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the 14th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the Repeal of all former Acts concerning the Longitude at Sea, except " so much thereof as relates to the Appointment and " Authority of the Commissioners thereby constituted,

" and also such Clauses as relate to the constructing,

" printing, ppblishing, vending; and licensing, of " Nautical Aljnanacks, and other useful Tables; and for the more effectual Encouragement and Reward

of such Person and Persons as shall discover a Me- thod for finding the fame, or shall make useful Discoveries in Navigation, and for the better, making " Experiments relating thereto."

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

Nary

17 Geo. III.

1

13° Mail

| Navy Office, the 14th April 1777.

An ACCOUNT of what Money tjas been issued by the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, in purfganoe of an Act, passed in the 14th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the Repeal of all" " former Acts concerning the Longitude at Sea, exdept so much thereof as relates to the Appointment and " Authority of the Commissioners, thereby constituted, and also such Clauses as relate to the constructing, " printing, publishing, vending, dnd licensing, of Nautical Almanacks, and other useful Tables; and for " the more effectual Encouragement and Reward of such Person and Persons as shall discover a.Method " for finding the fame, or shall make useful Discoveries in Navigation, and for the better making Experiments relating thereto;" prepared pursuant to the Directions of the Right honourable the Lords Commis — sioners of the Admiralty, signified by Letter from Philip , Esquire, dated the 7th April 1777.

To whom, and upon what Account,

Dues of the Certificates from the Commissioners of the Lougitude to the Commissioners of the Navy, for Payment of the Money.

Times when the Bills were passed for the same by the Commissioners of the Navy.

To Mrs. Wales, Half a Year’s Allowance, to the 24th 1 Januarx) 1774 ---- 5

To D°, Half a Year more, to the 24th July 1774 )

To the Reverend Mr. Nevil Astronomer

Royal (by Way of Imprest) in Addition to what he has already had, to enable him to pay Persons to _ compute and compare Nautical Almanacks, or Astronomical Ephemeredes, for the Year 1777 and

*778.....: -; „

To Mr. Charles Mason, for his Trouble in constructing'1 the Remainder of the Tables of the Moon in Latitudes, reqnifite to complete his Improvements of Mai/er's Tables, and also a Comparison of the New Tables of the Moon, with 1,200 of Dr. s

Observations, both in Longitude and Latitude -To Mr. JJraelLyons, what remains to be paid him for' his Trouble and Kxpenees in going out in His Majesty’s Sloop the Race Horse, to make Nautical and Astronomical Observations during her late Voyage towards the North Pole, he having already received on that Account £. 100 from the Secretary to the Commissioners of the Loneitude -To the following Optical and Mathematical Instrument Makers, the Sums against each expressTed, for Instruments by them respectively supplied, for the Use of the said Mr. Lyons-,viz.

MelVrs. Nuirnc and Blunt - - £. 5 — t

Messrs. Dolbnd's - - - 100->

Mr. J. Bamjden- - - - 139 1 ~

To Mr. Larcum Kendal, of Furnival's Jim Court, 1 Watchmaker, for a new Watch Machine constructed I by him, for the Purpose of discovering the Lon- ( gitude at Sea - j

To Mr. William Bay ley, a further Imprest, on Account,) of making Nautical and Astronomical Observations / in the Southern Hemisphere )

To Mrs. Wales, Half a Year’s Allowance, to the 24th ?

Januan/177^ ---- J

To Mr. Will.Bayley, his Allowance, on Account of making Nautical and Astronomical Observations in the Southern Hemisphere, from the 25th January 1772 to the 31st July 1774, being 919 s.

Days, at £. 400 per Annum More to him, for the Extraordinary Trouble which he has been at in completing such of the Computations and Drawings as his daily Business onShip-board did not allow him to execute -

1,007

50.----

VOL. 36.

25 Jan. 1772

3 Dec. 1774

D°

D*

D*

3 Dec. 1774

D*

17 July 1774

2 August

20 Dec. 1774

Sums.

£- * 75 — 75 —

d-'

45° — r-f

D"

D*

ID-

20 Dec. 1

774

20 Jan. 1775 31st ID-

ioj ~ —

69 — 11

396 6 —

100 —

250

75

6 K

And

Hi.: i

494

And also, for his Expences for the Carriage, &c. of Instruments, to and from the Adventure Sloop, both in England and at The Cape of Good JJope

Abate what had been already advanced to him, by Way of Imprest -

Remains

12° Mali.

17 16 6

1,074

it it

500----

574 *8 11

To Mtx. Wales, Half a Year’s Allowance, to the 24th 1

*775 _.....J

To Mr. JeJfe Ramsden, in Reward for his Improvement in matting and completing an Engine for graduating Mathematical Instruments superior to any that had been before invented or made, £. 300. More to him - for aligning over the Property of the said Instrument to the Commissioners of the Longitude, and for instructing other Workmen to gradaate Instruments at certain Prices, 315. In both To Mr. Will. Wales, his Allowance, on Account of making Nautical and Agronomical Observations in the Southern Hemisphere, from the 25th Jamtanj 1772 to the 25th August 1775, being Three Years and 213 Days, at £ 400 per Annum -More for the extraordinary Trouble which he has been at since his Arrival in England, in completing such of his Computations and Drawings as his Business on Ship-board did not allow him to execute -And also, for his Expences for Carriage, fCc. of the Instruments at different Places -

*433

8 6

50----

*5

12

*>5°9 — 11

Whence deducing what had been ad--vanoed to him by Way of Imp rest,

/. 250 — —; and also what had been paid to his Wife, for the Support of herself and Family during his Absence £.525 — — la both - 775 — —

There remains - 734

— n

4 March 1775

28 03. 1775

28 03. 1775

To Mrs. Phoebe Lyon*, Widow of the late Mr. Israel' Lyons, as a Reward for some of her Husband’s Problems and Solutions, which have been given up by her since his Decease, and which the Commissioners of the Longitude intend to have printed and pub-Jished for the Benefit of Navigation ... To Mr William Bayley, by Way of Imprest, in Part of, send to be deducted from an Allowance of £.400 per . _Annum, which is to be made him for going out in his Majesty’s Sloop the Discovery (fitting for a Voyage to remote Parts) to make further Nautical and Astro- / nomical Observations, and to perform other Services tending to the Improvement of Geography and Navigation *, the said Allowance to commence on the ad March 1776 ....

To the Reverend Mr. Kevit Majkeiyne, Astronomer Royal, by Way of Imprest, in Addition to what he has already had, to enable him to pay Persons to compute and compare Nautical Almanacks, or Astronomical Ephemeredes, for the Years 1779 and

1780....

To Sir. William Riehardson, Printer, the Amount of 7 his Bill for printing several Things by Order of the I Commissioners of the Longitude, for the Use of the ( Public -

To Messrs. Nairne and Blunt, for New Instruments 1 supplied, and for cleaning and repairing others be- > longing to the said Commissioners - - -)

D*

2 March 1776

2 March 1776

Tr

1 March 1777

31 March 1775

2 Augut 1775

6 Nov. 1775

oNov. 1775

I>

26 April 1776

A. 1777.

574 *8 11

75----

615 —

734 —

ti

31 10 — -

200 —

26 April 1776

D*

24 March 1777

450 ~

76 a 6

129 19 —

495

17 Geo. III. 12° Matt.

To Mr. JcJfe Ramsden. , for now Instruments supplied, 1 and for cleaning and repairing others belonging to > the said Commissioners - - - - -' To Messrs. Wright, Gill, and C% for Paper supplied,) for printing Nautical Almanacks for the Year > D* D* 1

D* D* 60 18 — «

*775,) ,

1 £-4>&9* — 9 = " Ti jrUTi.i? ir

The Whole amounting to the Sum of Four thousand Fire hundred and Ninety-two Pounds and Nine Pence.

J. Williams. Geo. Marsh. T. Brett.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. ’

Kcv«mm« Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an of __ Account of the Revenues of Greenwich Hof pit al. with the Expenditure thereof, distingui filing the particular HeiptuL of Expence, for the laftThree Vears.

Jtamftmiy

loclosure.

Tq

exported

to

IcdancL

Nat.

Monkbrenon

lociofure.

Brampton In closure.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable ('.rounds, in the Tithings or Liberties of Ram Toum, Park Town, Whittonditch, Eaf ridge, and Bay don, within the Manor of Ramsbury, in the County of Wilts, was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pars: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Grounds, in the Tith-ings or Liberties of Ramsbury T<wn, Park Town, Whittonditch, Eafridge, and within the Manor

of Ramsbury, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Goddard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Customs on the Exportation of Tea to Ireland, was read the Third Time.

Refvlved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Customs on the Exportation of Tea to Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Purling do carry the Bill to the Lords, and detire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Charles Morris Klanert, was read a Second Time.

Refvlved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elzoes, Sir Henry Iloghton,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and

Mr. Montagu.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Mesne Inclosures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Township of Monkbrettom, otherwise Bnrten, in the

Parish of 11 o':ft one, in the West Hiding of the County of 1 ork, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Mea-

Vol. 36.

dows. Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Lincoln, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of in the County of Lincoln without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, Forest, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Fames field, in the County of Nottingham,

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Gateshead, in the County of Durham, to the Church Lane, near Ryfoh Lane Head, and from The Bar Moor to the Hexham Turnpike Road near Dilfion Bar, in the County of Northumberland; and also the Road from Mickley Bank to Lead Hill or Silver Hill', and for making a Road cross certain Grounds belonging to Crozier Surtees, Esquire, in the Parish of Ryton, in the County of Durham, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and certain Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Farm borough, otherwise Farnborottgh, iji the County of Berks, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, Commons, and other Commonable Lands, within the Township of and the Ham-

lets of Balkhtg and Woolf on, otherwise Woolverjton, and within the Hamlets of Kingston Life and Faider, in the County of Berks, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Pari Hies of Halum and Eding ley, in the County of Nottingham, without any Amendment: And also

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for widening, cleansing, and lighting, the several Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages, within the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford-, and for taking down, altering, or rebuilding, certain Buildings therein mentioned; and for removing all other Nnifances and Incroachments, and for regulating Carts and other Carriages within the said Town, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr.

Leadenham

Iucloiurc.

Farnrsfield

Inciosure.

Gateshead,

&c.

Hoad.

FarmWough

inclosure*

tJffngton

Inclosure.

Halnm and Edinaiejr 1 ncloiure.

Wolverhampton

Streets*

496

12° — 130 Mail.

A. 1777.

Afliton Mr. Goddard, according to Order, reported from the1

Indirfure Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing r' the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pafiures,; and other Commonable Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Afliton in the County of Wilts, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others; and also the Petition of the several Owners and Occupiers of very rich and valuable Meadow and Pasture Lands, lying within and adjoining to the several Parishes of Cricklade Saint Sampson's, Saint Mary's, The

Leigh, AshtonKeynes, and Oakfey, in the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petitions; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 148 Acres of Land, or thereabouts, in the Open Fields and Meadows intended to be inclosed, who lefufed to sign the Bill, or could not be met with; and that the Whole of the said Fields and Meadows contain 1312 Acres or thereabouts; and the Old In-dofures in the said Parish, intended to be exonerated from Tithes, contain 855 Acres 2 Roods and Perches, or thereabouts, of which the Proprietors of 68 Acres, or thereabouts, refused to sign the Bill, or could not be met with; and also except the Proprietors of Estates in the Parish of Minty, entitled to a Right of Intercommon upon a Part of the Moor called South Moor, and who are rated to the Land Tax at the Sum of £. 10. 7 s.per Annum, and who declared themselves neuter; and also the Proprietors of the like Estates, rated at £ 8. T4J. who declared themselves against the Bill; and also except the Proprietors of the like Estates rated at /. 3 x. 1 -js. who could not be met with; and that the Whole of the Estates in the said Parish of Minty, entitled to Right of Intercommon upon a Part of the said Moor called South Moor, are rated to the Land Tax at the Sum of £. 195. 6i\ 8 per An-mini) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Member And a Member returned upon a new Writ having tales Oaths, taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon this Day Three Months;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Totters for the Voas.^J';

Ordered, That the Taid-BiU be read flic Third Timel upon Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be

then ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read.

Resolved, That th is House will, Tomorrow Morn- Preservation ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better securing and pre- Dock Yards> serving the Dock Yards, Magazines, Ships, Vessels,

Stores, Warehouses, Goods, and Merchandizes, being the Property of private Persons, within the Kingdom of Grca ^Britain.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House Will, upon Wednesday Wav« W Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of Means, the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, of Importation the U'hole Iloule, to whom it was referred to consider of Currants, of the Eleventh Rule in the Book of Rates, so far &c‘ as the same relates to the making any Allowance upon the Importation of damaged Currants, Rai-fins. Figs, and Prunes, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

„ - . XT \ Sir Herbert Mackworth, 1 '

Tellers for the Noes, { Mr mitworth J44

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report be now read.

And the House being informed, that no Counsel attended;

The said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Martisy 130 die Maii;

Anno 17* Georgii IIP'1’ Regis, 1777.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the 2,ar\ Sake Common Fields, Common Meadow, Stintbd Paf- lndoitue. ture, and Commonable I^ands, within the Parish of Earl Stoke, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadow, Stinted Failure, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Stoke, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Oiven of Pembroke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the ipft0ne$ several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Inctoiuic. Manor and Parish of Ipjlones, in the County of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Ipjlones in the County of

Ordered, That Sir William Bagot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom Klanert’s the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nat. for naturalizing Charles Morris Klanert, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and if, that

17 Geo. III. 130

that the Committee had directed hirti to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he de-liiend the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Ji'efolced.That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. carry the Bill to the

7 »

Cords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Warwick Mr. Sh ip:cith reported from the Committee, to whom Gaol. the Bill for enlarging the public Gaol of the County of W ancick, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments, were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by, One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

iogrolTed.

Sm fleet Lord Brmvnlmv Bertie reported from the Committee,

Inclosure. ton horn the Bill for dividing and inclosingtbe Common Fen, Common Marsh, Common Fields, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Surjleef, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the ' House, of the 2',th of April 1774, relative to Bills of

Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 3 Common Rights, and Acres in the Common Fields, who refused to sign the Bill; and except the Proprietors of 6 Common Rights, and 21 Acres in the Common Fields, who consented to the Bill, but did not sign the fame; and that the whole Number of Common Rights are 113, and the whole Number of Acres in the Common Fields and Waste Grounds in the said Parish conlifts of 300, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Secoiyl Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Life Mr. Bacon presented to the House, according to

Arouities. Qr(jerj a ]$j|| to regulate Annuities for Lives: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

llefolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Dyers, tec. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming th^Tiwle adjourned Consideration of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to allow the Mailer Dyers and Callico Printers, within the Counties of Middlefci, EJJ'ex, Surrey, and Kent, to employ

Journeymen in their respective Trades who have not served Apprenticeships thereto, was committed, be uow read

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to V'ol. 36.

Mali. 497

the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, uporvthe Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom Charitable the Bill to oblige the Minister and Churchwardens, or* Donation* other proper Officers, in every Parish and Place within / that Part of Great Britain called England, to make Returns upon Oath of all Charitable Donations for the Benefit of poor Persons within such respective Parishes or Places; distinguishing, as far as may be, by whom, when, and in what Marnier, and for what Purposes given; likewise whether such respective Donations were in Land or Money, and in whom now veiled; and w'hat is the Annual Produce thereof respectively, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the "Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed

Resolved, That, the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Office* a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to _ *n

indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify "p y themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr- Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Indlco, kc, refol ve itfelfinto aCommittee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, relating to encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America; to the registering the Prices at which Corn is fold in the several Counties of Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and imported; to encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate; to the allowing Timber and Wood to be exported from the island of Dominica, into any other of the British ltlands, Colonies, or Plantations in America, and to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of Britj/i-madeCordage, he now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

6 L Mr.

ft

i3° Mali. A, 1777*

Pipiftt Willi and Deed*.

Bamflejr.

Inclosure*

St. James's Clerkenwell Pacing.

East India Affairs.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papills, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Moruing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, several Commons, Moors, or Waste Grounds and Open Common Fields, in the Township of ley, within the Parish of Silkston in the County of York.

was read the Third Time.

Refoked, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, several Commons, Moors, or Waste Grounds, and Open Common Fields, in the Township of within the Parish of Silkston, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Baker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Fourteenth. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for paving, repairing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within that Part of the Parish of Clerkenwell called Saint James's, and

" removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; for " widening the Passage from Clerkenwell Green to the " Parish Church; and for watching and lighting certain Highways within the said Parish for repairing the Highways in the said Parish, and cleansing the said Part of the said Parish; for widening the Passage from Clerkenwell Close to Street, and from

Rofoman Street to Saint John Street; and for building a Chapel in the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 44.1. 9. After " paved," to insert, " gravelled " or ballasted."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled," An Act for paving, repairing, lighting, and watch-" ing, the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, " within that Part of the Parish of Clerkemcell called " Saint James's, andremovingObftructions and Annoyauces therein; for widening the Passagefrom Clerken-" well Green to the Parish Church; and for watching and lighting certain Highways within the said Parish;" for repairing the Highways in the said Parish, and cleansing the said Part of the said Parish; for widening the Passage from Clerkenwell Close to Rofoman Street, and from Rofoman Street to Saint John Street; and for building a Chapel in the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Fenton do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Court of Directors for the Affairs of the East India Company, do lay before this House Copies of such Papers as have been printed by the said 16

Court, for the Information of the Proprietors of India Stock, relative to the Restoration of the King of Tanjore, the Arrest of the Right honourable George Lord Pi‘ *ot (a Member of this House) and the Removal of his Lordship from the Government of Fort Saint George, together with the Proceedings of the Court of Directors and of the General Court of Proprietors on this Subject; also Copies of all such Papery as have been read at any of the General Courts held on this Subject; together with a Paper, purporting to be a Declaration in the Name of the Nabob of Arcot, delivered to the Court of Directors by Esquire, dated nth February 1777; and a Letter from the Nabob of Arcot, dated 12th February 1776, to which the said Declaration refers; also a Copy of the Treaty of 1762, between the Nabob of Arcot and the King of Tanjore, to which the Company wasGuarantee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the Opinions of the Attorney General, Solicitor General, Mr. Dunning, Mr. and Mr.

Sayer, together with the same Hated to them, respecting the Powers claimed by Mr. Hajlings in- the Exercise of his Office as Governor-General of Bengal.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, in Westminster, to open a Street from the South End of Long Ditch to the North End of Smith Street, and to widen Part of Tothill, Street, and of Long Ditch aforesaid; and to widen the Passage between Orchard Street and the new intended Street; and also to widen Wood Street, and to make a more commodious Entrance from The Broad Sanctuary into Dean's Yard, within the City and Liberty of Wcjt-minster, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, Cow Pasture, or Shrub, Town Green, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Wcjion Colville, in the County of Cambridge, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Commonable Grounds within the Parish of Gilmortcm, in the County of Leicester, without any Amendment: And also, '

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Bleajby, in the County of Not thigh am; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Press 1.1. 18. Leave out " the Moll noble William " Henry Cavendish, Duke of Port-"land, claims to be entitled to, " and insert " whereas there is a Ma* " nor called."

Pr. 13. 1. 9. Leave out " said Duke " and insert " Lord," and in the same Line and Line 10, leave out Portland," and insert, " the Manor of G our ton."

1. 2 2. Leave out " Duke " and insert " Lord."

1. 23. Leave out " Portland," and insert " the " Manor of Gou

1. 27. Leave out " Duke, " and insert " Lord," and in the same Line leave

out

Weflnvnfter

Street*

Weflon

Cclviiie

Iiidofur*

Gilmomm

IncWurc*

Bletfby

Incioiuit.

i7 Geo. III. 13® — 140

49 9

out " Portland," and insert " the " Manor of Pr. 15.1. 12. Leave out " Duke of Portland*

I. 26. Leave out M said. "

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Lord Edward Bentinck do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Cltrgy The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Xefidence. a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to promote the Residence of the Parodiial Clergy, by making Provision for the more speedy and effectual building, rebuilding, repairing, or purebafing Houses, and other necessary Buildings and Tenements, for the Use of their Benences.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Jack/on took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Jack/on reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mariners The House, according to Order, resolved itself into ad a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the

*"n*n* better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and onboard Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Dock Yards, Magazines, Ships, Vessels, Stores, Ware-houses. Goods, and Merdiand ifes, being the Property of private Persons, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir James Laroche took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir James Laroche reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receivb the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom- Carrying ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Capture House, upon the Bill to authorize the carrying of the A""^can Captures therein mentioned into any Part of flisMa- Ponfc jesty’s Dominions in North America, by fqdh Licence and Warrant as is therein provided. «'

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of importation the whole House, to Whom it was referred to consider of of the Eleventh Rule in the Book of Rates, so far as Currant*, the same relates to the making any Allowance upon the Importation of damaged Currants, RaHins, Figs, and Prunes, be received upon Thuifduy Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 14* die Maii;

Anno 17* Georgii III*0 Regis, 1777.

Prayirs.

Account; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Duty on* Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duty GW». upon Glass for Ten Years, ending the 5th Day of July 1776; distingiiishing each Year.

Account; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Stamp Account of the additional Stamp Duties 1776, of One u,ie'* Shilling on Deeds, lAc. of One Halfpenny on News Papers, and of Sixpence and Two Shillings and Six Pence on Cards and Dice, respecti vely, from the 6th Day of July last to the 10th Day of May 1777.

African Ordered, That the Return from the Commissioners Settlement*, for Trade and Plantations, to the Honourable House of Commons, in consequence of the Address of the said House to His Majesty of the 29th Day of January last, relating to the generalSlate of the Trade the

Condition of the Forts and Settlements there belonging to the Company, and in what Manner the several Sums of Money granted by Parliament for maintaining and supporting the same have been applied; which was presented to the House upon the 30th Day of April last, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Return.

Pr:fcr»»tiwi Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Dock Yard*, upon the Bill for the better securing and preserving the Vot. 36.

R HERE D, That Leave be given so bring m a Mcettnj*

Bill for enlarging the Times appointed for the first of Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees for putting in Com^*£WM execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament: csrtuu^d*. And that Mr, Htnvard, and Sir He do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Rye the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ for Writ, the electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Rye, in the County of Sussex, in the room of Rose Fuller, Esquire, cfe-ceased.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the public Gaol of Warwick the County of Warwick; and for other Purposes therein Gaol,

mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the public Gaol of the County of IVanvick -, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Skipwith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Relief, Employ- Kenfingtoa ment. Regulation, and Government, of the Poor of Poor, the Parish of Saint Mary Abbotts, Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, and for building a Workhouse for the Reception of the said Poor; and alto for enabling the Trustees for the Time being of certain Charity Estates, belonging to the said Parish, to

grant

Chclcr

Navigation.

Melboarn

and.

Storthwaite

indofure.

500 140 Maii. ^.1777.

ganf. L?i fes thereof, and to manage and improve the fume, and apply the Rents and Profits thereof in the Manner therein mentioned) and for explaining and amending an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to impower " the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and " Veliry of the Parish of Kensington, in the County " of Middlesex, to make a Rate or Rates, for the Relief of the Poor, and the better repairing of the " Highways, and cleansing the Streets, within the said " Parish;" was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Sain Mary -

ton, in the County of Middlesex; and for ether Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Wilkes do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for varying and enlarging the Powers of An Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River within the Liber-tjes of the City of Chester, to or near and Nantwich, in the County of Chester, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 23.1. 9. To leave out " the said."

1.40. After " fame" to insert " and."

Pr. 26.I. 19. After " Aft" to insert " under any " Act of Parliament, Agreement, " or otherwise."

-. And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved., That the Bill do pals: And that the Title

be, An Act for varying and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to or near Middlewich and Nantwich, in the County of Chester.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilbraham Bootle do carry the Bill, to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Goodricke reported from the Committee, t whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Carrs, Ings, or Meadow Grounds, and Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Melbourn and Storthwaite, within the Manor of bourn with Storthwaite, in the Parish of Thornton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee ;(except the Owners of Estates within the said Town-ships, assessed to the Land Tax at £. 4. 1 is. 6d. per Annum, who were not applied to; and also except the Owners of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £. 1. is. 2d. per Annum, and the Trustees of a House entitled to Right of Common upon the said Commons, who declared themselves neuter; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed are assessed to the Land Tax at £.65. for. 6d. per Annum, and the whole Number of Common Right Houses and Frontsteads, are 71; and that no Person appeared before t he Commi t tee to opposethe Bill'and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and uuide several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Ameudments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir James Laroche, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better feeuring and preferring the Dock Yards, Magazines, Ships, Vessels, Stores, Warehouses, (joods, and Merchandizes, being the Property o private Persons, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be' ingrossed.

Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to serve in His Majesty’sShips of War and on board Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and af-' ter wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, arisen by the Duties granted by several Acts of Parliament, of the Fourth, Sixth, and Seventh Years of His Majesty’s Reign, which were directed to be raised in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, and to be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer separate and apart from all other Monies, and to bereferved for the Disposition of Parliament, towards the necessary Expences of defending, protecting, and feeuring, the British Colonies and Plantations in America.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Disposition of Parliament, arisen by the Duties on Rice exported, which was imported into this Kingdom, Duty-free; and of the Duties on Sugars, Cambricks, tec. granted by an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign; and also of the Duties on Apples; and of the Monies paid by the Counties which have not raised the Militia pursuant to an Act of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign; and of Imprest Money repaid there.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, relating to encouraging the making oflndico in the British Plantations in America; to the registering the Prices at which Cora is fold in the several Counties of Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and imported; to encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of

Oak

Preservation

of

Dock Yards.

Marinen

and

Seamen.

Account; American Duties.

Account; Monies remaining of certain Duties.

Indico,

17 Geo. III.

Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate; to the allowing Timber and Wood to be exported, from the Island of Dominica, into any other of the British Islands, Colonies, or Plantations in

America; and to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of Britifto-m&de. Cordage, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

5GI

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Morris, from Account; the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, -.

An Account of the Gross and Net Produoe of die Duty upon Glass, for Ten Years, ending the 5th Day of July 1776; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

14

Matt.

An ACCOUNT of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duty upon Glass, for Ten Years, ending the 5th

Day of July 1776; distinguishing each Year.

from 5 j'liy From 5 July From 5 July From 5 July From 5 July From 5 July From 5 July From 5 July From 5 July

1766 to 5th

1767 to 5

1768 to 5 1760 to 5

1770 to 5

1771 to 5

1772 to 5

*773 5

*774 to 5 1775 t(> 5

July 1767 July 1768 July 1769 July 1770 July 1771 July 1772 July 1773 July 1774

July *775 July 1776

Gross Produce. Net Produce. P -

£ s- £. s.

- 68,776 2 6^ 60,632 16 8£

- 92>-4a3 8 7 66,914 15 — }

- 89,oo^ 1 — 65,136 14 9

- 85>265 — 3 62,572 19 n|

- 84>555 *3 — 18 3*

- 93,092 19 6 64,128 2 if

89,580 ID 6 62,904 5 io£

- 88>734 n 5i 6ij532 *3 7r

- 89,108 19 4^ 61,005 17 7$

90,126 17 — 65,276 4 io£

Excise Office, London,

14th May 1777.

John Morris, Accomptant General.

J.Windham % D. Papillon, Geo. L. Scott, A. Lucas,

W. Lowndes, W. Burrell, St. Brookjbank, H.Legge,

Way* Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the and Meant. Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Account; The House being informed that Mr. Lloyd from the StampDuties. Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by Stamps, attended at the Door; he was called in $ and.

at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " Amount of the additional " Stamp Duties, 1776, on Deeds, Sc. on Cards and Dice, and News Papers; distinguishing each Duty." And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

The said Paper is as followeth; viz.

Vo u 36.

5 M

Ways and Means.

Accounts; Monies remaining of certain Duties.

0'

50a

4* 'Mail.

A. 177^.

* J ' . ’ . 1 »i r - Jr . "f' . T > . r , »4 r ’ . ,! .! .

AMOUNT' of the additional Stamp-Duties, '^776;'6f One ShiHing-^en Deeds/IBfoi of Six Pehoe.-and* of Two Shillings and Six Pence on Cards and Dice, and of One Halfpenny on News Papers, from 6th July last to 10th-Way 1777.

i. - . ✓ % j .*

' ' 1 n '

Stamps issued at the Head Office for Ready Money.

From 6th July

1776> to xoth May

'lll-

is. 6 d. 4

Deeds, SCc. Cards. Dice. NewsPapers.

14,709 11 — 6,921 8 — 411 12 6 24,761 16 4

Stamps sent to the Distributors for Supply of the Country. \s/ " "6xC 6d. 1 r

Deeds, Be. Cards. Dice. Scotch News Papers.

34,465 4 — 1,010 8 4

Total Amount. 46,804 8 10

'.'\r / -ft Total Amount. 35>475 12 4

Stamp Office, J. , pro

May 14th, f777-

/-z. -"*

Ordered, That the said Paper, be referred to the jCommittee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Hodfe being informed that Mr. Wilford, from 'the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was caHed In; and, at Hhe liar, presented to the House, pursuant to tfieit Orders,; 0 -

An AtJcodnt! of the Monies remaining in the Receipt 'of the Exchequer, arlfen by the Duties granted -by 'feVehd Acts of parliament, (if the Fourth, Sixth, and Seventh Years! of His Majesty’si Reign, which were dirked 10 bb ifaised in the' Colonies and Plantations in America, and to be paid into the Receipt of 'His Majesty’s T^cliequer/ fepaFate and apart from all other Monies, and to be reserved for the Disposition of

Parliament, towards the necessary Expences of defending, protesting, and securing, the Colonies and

Plantations in America: And also.

An Account of the Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Disposition of -Farliamfent, ariseu by the Dntfes oh Ricd'exported, Which was-imported into this Kingdom Duty-free; and of th£"Duties on Sugars, Cambricks, STc/gra'nled by an’ Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Rbi^W; *and also of the Duties on Apples; and " of the Monies paid by the Counties Wvhich have hot t hi fed the Militia, pursuant to-ah A<Tt'6fthe Ninth "Yeaf of HiCjirefent Majesty’s Reign j 'and'of Imprell Money repaid there. And then be withdrew.' - < .

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

V.. V ! .

.- - . ~ . V.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

" ‘ ‘ .

An A CC O U NT of-the" Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, arisen by the Duties granted by several Acts of Parliament, of the Fourth, Sixth, and Seventh Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, which were directed to be raised in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, and to be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, separate and apait from all other Monies, and to be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, towards the necessary Expences of defending, protecting, and securing, the Colonies and

Plantations in America.

-A

C ..... It.

Rum and Sugars, since Michasknas 1764 -Molasses, &c. since 4ft November, 17^6- /-

Paper, Glass, Tea, Be. since 20th November 1767

£ * 1,046 19 4

1 % \6 9 174 4 6

£. 1,391 — 7

E. Wilford.

Exchequer, the 14th Day of May 1777.

To

Wavt

Means.

Offers ar d Employ menu.

SuriKter, Small Debts.

ifOfid. III. M563

. ':<r r",rrv:-'r.j. j:r I.-

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament afietnbled.

" e -

1 ’ r ’ *» % *» '-< f - ' > ' ' " ' 1 *1 <7 )! , if f ' f

An -ACCOUNT of theiMqnigs remaining in4fre»Jjtecgipf> of the Exchequer, for the Uiipofitkinjqf. I|anU^-raenty arisett by, tbg, Duties on Rice exported, .-which was imported into this Kingdom Duty-free; and of, Duties on Sugars, Camboicks, Sic.granted, by mi A & of the Sixth Year- of His prefect Majp%(’s)R«rig*»; \Qjid

iMb of the Duties On-Apples;- and of the Monies paid by the:Counties which have not jraised tha Militia, pursuant to an Act of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign; and of Imprest Money repaid there.

v

S

lilitia. Money, per Act 9* GH .3'" R1 Duties on Itice imported Ihity-free ——

Duties on Sugars and Cambricks, 6* Ga 3*" R* -

Duty on Appies-imported «r > . -e. \- - - - - . - -

Imprest Money repaid by William Wi atfon, M. D. and Thomas , Esquire

& d-

150 ——

- 1,468 8

663 10 13 15 — - 1,624 — 2

» 1 r

£$>9*9 *3-7

Exchequer the 14 th Day of May 177 7.

E. Wilford.

' Ordered, Thtw the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of 'the whole House, to wham ife is-tef rred taconsider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

1 1 /. - /. 1 . - - -nv. :'!»/ -i

Sir Charles Whitworth, -according- to Order; reported Jront! the* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to'indemnify such Persons asdiave omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments^and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to regitier or deliver in t-ic:r Qualifications, within the'1 ime limited by Law; and'fer.gtving-further Time for those Purposes; mid to indemnify Members end Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns whole Adinitfions have i»een omitted- to be stamped according to-I-aw^ or\ having been stumped, have been loft of mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide A ’millions duly damped; and to gwe. l'ur-th-r Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the t xecut ion of Indentures nf Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, was committed, thd Amendments which the Committee had -made to the Bill; and which they had dirreted him to report to the -House; tand lie; rend the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s 'Table; Where the Amendments -were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by -One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed-to by‘the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroll’ed.

An ingrafted Bill for the more eafv and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, witlnn the several Parishes of Surfleet, Gosberton. khtadring.DottingtOn^Bicher± .9unne-

Jhrad, Wlgtoft, S A ter ton, 'Algarkirk, Fosdike,

Front pton, Wibertmi, and Brofhe; witlnn the Hundred of Kirton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln,' mm rtead the Third lime;' *' -'t-

Rt johcd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,' An Act fortlie more ealy and'spefedy ReebvfAv of ‘ Small T)'. i)fs,- within 'she several'Partfhe^of Godnrton, 'dttadriirg, DoningtoBicker, H igt'Jf, Su'-.rtun, Algarkirk, Fof dike, Kirton, Yol. 36.

ton, Wiherton and Brothertoft, within the Hundred of Kirton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln. ' ....

Ordered, That Lord Broronloro do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Jackson, according tOi Order,* reported frormthg Clergy Committee of the whole House, to whom the BiH Residence. to promote the Residebce of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more fneedy-and effectual building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing, Houses,

and other necessary Buildings and Tenements; for the Use of their benifices, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee liad made to the -Bril; and which they had directed him to- report to the House;

Wftd- he read -the Report- in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the -Amendments;- in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, wOre agreedcto by the Houf‘e. - * .

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That there be laid before thisTIoufg, an Revenue Estimate of the Revenue and Expence of Greenwich of Hospital, for the Year 1777. °!WpS.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House w:tvs to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and'M-.ans. toconsider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated the 5th Day of

April 1776, be referred to the said Committee,

Ordered, That Surpluft’es, stated the ioth Day of

October 1776, be referred to the said. Committee.

Ordered, That the-Account, hewing how the Mo*

-mey given for the-Service of the ’Year 1776, has been dil’posed of, distinguished under the-fevefra) Heads, un--.to the 18th-Day of April \777, and the Parts remaining Unfat isfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of Accounts of Sales of

Lands

504

i4^-5

Mali.

4 I7

the Chair of the Com- Prayers.

Lands in the Ceded Hands, transmitted by the Commissioners appointed for such Sales, the ift of July

1765 (which was presented to the House upon the 24th Day of March 1766) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Sales of Lands in the Hands of Dominica, Tobago, and Saint Vincent, in

1766 (which was presented to the House upon the ioth Day of April 1767) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Sales of Lands in the-Ceded Hands in 1767, transmitted by the Commissioners appointed for such Sales the 18th Day of July

1767 (which was presented to the House upon the 5th Day of February 1768) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the General Account of Sales of His Majesty’s Lands in the Southern Caribbee Hands, in the Years 1765, 1766, 1767, 1768, and 1769 (which was presented to the House upon the xoth Day of April 1770) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of French Prizes taken before the Declaration of War (which was presented to the House upon the 7th Day of March 1764) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Sales of Lands " in Dominica, 9th April 1770" (which was presented to the House upon the 16th Day 1772, be re-

ferred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took mittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Ordered, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty several Rates and Duties " payable by all Persons and Bodies Politic or Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Commit! e. That they do consider of the said Act.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they bad come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the clandestine Unlhipping from, and receiving Goods at Sea on board, Vessels Employed in the East India Company’s Service; for ascertaining the Manner of discharging Bonds, given for the due Exportation of certain Goods, from Great Britain, to foreign Parts; and to oblige the Matters of or Irish

Ships, failing from any of His Majesty’s Dominions, into the Baltic, to deliver a Manifeli of their Cargoes to the British Consul residing the re: ‘And that Sir Grey Cooper and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House. adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 15^ Hie Maii 1

Anno 170 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1777.

East India and Baltic Trade.

Suppfy.

f\RD ERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War. rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of CaJlle Ri/big, in the County of Norfolk, in the room of the honourable Charles Finch, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Company be permitted to present printed Copies of such of the Papers ordered to be laid before this House on Tuesday last, as may have been printed; the said printed Copies having been First duly compared with the Originals, and authenticated by the proper Officer to be true Copies.

Mr. Howard presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Times appointed for

CustleRifipf

Writ.

East India Compaay

allowed to prefear prin* ted Copies of cerriia Papers.

Meeting

the First Meetings of Cominiiiioi:.

or Trustees for

putting in execution certain Acts of this Session of certain A&. Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill to allow the Master Dyers and Cal-lico Printers, within the Counties of Efjix,

Surrey, and Kent, to employ Journeymen in their respefctive Trades, who have not served Apprenticeships thereto, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to allow the Master Dyers, within the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, and Kent, to employ Journeymen, in their Trades, who have not served Apprenticeships thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Ilarley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord//yde prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill to repeal an Act, made in the Twelfth

Year

D.ers, &c. rcgu’atinr their Trade.

Rolb’

Estate.

17 Geo. III.

if Maiu

505

Westmorehod

Gaol and Shire-Hall.

Year of the Reign of King Chartei the Second, inti- tilled, " The Mailer of the Rolls impowered to make " Leases for Years, in order to new-build the old " Moufes belonging to the Rolls;" and for the better nrgulating the Method of granting Leases of the said Rolls 1-slate for the future: And the same was re* ccived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Janu s Ixrwther reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for defraying the Expence of building

Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Mcars in

the County of Northampton without any Amendment: And also.

The I>ords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing Corf ton Wood, other wise *

veton Wood, or Common, within the Manor of otherwise Corveton, and Parish of Diddlebury, in the County of Salop; and for making a Boundary or Ring Fence against a certain Open and Unindofed Ground

Corftoa

Wood

Inclosure.

a new Goal ami Shire-Hall for the County of Wefimore* in the Manor of Corpham, within the same Parish; land, was committed; 1'hat the Committee had exa- without any Amendment: And also, <*

mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to be true; and that the Committee had gone through for dividing, allotting, and inqlosing, the Open Fields, the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, Common Pastures, and Moor, or Common, in the

which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s 'fable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by

Parish of Bulmer, in the North Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other

Bulmer

Inclosure,

scanilbury

Inclosure,

f pit one*

Inclosure.

One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. Commonable Grounds, in the Tithings or Liberties of

Ramsbury Town, Park Town, Whittonditch, and Baydon, within the Manor of in the County of Wiltswithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Manors of llordley, Stanwardine in the Wood, Lulling*

were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Lames and Mr.

Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

Tl ie Ixntls have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

fur dividing and inclosing the several Commons and and Stanwardine in the Fields, or fbme of them,

Prormflbrr Nous, Ate.

Annuities.

Tea

exported

to

Ireland.

Breveuting Abides in

Tea*

Rrhow’j

fcluie.

Til y Cafn Ferry Road.

Bafchurch

Inclosure*

in the County of Salopwithout any Amendment And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to revive and continue such Part of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of " Wheat and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Coionics in America, and to the Hland of'Saint,

" and to the other Settlements belonging to the United " Company of Merchants of England trading to The " East Indies; and of Biscuit and Pease to -

" land. Nova Scotia, and for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising " or carrying into execution His Majesty’s Orders of " Council already made, for allowing the Exportation of Wheat and Other Articles," as expired on the First Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers Withdrew. '

Mr. Greville reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled'Estates of Sir William Hamilton and Dame Catherine his Wife, in Trustees, deceased; without atTy to sell or exchange the fame; and for laying out the

Money to arise by Sale thereof, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass. „

Ordered, That Mr. Greville do carry the Bill to the

Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of lp~ fonei, in the County of Stafford; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part o (Great Britain called England;

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for registering the Grants of Life Annuities, and for the better Protection of Infants against such Grants j without any Amendment: And also,

Tlio I-ards have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing a Draw back of the Duties of Customs, on the Exportation of Tea to Ireland; without any Amendment: And also,

.: 'l'he Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Prevention of the manufacturing of Alii, Elder, Sloe, and other Leaves, in Imitation of Tea; and to prevent Frauds in the Revenue of Excise, in respect toTea; without any Amendment: And also,

'Die Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Isaac Martin Rebow, Esquire, to take and use the Surname of Martin, pursuant to the Will of Matthew Martin, Esquire,

Amendment: And also,

'Die Lords have agreed to tfic Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the " Read leading from Tal y Cafn Ferry, in the County

" of Caei nanon, and through the Towns of Comcay,

" Bangor, and Caernarvon, to the Town of Pivllhely,

*.* in the same County;" and also for repairing and widening the Roads from Tal y Cafn Ferry aforesaid,

011 the DcnbighshireSide of the River Comcay, to join

the Turnpike Road between Conway and Saint Asaph, at a Place ealied Samy Myncch, and from the Turnpike Road between Bangor and Conway, at the Village Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed

Exportation of Wheat, &c.

Hamilton’s

Estate.

Mean A(hb v intlofare.

f Acer, over Bwli'h y DdwyfaeMountain, to Tal y ('ft Ferry aforesaid, and from thence to the Town of flanrwji, in the County of Denbigh; without any Amendment: And also,

The; Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing,* allotting, and inclosing, the.Open and Vol.

to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to oblige the Minister and Churchwardens, or other proper Officers, in every Parish and Place within that Part of Great Britain called England, to make 6 N Returns

Charitable

Donation*.

Maii. 1777.

Focr

Returns.

Upturns upon Oath of all Charitable Dana! ions for the Benefit of Poor Persons within fitch respect i v® Parishss or Places; distinguishing, as far as may be, by whom, when, and in what Manner, and for what Purposes, given; like wile whether such respect ive Donations were in Land or Money, and in whom now vested, and what is the Annual Produce thereof respectively, was recommitted; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; mid afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, Ope by One; and, upon the Question feversrijy put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Rill, with the Amendments, be

in graded.

Mr. Griberi reported from the Committee, who were appointed tp itjfpeft and consider the Returns made by the Overseer$ of the Poof, in pursuance of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act <pr obliging the Overseere of the Poor, within m. the several Parishes and Places within that Part of " Great Britain called England, to make Returns, '* upon Oath, to certain Questions specified in the Act " relative to the State of their Poor \ and to anthoV'ze god require the Justices of the Peace, within " their respect ive Divisions and Jurisdictians, in the " several Counties and Cities in England and , " to take fitch Returns upon Oath, and to cause them " to he trgnsmitted to the Clerk of the Parliaments;" and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House; That the Committed had inspected and considered the ia>d Returns accordingly, and had caused Abilrafts to be made thereof; and had come to a Resolution, which they had dir-efted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the kune, together with the said Abilrafts, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read; and the Resolution of the Committee is as followeth;

Uqfphveth, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the better Information of the Legislature-with respect to the Returns made by the Oversee ns of the Poor* punfuant to an Aftpafled in the 16th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for " obliging Uie Overseers of the Poor, within the several Parishfs and Places within that Part of Britain

" called England, to make Returns, upon Oath, to " certain Quell ions specified' in the Act relative to the " State of their Poor; and to authorize and require " the dustices at the Peace, within their respective " Divisions and JurilUt&ions, in the several Counties " and Cities in England and Wales, to take such Returns upon Oath, and to cause them to be tranCm>feed to the Clerk- of the Parliaments," the Ab-strafts made of the said Returns, by Order of this Committee, ought to be printed.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Abfirafts be printed as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of both House* of Parliament.

Ar. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Year; as alfe an Account of the Number of Negroes exported from the said Province during the said Period, distinguHhwg each Year.

The Bill (now ingrafted) for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Grounds, in the Manor and Parish , in the County of Wilts, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, That nothing therein contained shall extend but to Lands within, and Part of, the Manor and Parish of Ashton Keynes.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas Mp'

1 «Hers lor the \ eas^ Mp:

II%.

Tellers for the Noes $ ^r* Herbert, i

1 ellers Tor the i\oes, Mr james Grenville: $ 37-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Ashton Keynes, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mp. Goddard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill* to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papilla; and for Relief of Protestank Purchasers.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitioorth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received: Tomorrow Morning.

Aftjton

Keynes

lociosure.

Marl nm.

and

Seamen

Pa pi fit Deeds ani Wills.

African Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a State Settlement*, of the Forta, Orduaaoe, Military Stores* and Military Forces, in the Province of as also the

Expence, of fopporting, His Majesty’s Government, and the Forts, Ordnance, Stores, and Forces, together with all the extra and contingent Charges relative to the lame, from, the ill of January 1767, to the ill of January 1776.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Species, Quantity, and Value, of all the Commodities exported from the Province of

gambia, from the ill of January 1767, to the ift of January 1776, distinguicting each Commodity and each.

16

An ingrafted BiH> for lighting and watching the Mile End Hamlet of Mile End Old Town, in the Parish of Njgbjf

Dunstan Stepney, ©therwife Stebonheath, in the County "atc"*

of Middlesex, was read the Third Time.

Rejelved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for establishing a Nightly Watch within the Hamlet of Mile End Old 7'own, in the Parish Dun/tan. Stepney, otherwise Stebonheath, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Gascoyne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported

from

Way* and

MW*’

17 Geo. III. 150 Mail.

from the Committee of the whole Hbtife, to whom it was referred to consider further of Wbys and Means fbt* raising tlir Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; fmd afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where thfe same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of £. 5,000,000 be raised by Annuities, and the

further Sum of £.500,000 by a Lottery, in Manner following; that is to say,

That every Contributor towards raising the said £. 5,000,000 shall, for every £. 100 contributed and paid, be entitled to an Annuity of 4, to contiriu# for a certain Term of Ten Years, to commence from the 5th Day of April 1777, subject to Redemption by Parliament after the Expiration of that Term, and not sooner; and also be entitled, in respect of every such £. 100 so contributed, to a farther Annuity of 10s. to continue for a certain Term of Ten Years, from the said f.th Day of April 1777, and then to cease; the said Annuity of £. 4 and of ioj. in respect of each £. 100 contributed, to be charged noon the Sinking Fund, and to be payable and transferable at the Bank of England, and paid Half Yearly, on the 10th Day of October and the 5th Day of April, in every Year;

That every such Contributor fliafl, upon Payment of the further Sum of £.iq (in Addition to each £. 100 contributed for Annuities as aforesaid) be entitled to a Ticket in a Lottery to Cdnfift of 50,000 Tickets, amounting to £. 500,000, the same to be distributed into Prizes, for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the fortunate Tickets in the said Lottery, which shall be paid in Money, at the Bank of , to such Pro-

prietors, upon Demand, As f6<m after the ift Day of March 1778 as Certificates can be prepared, without any Deductiort whatsoever:

That every'Contributor Avail, on or before the 23d Day of this Instant May, make a Deposit of £. 15 per Centum, On such Sum as he or she Avail choose to subscribe towards raising the said Sam of £. 5,000,000, with the ChiefCaftlier 6rCaihiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; and also a Deposit of £. 15 per Centum with the said Cashier or CashierS in Part of the Monies to be contributed1 towards raising the said Sum of £500,000 by a Lottery, as a Security

fur making the future Payments respectively, on or before the Days or Times herein after limited: that is-to say.

On £. 5,000,000, to be raised by Annuities,

£. 15 per Centum on or before the 30th Day of June next.

£. 15 per Centum on or before the 29th Day of Juh/ next.

£. 20 per Centum on or before the 5th Day of September next.

£. 15 per Centum on or before the 29ft! Day of October next.

£. 10 per Centum on or before the ift Day of December next.

On the Lottery for £. 500,000,

£.25 per Centum on or before the 10th Day of next.

£. 30 per Centum on or before the 28th Day of next.

£. 30 per Centum on or before the 7th Day of

next.

That all the Monies, so to be received by the said4 Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, to be applied from Time to Time to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament.

That every Contributor who shall pay in the Whole of his or her Contribution Money towards the Sum of " VOL. 36.

£. 5,ottb, tfott, W feohtribdted for Annuities As aforesaid, at any Time before the iyth Day of October next, or oil account of his Or her Share in the said Lottery, dh or beforti this 27th Day Of August hext, shall be allowed an- Interest, by way of Discount, after the Rate of £. 3 per Centufh pelt AhnuWi, on the Sum so eoin-pleting his or her ContHbution reflectively, to bd computed from the Day of completing the fatVife to the ift Day of December hext, in regard to the Sum to be paid for the said Annuities, and to the 7th Day of October next, in respect of the Sum to be paid On account of the said Lottery; and that all stich Persons ai shall make their full Payments on the said Lottfefy shall hare their Tickets delivered as soon as they Can conveniently be made oiit.

Rejolwd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 'f hat, towards raising the Supply grarited to His Majesty, thei e be issued and applied the Sum of One mill ion Nine hundred Thirty-nine thousand Six hundred Thirty-fui Pounds Five Shillings and Nine Pence Three Farthings, ofclt of such Monies as shall or may arise of fheSurplufes, Excesse's, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund, comfnonly called The Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion Of this Committee, That, towards raising the Stipply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of One million Five hundred thousand. Pounds be raised, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and such Exchequer Bills, if npf discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or' before tti& 5th Day of April 1778, to' be exchanged and deceived ’ in Payment in such Manner as Exchequer Bills' have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion 6f this1 Committee, That, towards making good the'Supply granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Three thousand Nine hundred and Nineteen PoiYhds Thirteen Shifting# and Seven Pence, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Monies arisen by the Duties on Rice exported, the Duties on' Apples imported, and Oft Cambrics and Sugars, granted by an Act of the Sixth Year of His present MajestyVReign, the Mbrties paid by the' Receivers General of the feVe'raT Counties which have not raised the MifitiA, and also of such Imprest Monies' as remain there for the Difoofition of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is1 the' Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One thousand Three hundred and Ninety-one Pounds And Seven Pehce, out 6f such Monies remAining in the Receipt of the Exchequer a have arisen by the D'rities and ReV'enries which have been directed to be refer ved for the’ Dispofilion of Parliament, towards defraying the necessary EjtpenCes of defending, protecting, arid fecUring, the British Colonies and Plan tat ioris in Aifierka, be applied towards' making good such Part of the'Supply as hath beeiL granted to His Majesty for maintaining His MajestyV Forces and Gatrifons in the Plantations, and' for Pro-' vllions for the Forces in North America, Nocti Scotia?, Newjoundland, and the Ceded Islands, for the YoaT

Rejoiced", That it is the Opinion'of this Committee; That such of the Monies as shall be paid' into the Re-" ceipt of the Exchequer, after the 5th Day' of April 1777, and on or before the'5th Day of April jy 78, of the Produce of the Duties charged by Two Acts, mad&' in the Fifth and Fourteenth Years of His present'Majesty's Reign, upon the Importation and Exportdtio, of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, be applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty'.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committ^ That, towards raising the Supply granted' to His Ma-‘ jetty, there be charged, raised, levied, and' paid*,' to‘ His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and up'pq-every Male Servant within thelCirigdom of Great tain, the Yearly Sum of Twenty-one Shillings, to be paid by the Matter or Mistress of every- such Servant".;

except

£08 J50

except those Servants who shall be retained or -em-"* ployed solely for the Purposes of Husbandry or Manufactures, or of any Trade or Calling, by which the Mailer or Miilrefs of such. Servants earn a Livelihood or Profit.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties charged by an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, upon Glass imported, and upon the Materials or Metal used in making the several Sorts of Glass granted by the said Act, do cease, determine, and be no longer paid, from and after the 5th Pay of July 1777.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of July, there be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Enamel, Stained, and Paste Glass, and upon all Window Glass, whether flashed or spread, or otherwise manufactured, and upon all Cakes which shall be imported and brought into Great Britain, the Sum of One Shilling and Four Pence for every Pound Weight, and after that Rate for a greater or less Quantity; and for and upon all Bottles and Flasks, whether the same be filled or empty, which will contain the Quantity of a Quart respectively, which shall be imported and brought into Great Britain, the Sum of Four Shillings Tor every Dozen; and for* and upon all Bottles and Flasks, whether the same be filled or empty, which will ,contain more or less than a Quart, which shall be imported or brought as aforesaid, the Sum of Four Shillings for every Dozen, be the Quantity of Bottles greater or lesser.

Resolved, -That it is the Opinion of this Committee, T^at from and after the said Fifth Day of July, there Be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the yfe of His. Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all the Materials or Metal, or other Preparations whatsoever, by what Name soever they now are or hereafter may be called or known, that shall hereafter be made, use of in the making of all Plate or Flint Glass, and of all Enamel, Stained, or Paste Glass, and of all Phial Glass, pommonly called or known by the Namfe of Apothecary, or other Phials, the Sum of Eighteen Shillings and Eight Pence for- every Hundred Weight, and after that Rate for a greater-or lesser Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of.t.his Committee, That from and after the said- Fifth Day of July, there be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for and upon all the Materials or Metal, or other Preparations whalfogver, by what Name soever they now are or hereafter may.be called or known, that shall hereafter be made use of, in the making of Spread Window Glafe, commonly called or known by the Name of Broad Glass, a Duty of Seven Shillings for every Hundred Weight, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of July, -there be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for wnd upon all the Materials or Metal, or other Preparations whatsoever, by what Name soever they now are or hereafter may be called or known, that shall hereafter be made use of in the making of all other Window G/afs j(not being Spread Glass) whether flathed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known by the Name of Crown Glass, the Sum of Fourteen Shil-sing8 for every Hundred Weight, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

'Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of July, there be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the tJfc of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for and

Mail. A. 1777*

upon all the Materials or Metal, or other Preparations whatsoever, by what Name soever they now are or hereafter may be called or known, that shall hereafter be made use oft in the making of Glass, called German Sheet G4afs, the Sum of Fourteen Shillings for every Hundred Weight, and after that Rate for-a greater or lesser Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of July, there be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of His Majesty," his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all the Materials or Metal, or other Preparations whatsoever, by what. Name soever they now are or hereafter may be called or known, that shall hereafter he made use of, in the making of common Bottles (the same not being Phials) and of Vessels made Use of in Chemical Laboratories, and of Garden Glasses, and of all other Vessels or Utensils made of Common Bottle Metal, the Sum of Three Shillings and Six Pence for every Hundred Weight, and alter that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

llej'olved. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Stamp Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, in Great Britain, any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed save and except Policies of Inliiranoe) for which a Stamp Duty of One Shilling.is/payable by virtue of an Act made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, over and above the several Duties now payable thereon. . '. - ‘

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Stump Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment,' or . Sheet , or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Conveyance, Surrender of Grants or Offices, Release, or other Deed whatsoever, which shall be inrolled of Record in any of the Courts; or in any

other Court of Record whatsoever, . or by any Culios Rot ulorum, or Clerk of the Peace.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Stamp Duty of Five Shillings be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, in Great Britain, any Policy of Insurance, whereby the Property of One or more Persons in Houses and Goods, or both, shall be insured to a greater Amount in the Whole than One thousand Pounds, over and above the several Duties now payable thereon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Stamp Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Surrender of, or Admittance to, any Copyhold Laud or Tenement, within those Parts of Great Britain culled

England, If ales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or any Grant or Lease by Copy of Court Roll, or any other Copy, of any Honour pr Manor within the said Parts of Great Britain, other than and except the original Surrender to the Use of a Will, and the Court Roll or Books wherein the Proceedings of the Court are entered or inrolled, over and above the Duty now payable thereon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Stamp Duty of Four Shillings and Sixpence be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of .-Paper,.upon winch shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Copy of any Surr render of, and Admittance to, any Custom Right, or Tenant Right Estate, not being Copyhold, which shall pass by Surrender and Admittance, or by Admittance only, and which shall not pass by D(eed, within those

Parts

Way* and Mean*.

17 Geo. III.

15° Mail.

509

Parts of Great Britain called And the

Tow n of Berwick upon Tweed.

Re/o/red, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Stamp Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which Hull be ingrossed, written, or printed, any principal or original Instrument of Surrender or Resignation of any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or heritable Rights, to be made to any of His Majesty’s Subjects, who are or shall be Superiors thereof, or to any City, Town, Borough, or Corporation, or to any Magistrates, or others, who have Power to receive such Surrenders or Resignal ions, in Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Stamp Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, or written, or printed, any principal or original Instrument of Surrender or Resignation, Service or Cognitiou of Heirs, Charter, or Sailine of any Houses, l^inds. Tenements, or Hereditaments, holding Burgage, or of Burgage Tenure, in Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Stamp Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any principal or original Retour of any Service of Heirs, or any Precept of Clare Conjlat of Lands or Tenements, holding of any Subject as aforesaid, in Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Stamp Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written; or printed, any Charter, or Resignation, Confirmation, Novo damus, or Charter upon Apprising or Adjudication made or granted by such Superior or others as aforesaid, in Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Stamp Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any principal or original Sailine taken, or following, upon any Mortgage, Wadset, Heritable Bond, Alienation) or Disposition, or upon any Clare Constat, Retour, Ap-prifings or Adjudications of Lands or renements, holding of any Subject as aforesaid, in Scotland.

Re/oked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person exercising the Trade or Business of an Auctioneer, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, shall yield and pay annually, to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for a Licence to use and exercise the said Trade and Business, the Sum of Twenty Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person exercising the Trade or Business of an Auctioneer, without the Cities of London and

minster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, shall yield and pay annually, to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for a Licence to use and ex-era'fe the find Trade and Business, the Sum of Five Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be raised, levied, colltCled, and paid, to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Sum of Three Pence for every Twenty . Shillings of- the Purchase Money arising by Sale at Auction, of any Interest, in Possession or Reversion, in any Freehold, Copyhold, or Leasehold Lands, Tenements, or Houses, and of any Annuities or Sums of Money charged thereon, and of any Utensils in Husbandry and Fanning Stock, Ships arid Vessels, and.of any Reversionary Interest in the PubHC Funds.

Vo i.3 6.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion o this Committee)

That there be raised, levied, collected, and paid) to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Sum of Six Pence for every Twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money arising by Sale at Auction of all Furniture, Fixtures, Plate, Jewels, Pictures,

Books, Horses, arid Carriages, and all other Goods and Chattels whatsoever.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House*

The House Was moved) That the 16th, 17th, and Supply*

-18th of the Resolutions, which, upon the 16th Day of November last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to Consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty) and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the Ho use, read accordingly; andare as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That a Sum, not exceedingThirteeri thousand Nine hundred Seventy-three Poundsand Sixteen " Shillings (granted to His Majesty, left Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Artillery of " the Landgrave of Hejfe Cassel, in the Pay of Great Britain, for the Year 1776) be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Charge of Artillery for " the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great pur*"

u suant to Treaties,.for the Year 1776."

" Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Three hundred Eighty-three Pounds, Six Shillings, and Eight Pence (granted to His Majesty in the last Session of Parliament, for defraying the " Charge of the Artillery of Hanau, in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaty, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Charge of Artillery " for the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great,

" pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1776."

" Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Three Pounds, Nineteen Shillings, and Nine " Pence, and Qne Farthing be granted to His Majesty (out of the Monies, or Savings, remaining of " the Grant of last Session of Parliament, for the Charge " of a Regiment of Foot of W in the Pay of " Great Britain, for the Year 1776) towards defraying

" the Charge of Artillery for the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for " the Year 1776."

The House was also moved, That the Resolution which upon the 24th Day of March last, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom, it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That, towards making good the Supply " granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied " the Sum of Two hundred Ninety-five thousand " Eight hundred Thirty-two Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Six Pence Three Farthings, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of " January 1777, for the Disposition of Parliament, of " the Monies which had then arisen, of the Surpluses*

" Excelfes, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues,

" competing the Fund commonly called The Sinking " Fund."

The House was also moved. That the Resolution, which, upon the 21st Day of April last, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways And Mpans for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read. -

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read ‘ accordjDgly; and is as followeth; viz.

6 0 «Resolvei,

Wm and Mean*

Duties on Soap, &c«

African

Settlements*

510 15* — 1(5

" Rtfok'td, That, towards making good the Supply " granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Seven hundred Sixty thousand, Ihree hundred Sixty-three Pounds, Fourteen Shillings, and " Two Pence Farthing, remaining in the Receipt of " the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1777, for " the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which "bad then arisen, of the Surpluses, Excelfes, and " Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, com|>ofing'‘ " the Fund commonly called Sinking Fund." .

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, pursuant to the Five last mentioned Refojutions, and also pursuant to the Resolutions this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and which have been agreed to by the House: And that the Lord jV, Mr. Charles Toum/hend, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Comically Mr. Attorney General, Mf. Solicitor General, Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. Robinson, and Sir *

worth, do prepare, and bring in, thie fame.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That from and after the Fifth Day of July next, the several Rates and Duties charged by an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, upon all Persons and Bodies Politic or Coqiorate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, do cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

*' The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the Said Bill, or Bills, that they do make Provision in thd said Bill, or in one of the said Bills, pursuant to the said Refutation,

Ordered, That Leave.be given to bring in a Bill for better. Securing the Duties on.Soap, and the Duties on Kura of the-Sugar-Plantations put into Warehouses; And that Sir Grey Cooper, and Sir. Charles-Whilworth ifo prepare, and bring in, the lame.

-% ' m i %"’*

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-

night, the 27th Day of this Inlfant May, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Consider of the RetOfn from the commissioners for Trade and Plantations,t<Tthe honourable House of Commons, in consequence of the Address of the said HoUfe to His Majesty of the ^thDay of January lull, relafing'to the getjpral State of the Trade to the Condition of

’.the-Forts 'and' Settlement* there, belonging to the 'African Company,-arid in what Manner the Several Sums of Money granted by Parliament for maintaining and supporting the same have been applied:

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the BHl to authorize the carrying of the Captures therein mentioned into any Part of His Majesty’s Detain iohs in North America, by such Licence and'Warrant asis therein provided.

Ordered, That the Repor* from the Committee of the whole House to whom it was referred to consider of the Eleventh* Rule in tl.-e- Book of Rates, £6 far as

1. SO V

Mali. A. t'777.

the same relates to the making any Allowance upon the Importation of damaged Currants, Raisins, Figs, and Prunes, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.'

Venerhy i6* i dieMaii; ‘

... t. V

i . w.

:. Anno 17* Georgii III"' Regis, 1777.

Pa AYERS.

AN ingrossed Bill for. jdividing arid inclosing the Siufleet 'Common Fen, Common Marfo, Common Fields, Inclosure. and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Surfleet, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time'.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fen, Common Marsh, Common Fields, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Surfleet, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord Browntow"Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Several Laws thereP Iodico, fcc. in mentioned, relating to encouraging-the making of Indico, in the British Plantations in America; to the re*-giftering the Prices at which Corn is fold fir the Several Counties of Great Britain, raid the Quantify exported and imported; to encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Btirk shall exceed a certain Rate; to the allowing Timber and Wood to be exported, from the Jflarid of Dominica, into any other of the British Islands, Colonies, or Plantations in America; and to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-meAo Cordage,' was read the Third Time. ' ' ' " '; ,::y

Resolved", That the Bill do pass: And that the.-Title be, An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, relating to encouraging the making of Indicp in the British Plantations in America to the regiftejjP ing the Prices at which Corn is fold in the several Counties of Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and imported; to encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such-Bark shall exceed a certain Rate; to the allowing Timber and Wood'to be exported, from the Island of Dominica, into any other of the British Islands, Colonies, or Plantations in America; and to the allowinga Bounty on the Exportation bf.Brit/Jfr-m&de Cordage. - .

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do Carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.'

An ingrossed Bill to indemnify such Persons as have Office* and omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employ- EmP*°y" ments; arid* to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted, to register or deliver- in their Qualifications, w.ithin the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes*; 'and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admi (lions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, orj having been stamped, have been loft or millaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admrflions duly stamped;

and to give further Time to such Persons as haveomit-_ ted to make and file Affidavits of the Kxecotion of Indentures of Clerks to Attoruies and Solicitors, was read the Third Time.' *

Rfolved,

Term’

E&atn.

Hat. It.

Mann failure; j»re venting Frauds.

Meetings

of

CMunifiontn under tertian AAa.

Life

Annuities*

17 Geo. III.

Resolved, That the Hill do pafi: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify t hem fe Ives for Offices and Employments; and to iudenihify Justices of this Peace, or others, who have omitted to regiller or deliver in their Qualitica-tions, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposas; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be damped according to Law, or, having been damped, have been loft or mifluid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly damped; and to give further 'fime to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the - Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

Sir IlarbordHarhord reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from tl»e Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting an undivided Moiety of certain Freehold and Copyhold Eftntes, late of Dame Elizabeth Pettus, deceased, in Trustees, to convey and surrender the same respectively, pursuant to an Agreement for the Sale thereof; and for laying out the Money in the Purchaseof other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Cfes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and-that the Committee bad directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s I able.

And the said Rill was read the Third Time.

Rejbbed, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, 'I hat Sir Harbord Harhord do cany the

Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir Harbord Harbord reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending and rendering more effectual the several Laws now in being, for the tin ore’ effectual preventing of Frauds and" Abuses by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the*. Woften, Linen, Puttied, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Furr,* Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures; and a/fo for making Provisions to pretent Frauds by Journeymen Dyers, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill, with the Amendments, as agreed to by the House, be printed.

A Bill for enlarging the Times appointed for the first Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees for putting in execution certain Arts of this Session of Parliament, was read a Second Time.

Refolted, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Howard, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: Aud they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to regulate Annuities for Lives, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

; Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Vol. 36.

Rtjblved, That this House vviH, upon Monday Seven-night, thdSth Day of thitfhlstant May; refoiredtself into a Committee Of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved;That this House will upon Wednesday Discorefy Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Art, made Lon8tfud* in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty’s

Reign, intituled, "An Act for the Repeal of all for*

" mer A&a concerning the Longitude at Sea, except " so much thereof as relates to the Appointment and Authority of the Commissioners thereby constituted,

" and also such Clauses as relate to the constructing,

" printing, pubtjshing, vending, and licensing, of-Nautical Almanacks, and other useful Tables; and for " the more eftertual Encouragement and Reward of " such Person and Persons as shall discover a Method " for finding the fame, or shall make useful Discoveries-in Navigation, and for the better making Experiments relating thereto," as relates to the more effectual Encouragement and Reward of such Person and -Persons as shall discover a Method for finding the Lon- -gitude at Sea, or shall make useful Discoveries in Navigation, and for the better making Experiments relating thereto. " ".

Ordered, That Leave be given- to bring in a BH1 for Property more effectually securing the Property of Prints to In- Right of venters and Engravers, by enabling them to sue for and ®n*v,nP* recover Penalties in certain Cafes: And that Mr. Gre- . title and Sir Edward Afi ley do prepare and bring in;

the fame.

A Message by Sir Francis Mofyneux, Gentleman * Usher of the Black Rod. . '

Mr. Speaker,

The Londs, authorized by virtue- of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to- several Arts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the.immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the Houses went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr.- Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers; where- a Commission under the Great Seal- was read; giving,- declaring, and notifying, the Royal Af--sent to the several Public and Private Bills therein* mentioned; and also empowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Arcli-bishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord President of the Council, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth;

An Act to revive and continue such Part of an Art, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Exportation of certain " Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to His Ma* " jesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, and to the I (land " of Saint Helena, and to the other Setllementsbelong* " ing to the United Company of Merchants Of England trading to the East Indies; and of Biscuit and * Pease to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaieur, " and Labrador;and for indemnifying all Pefrfooswith

ffrefpert to advising or carrying -into execution His Majesty’s Orders of Council already made for^tlfow- ing the Exportation of Wheat and other Articles,’*’ at expired on the First Day of , One thousand

Seven -hundred and Seventy-seven: -- ’

An

Royal AflVnt to Bill*.

kny*l AtTent to liU.

51*

An Act for registering the Grants of-Life Annuities; and for the better Protection of Infants against such Grants:

An Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duties of CuAoms> on the Exportation of Tea to Ireland:

An Act for the more effectual Prevention of the ma> hufaduring of Alh, Elder, Sloe, and other Leaves, in Imitation of l ea; and to prevent Frauds in the Revenue of Excise, in respect to Tea:

An Act for further restraining the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Iuland Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England:

An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, in to open a

Street from the South End of Long Ditch, to the North End of Smith Street;and to widen Part of Tot hill Street, and of Long Ditch aforesaid; and to widen the Passage between Orchard Street and the new intended Street; and also to widen Wood Street; and to make a more commodious Entrance from The Broad Sanctuary into Dean's Yard, within the City and Liberty of miti/ler:

An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to make an Agreement, or Composition, with the several Sureties of William Brown, and the Representatives of such of the said Sureties as are dead, for a Debt regaining due from them to the Crown, on several Tobacco Bonds entered into and executed by such Sureties respectively i and that they and their Estates and Effects may be acquitted and discharged therefrom:

An Act for inclosing and embellishing the Middle Part of Hoxton Square, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex; and for ex-tingaishing all Right of Common in and upon the said Square:

An Act for widening, cleansing, and lighting, the several Streets* Lanes, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages, within the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford; and for taking down, altering, or rebuilding, certain Buildings therein mentioned; and for removing all other Nuisances and Incroachments, and for regulating Carts and other Carriages, within the said Town.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from the City of Lincoln; and for repairing and widening the Roads from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road, at the Foot of Bracebridge Bridge, over the said Bridge West-ward, to the Extremity of the County of Lincoln, near a Place called Potter Hill, and from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road at the Foot of Hill, Southward, to a Windmill at the Top of the said Hill:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Gatejkead, in the County of Durham,' to the Church Lane near By ton Lane Head, and from The Barr Moor to The Hexham Turnpike Road near Dilston Bar, in the County of Northumberland; and also the Road from Mickhey Banjk to Lead Hill or Silver Hill', and for making a Road dross certain Grounds belonging to Crozier Surtees, Esquire, in the Parish of Ryton, in the County of Durham:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an A&. made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Road leading from Tal y Ferry, " in the County of Caernarvon, and through the Towns " of Comvay, Bangor, and Caernarvon, to the Town

of Pwllhely, in the same Countyand also for repairing and widening the Roads from Taly Cafn Ferry aforesaid, On the Denbiglishire Side ofthaRivex

A. 1777

to join the Turnpike Road between Conway and Saint AJ'aph, at a Place called Sarny and from the Turnpike Road between Bangor and Conway, at the Village of Aber, over Bulchy D to

Tal y Cafn Ferry aforesaid, and from thence to the Town of Llannest, in the County of Denbigh:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir William Hamilton and Dame Catherine his Wife, in Trustees, to sell or exchange the fame; and for laying out the Money to arise by Sale thereof, in the Purchase of other. Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act for Sale of the settled Estate of Philip Egerton, Esquire, in the County of Flint; and for investing the Money in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act to confirm and establish Articles of Agreement, for a Partition or Division of Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Northampton and Warwick, the Estates of John Clarke, Esquire, and Mary his late Wife, deceased; and for settling the same to the Uses therein mentioned;

An Act for dividing and inclosing the foyeral Open Fields, Arable Lands, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Killamarsh, in the County of Derby:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the several Parishes and Liberties of Whilton, Norton, and or in

some or One of them, in the County of

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pallures, and Common Downs, in the Parishes of Shireberne and in

the County of Gloucester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, in the Manor and Parish of Grafton Underwood, in the County of Northampton.:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pallures, Fens, Heath, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Mctherivgham, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Candhfby, in the County of Lincoln: .

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, and a Stinted Pailure, in the To\vnship of New/ham, in the North Riding of the County of

York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Common Fields, Common Pastores, - lags. Common, and other Waste Lands and Grounds* within the Township and Manor of Barmby upon the Moor, in the East Riding in the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Common Arable Fields, Wolds, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Townships of North Newbald and South Newbald, within the Parish of North in the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pallures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of lejby, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Meadow and Pailure Grounds, and the Common or Moor, within the Township of Thornton, in the Parish of Fofton, in the North Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, Forest, andWafteGreunds^ in the Parish of Fame$field, 'in the County oiNetting* ham: .

An Act for dividing ao4 inclosing. certain Open,

Fields,

16* Mali.

4

17Gfio.HL 16° Matt, uj

Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Pari Hi of Brampton, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parillies of JIalani and Edingley in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lauds, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Leadenham, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, Commons, and other Commonable Lands, within the Township of and the Hamlets of Balking and otherwise

Wooherston, and within the Hamlets of Kingston Lijle ami Fazc'.er, In the County of

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common 'Fields, Mefttc Inclosures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Township of Monbotherwile Burton, in the Parish of llojylone, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and certain Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Earn thorougotherwise

rough, in the County of Berks:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Commonable Grounds within the Path!) of G ilmor/on, in the County of

'An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, ‘ "ommonable Lands, Cow Failure, or Shrill), Town Green, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Colville, in the Comity of

An Art lor dividing and inclosing the Moors, Commons, or Wnfie Grounds, within the Manors of Baf-clturch, Ilordley, St a incar dine in the Wood,

LullingfieU, and Suvneardinc Fields, or some of

' them, in the County of Salop:

An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and ' Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf-tnr< s, and oilier Commonable Grounds, in the Tithing* or Liberties of Ramjbun Tozcn, Park Wlii'tunditch, Eajtridge, and within the Manor of Ramjl'.iry, in the County of

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Moor oT Common, in the Parish of Bulmcr, in the North Riding of ’ the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing Corfi Wood, Othenvife Core el on Wood or Common, within the Manor of Corf ton, otherwise Cand Parish

' tllehury, in the County of Salop; and for making a

Boundary or Ring Fence again!! a certain Open and Vnincloled Ground in the Slanor of within

the same Parish:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Ol eu and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parrlh of Shears Ashby, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grmuids, witliip the Parish of Bleajby, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the fereral Com-. moms and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Ip/iones, in the County of

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of -J

ter, . Esquire, Earl of Tyrconnin the Kingdtyn of Lclaiul, with the Right honourable Lady Frances

Manners, his now Vr'Vle; aiyl to enable hihn to marry' agaiii'; 'and for other Purposes therein mentioned: -

' An Act to'enable William Dutton ', Esqlitre, lijs First and other Sons, and their Iftuo Male, to take, trfc, and hear, the Name and Arms of purl’uant to

Vol. 3d.

the Will of fames Lenox Dutton^ TSfquire', deceased;

and for making the Exemplification of the Will and* Codicil of the said James Lenox Dutton, under thef Great Seal of Great Britain, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain arid Ireland:

An Act to enable Isaac Martin ElffHire, td,

take and use the Surname of Martin, jrurfuanlt'to tftd Will of MatthezC Martin, Esquire, detoafed: ' ?

An Act for naturalizing Maria Perry: "

An Act for naturalizing Charles Morris Klanetl.

An ingrafted Bill for defraying the Expence of build* inga new Gaol and Shire Hiilf'for the^Cotmlfy af.WeJl-moreland, was read the Third Time. ‘ ' ?

llefoh'cd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for defraying the Expence of building a new Gaol and Shire Hull for the County of Wejhmtr^l land: ' f ’

Ordered, That Sir James Lozvthet do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.:

The House was moved, That, die Order, made Upon the 8th Day of this I’nstant May, for printing the ’Bm to explain and-amend the Laws now in being, relating to Sewers, might be read. 'Vn'H

And the said Order being read accordingly j . Ordered, That the said Ortler be discharged.

Then the said Bill was read a Second Time. ,;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. PodinaU, Mr. Mellish, itc.:And they are to meeP this After* noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker VChanW ber. ' '

The House, according to Order, refoived itself Into a Committee of the whole House, iipon the Rill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to compound a Debt due to the Crown, from the Estate of William Harry, deceased, and his Sureties';. Mr. Speaker left the Chair. 1 '

Mr. Adam Drummond took the Chair of the Committee.' ' ’ ’*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Adam Drummond reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and "made federal Amendments thereunto; which they hod directed him to report, when the lkmfe will please to receive the same. " r ' <-

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wedngf-dayMorning next. ' " ' ' <?

Resolved, That this House'will, at the' Rising of the House this Day,'adjourn till Wednesdiiy Morning next.

Sir Herbert Mackzcorthreported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for preventing Abuses in making Bricks and' Tiles, was’ committed; That* the Committee had gone through the iBiti, and made fevers! Amendments thereunto, Which they had- directfed him to report to the House; and he read the.Report-itt his Place;' and afterwards delivered the Bill, frith the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and thin a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question fetferally put thereupon, were agreed so by the Hdufe ' V * 1 T.<

Ordered,'That the Bill, with the Amendment be ingrafted. > - ' " ' ' 1 ’

The'House beirtg informed thnt Mr. MicJtell, SeCDe-tary to tho Unitevk CompaivyqfMerehaiits of Ehglahd, trading to The East Indies, attended at the Door j die Was eaJkxl fth; diidj aft ,thh' Bar, ipafafepted to the House, pursuant to their Orders, . ui

A printed Copy of such Papers as have been pr inted by fhS -Court mDirertOre, ekfr'thh TdTordratlotrdf the Proprietors of Rajf-Ii\(lia>&tock, re la ti ve to) I h& Reilora-

6 P tion

Westmor*lane Gaol and Shire

relating tA ScwtX*

Harry^s HdA to the Crowli.

.Adjoul'nment

Bricks and ' Tiies*

Eaaihdm

Affaity.

5*4

6" M

A. 1777.

tion of tho King df Tanjote, the Arrest of the Right honourable George Lord and the Removal of

his Lordship from the Government of Fort Saint George, in Two Volumes: And also.

Copy of such Proceedings of the Court of Directors* and of the General Court of the Proprietors of East India Stock, a* have been printed by the Court of Directors, relative to the Removal of Lord Pigot from the Government of Fort Saint George: And also. Copy Proceedings of the General Court of Proprietors of East India Stock, the 7th May 1777: And ilfo,

Copy Proceedings of the General Court of Proprietors of East India Stock, the 9th of May 1777: Andalfo,

Ext raft of the General Letter from Bengal, dated the lath September 1776: And also.

Copy of a Letter from General , dated

Fort William, the 2d September 1776: And also. Extract of a Letter from the Governor and Council of Bombay, in their Secret Department, dated the ": 30th November 1776: Andalfo,

Copy of a Letter from the Presidency of Bombay, to Lord Pigot, President and Governor, and the rest of the Council at Fort Saint George, dated the 17th November 1776; with Copy of Mr. Daniel Draper's Dissent to the said Letter: And also,

Copy of a Paper, purporting to be a Declaration in the Name of the Nabob of , delivered to the Court of Directors, by Esquire,

dated 11 th February 1777, delivered in to the Court of Directors, the same Day: And also,

Copy of a Letter from the Nabob of , dated i*th February 17 76, to which the said Declaration

refers; is printed in the First Volume of Papers befo're-mentioneq. Page 60: And also.

Copy of the Treaty of 1762, between the Nabob of Arcot and the King of Tanjore, to which the Company was Guarantee: And also.

Copies of the Opinions of the Attorney General, Mr. Dunning, Mr. Wallace, and Mr. Sayer, together with the same Rated to them, respecting the Powers tfoimed by Mr. Hajlings, in the Exercise of his Office as Governor General of Bengal.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

.. And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Papers.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Billinghay Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Com-Incl' sure, mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the kc. . Open Common Fields, Meadows, Dales, and Common . Fen, within the Parish of Billinghay, in the County of Lincoln; and for draining and preserving the said

- Dales and Common Fen, and also certain inclosed i Low Lands thereto adjoining, in the said Parish, was

re-committed; That the Committee had made several

- other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterward delivered; the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

- and then a Second Time, Obe by One.; and, upon the Questkm severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ipgrofled.

tjtkm

1

raoCBf

Me.

Sir Charles Whitmortk, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to^rhon it

was referred to cdnfider of the Eleventh Rule in the Book of Rates, so far as the same relates to the making any Allowance upon the Importation of damaged Currants, Raiiins, Figs, and Prunes, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table 1 Where the fume were read; and'are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Eleventh Rule annexed to the Book of Rates, so far as the same relates to the Allowances to be made for damaged Currants, Raiiins, Figs, and Prunes, be repealed* ,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Abatement of Eight Pounds per Centum, of the Net Amount of the Duties payable upon the Importation of Currants, be made to the Importer thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Abatement of One Pound per Centum, of the Net Amount of the Duties payable upon the Importation of Raiiins Solis, be made to the Importer thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That an Abatement of Six Pounds per Centum, of the Net Amount of the Duties payable upon the Importation of Smyrna Raiiins, be made to the Importer thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee1* That an Abatement of 'Fen Pounds per Centum, of the Net Amount of the Duties payable upon the Importation of Li pari. Faro, and Great or

Lexia Raiiins, be made, to the Importer thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Abatement of Eight Pounds per Centum, of the Net Amount of the Duties payable upon the Importation of Denia Raisins, be made to the Importer thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Abatement of Twenty-five Pounds per Centum, of the Net Amount of the Duties payable upon the Importation of Faro Figs, be made to the Importer thereof

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Abatement of Ten Pounds per Centum, of the Net Amount of the Duties payable upon the Importation of Smyrna Figs, be made to the Importer thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Abatement of Six Pounds per Centum, of the Net Amount of the Duties payable upon the Importation of Prunes, be made to the Importer thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said several Abatements shall be taken to be in lieu of all former Allowances such Goods were intitled to, in consideration of any Damage whatsoever.

The Five First Resolutious of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Sixth Kesolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Word " Eight" and inserting the Word "Twenty" inlicad thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Word "Eight’* stand Part of the said Hei’olution;

It palTerl in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Word " Twenty" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Refolded, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That an Abatement of Twenty Pounds per Centum, of the Net Amount of the Duties payable upon the Importation of Denia Raiiins, be made to the Importer thereof.

33 The

A

Darin on

GUIs.

"fW*

African

Company.

African

Trade.

Wiyt

and Meant*

PapistWifli and Deeds.

Carrying

Captures

into

American

Colonies.

17 Geo. III.

The Seventh; Eighth, and Ninth Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were* upon the Quellidn severally put thereupon disagreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Infraction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Resolution, which, upon the 6th Day of this Infant May, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of allowing the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in The West Indies, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Refold' tions now agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce into the Exchequer, of the Duties on Glass, charged by an Act of the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for Seven Years, ended the 5th Day of January 1777.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, a* it Hood on the 31st December 1776, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr: Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolution*; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednes-

4ay Morning next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Minute l ooks of the Proceedings of the African Committee, for the present Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an -Account of all Complaints which have been made to the Lord* Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, -of any Abuses committed in the d/Wcan Trade, by the Committees of Merchants trading to Africa, or their Servants* or others concerned in the Direction or Management of the said Trade, from the ill Day of January 1750 to the ill Day of 1776; together

with the Proceedings of the Lords Commissioners upon such Complaints.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Pa-pilis, and for Relief of Protellant Pnrchafers, was committed, be received upon Wednesday Morping next.

Resolved, That thus House will, upon ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to authorize the carrying of the Captures therein mentioned into any Part of His Ma-

Yol. 36.

5*8-

jesty’s Dominions in North America, -by such Licence and Warrant as is therein provided.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next* Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, ai* dig Maii\

4

Anno 17* Georgii III*1 Regis* 1777. Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. Ibbetson, from the Commissioners of Greenwich 'Hospital, attended at the Door; he was called in; add, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, An Account of the Revenues of Greenwich Hospital, with the Expenditure thereof, distinguishing the particular Heads of Expence, for the Three lall Years: And also.

An Ulimate of the Revenue and Expence of Greenwich Hospital, for the Year 1777.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Account and Estimate were read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account and Estimate are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Camplin, from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door'; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

The Minute Book of the Proceedings of the African Committee, from the 3d July 1770, to 15th 1777. And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Book was read.

Ordered, That the said Book be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Return from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to the honourable House of Commons, in Consequence of the Address of the said House to His Majesty of the 29th Day of January lall, relating to the general State of the Trade to,

the Condition of the Forts and Settlements there, belonging to the African Company, and in what Manner the several Sums of Money granted by Parliament for maintaining and supporting the fame, have been applied.

N. B. The said Book was', by a subsequent Order of the House of the Second Day of June, redelivered to the proper Officer.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made In the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the Repeat of all former Acts concerning w the Longitude at Sea, except so much thereof as relates to the Appointment add Authority Of the Commissioners thereby conllituted, and also such Clauses " as relate to the conllructing, printing, publishing, " vending, and licensing, of Nautical Almanacks, and " other useful Tables; and for the more effectual " Encouragement and Reward of such Person and Persons as shall discover a Method for finding the " fame, or shall make useful Discoverles in Navigation; " and for the better making Experiments relating " thereto" as relates to the more effectual Encouragement and Reward of such Person and Pe/tfons as shall

discoVdr

16 — 21* Mail

Revenues

of

Greenwich

Hofpfesb

African

Company.

Discovery of the Leligitnde.

ri 6 bi* Mail. 177$.5

discover a Method for finding the EotigUitdc at ^ea, or shall make useful Discoveries in Navigation; and for the better making Experiments relating thereto.

Ordered, That the Account of what Money has been issued, by the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the 14th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the " Repeal of all former Acts concerning the Longitude at Sea, except so much thereof as relates to the Ap*

" pointmenfc a'nd Authority of the Commissioners " thereby conllituted, and also such Clauses as relate to the gonltructing,. printing, plrblishing, vending, u and liceufing, of Nautical Almanacks, and other " useful Tables; and for the more effectual Encoo- ragem, ent and Reward of such Person and Persons " as shall discover d Method for finding the fame, or

fliftlf make useful Discoveries jn Navigation; and for " the better making Experiments relating thereto," be referred to thfe said Committee. t Theft the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left thd Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

MV. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported front the Committee, That they had come to a Refohition; which they had directed hltti td report. When the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That thfe Report be received Tomorrow Mftnfliftg.

The Roll* A Rill to repeat in Act, made in the Twelfth Year Mate. of the Iteign df King Charles the Second, intituled, " The Mailer of the Rolls empowered to make Leases " fol Tears, in order to liew-build the old Houses be-u longing to the Rolls;" and for the better regulating fhie Method of granting Leases of the said Rolls Estate for tnfe Future, waS read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

_ Rifolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee df tile Whole Hohle.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, rei’oive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Money Ordered, That there be laid before this House, aft belonging to Account of the Annual Balances of the dead Calli lin'd Suitor* of Securities in the Bank of , belonging to the

Chancery. -Suitors of the Court of Chancery, from the Year 1760 to the present Time, distinguishing the dead Calli from the Securities in 'each Year.

Cantley Mr. Ldfcclles reported from the Committee, to whom Inclosure. life Hill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townlliips df C'anlky, Brdinpton, Refacarr, ai-.d High Ellers, w it hi n the several Manors of Bramplon and Brfacan-, in the Parish of Cantley, in the West Riding of the County of York, ’Was committed; That the Committee had examined, 'and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25^ df April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, ‘had been complied with; and that the Committee lidd examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates within the said Townlliips, who are a defied to the Land Tax at £. i. 13$. 4 dper Annum, who declared themselves

neuter; and also except the Owners of Estates, who are assessed to the Land Tax at 12 71/. who were

against the Bill; and that the whole Annual Assessments of Estates within the said Tow nlliips amount to £. 51. 1 6s.5 d.)and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they hall directed him to reparfr'to

the l louse; and he read the Reporf in, ha; Place; and afterwards delivered the" Bill, wifi) thfe Amendment in af the Clerk’s Table: Where the'Ariiendnients werds '

Once read tliroughou.t; and thou a Sccoiid Time, One. by One; and, upon the Oudlion severalty put thereupon, were agreed to by the I foule; and feveraf Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, ha ingrafted.

Sir Grey Coopef presented so the Ftoiffe, according to ’Supply Bills Order, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by* tx^h^u<r Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven lnindred and Seven ty-sevenAnd the faine was received 5 and read the Pirlt Time.

Resolved, That the Bill lie read a Second Time.

Mr. Adam Drummond, according to Order, reported Harry's from the Committee of the whole Holife, to whom the the(2r<jvi*, Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of Isis Majesty’s Treasury to compound a Debt due to the Crdwti, frotn the Estate of William Harry, deceased; and his-Sureties, was committed; the Aiiietldments which the! Committee ha<l made to the Bill, and wdiich they had , directed him to report to the llo-.fe'; and he read die Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the'

Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Talde*.

Where the Amendments were Once read-throwgliont s. and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Qtrcftion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Hftufe.

Ordered, That the Bill,’ with the Amendments, be irtgrofifed.

The Lord North acquainted the Lloufe, That hd had Mding# a Message from 11 is Majesty to this House, ligiied by ftmthe His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House-f and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered) and is us followeth viz. '

GEORGE R.

His Majftly* relying oh the experienced Zeal and.

Afieftion of flis Faithful Commons, and curfM&rkigv that, during the present Troubles in North,

Emergencies may arise, Wdiich miiy be of the u'ttnoft importance, and be altended with the most datigerouS Consequences, if proper Means should not be itrimefc diqtely applied to prevent or defeat them, is desirous, that this House'will enable'him to defray any extraordinary Expences incurred, or to be incurred, titi Account of Military Services, for the Year Otlfe tllOU-land Seven humlred and SevontyTeVen, and a% thfe Exigency of Affairs mar require: And Hfs Majest-fe doubts not, but that his Fai thftil CorntnOWs enable Him to make good the Charges attending ^fhfe calling in and recoining the deficient‘Gold Coin, ltd ;Pnrfuaneeof an Act of Parliament passed in the Fotig» teenth Year of His Reign, w’hich retnain uh(UtiS&*&, and which cannot at this Time be ascertained.

’ G. :k.

Resolved, That this Tiouft? will, Tomorrow M©rft*

ing, 'resolve itself into a Committee of :the whblfe House, to take His Majesty’s said ihoft Graeietufe Message into Consideration.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Supply BiH; Order, a Bill for granting to- lis Majesty aDutv upon Duties on all Sen’ants retained or employed in the federal Capa- Ser^nt!' cities therein mentioned; and for repealing leverdl Rates and Duties upon Glass imposed by an Act made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and for granting to His Majesty other Rates-and ' Duties upon Glass in lieu thCfedf, and for the better Collectiftg the Duties upon Glass; and for repealing

the

Supply Bill; Autfxme^r*’ Lkciuts.

Iir.j ortniion of

Caron ;j, See.

Diri-s on Soup, ice.

fill India and Baltic Trade.

Property; Right ol Bo^rtviD^i.

fapply.

17 Geo. III. 210 Mail.

5i7

the several Rates and Duties charged by an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Mujefiy, upon all Persons and Bodies Politic and Cor-poi a'e, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate: And the fanr* was received; an<l read the FirllTime.

Ref deed, I hat the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by all Persons acting as Auctioneers, and certain Rates and Duties on all Duals, Houses, Goods, and other Things, sold by Auction, and upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, Deeds, and other Inllrnments: and the same was received; and road the Firfi Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing the Eleventh Rule in the Book of Rates, so far as the same relates to making any Allowance upon the Importation of damaged Currants and Raifms, and for making the Importer of such Goods an Abatement in the Duties, in lieu thereof; and so permit the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the Sugar Colonies 'or

Plantations in the West Indies, foraTimeto be limited;

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rcflved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for better focuring the Duties on Soap, and the Duties on Rum of the Sugar Plantations put into Warehoul'es: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a SeGond Time.

Sir Cm/ Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prevent the clandestine unshipping from, and receiving Goods at Sea on hoard, Vessds employed in the Fuji India Company’s Service; for ascertaining the Manor of discharging Bonds, given f »r the due Importation of certain Goods, from Great Britain, to Foreign Parts; and to oblige the Mailers of Britishor Iri/hShips, failing from any of His Majesty’s Dominions, into The Baltic, to deliver a Manifell of their Cargoes to the British Con ful residing the re: And the same was received; and read the First Tinn\

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

plied by the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, for the Support and Relief of Seamen worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, who shall not he provided for within the said Hospital, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven.

The said Resolutions being Severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Pownall reported from the Committee, to whom Laws the Bill to explain and amend the Laws now in being, relating to relating toSewers, was committed; That the Committee Sewers* had gone through the Bill, and made Several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till this Day Fortnight the 4th Day of June next.

Ordered, That the said Bill, with the Amendments, as agreed to by the House, be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House Carrying to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to authorize the carrying of the Captures pom.

therein mentioned into any Part of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, by such Licence and Warrant as is therein provided, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to regulate the ascertaining the Value of the Cargoes of Ships and Vessels belonging to His Majesty’s Subjects, which have been taken by Ships belonging to any of the Rebellious Colonies, and afterwards retaken by any of His Majesty’s Ships of War, or other Ships.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Grey'dle presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for more effectually securing the Property of Prints to Inventors and Engravers, by enabling them to sue for and recover Penalties in certain Cafes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rfviced.That the Bill he read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reporter! from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum. not exceeding One Million, be granted to His Majesty, towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Four Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, to be ap-Vol. 36.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Papist’s

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollment of 1 s’ Deeds and Wills made by Papills, and for Relief of Proteffant Purchasers, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were

Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, ^vere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously plea fed to give Directions, That the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations do lay before this House, Copies of all Letters, Memorials, or Representations, presented to the Board, complaining of the ConduSt of

6 Q the

African

Company.

Ways *nu Meant.

Hat* &c,

Manvifaflui# > preventing Frauds.

Discovery of the Longitude.

518 21° — 22° ^.1777.

the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, or their Servants, with the Proceedings of the said Lords Commissioners if any such have been made, since the Year 1753.

Ordered, That the said Address be prefenlod to llis Majeliv by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Mod honourable Privy Council.

The other Order of the Day being read.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, revive itself into a Committee of the whole l louse, to consider further of AY ays and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjpurned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 29 die Mail;

Anno 17* Georgii III'" Regis, 1777.

Tr ATERS.

AN ingrossed Bill for amending and rendering more elleelual the several Laws now in being, for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Ilats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Furr, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures: and also for making Provisions to prevent Frauds by Journeymen Dyers, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending and rendering more effectual the several Laws now in being, for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in {lie Woollen, Linen, Fullian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Furr, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures; and also for making Provisions to prevent Frauds by Journeymen Dyers.

Ordered, That Sir Harbord JJarbord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the Repeal of all former Acts " concerning the Longitude at Sea, except so much " thereof as relates to the Appointment and Authority of the Commissioners thereby constituted, and " also such Clauses as relate to the construcfing, printing, publishing, vending, and licensing, of Nautical " Almanacks, and other useful Tables; and for the " more effectual Encouragement, and Reward of such " Person and Persons as shall discover a Method for " finding the fame, or ilin.ll make useful Discoveries in " Navigation; and for the better making Experiments " relating thereto," as relates to the more effectual Encouragement and Reward of such Person and Persons as mail discover a Method for finding the Longi-tndeatSea, or shall make useful Discoveries in Navigation; and for the better making Experiments relating thereto, the Refold ion which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow-eth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thou land Pounds, be applied, out of any Monies unapplied to the Use of the 16

Navy, in the Hands of Ihe Treasurer of the Navy, towards eucouragingandrewarding fuel. Person or Persons who shall make any Discoveries for finding the Ixmgitude at Sea; which, though they do not intillc the Discoverers to the greater Rewards specified in an Act; made in the Fourteen', h Year of I he Reign of I lis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the " Repeal of all former Acts concerning the Longitude " at Sea, except so much thereof as relates to the Appointment and Authority of the Commissioners thereby constituted, and also such Clauses as relate to " the constructing, printing, publishing, vending, and " licensing, of Nautical Almanacks, and other useful "Tables; and for the more efteHual Encouragement " and Reward of such Person and Persons as shall discover a Method for finding the lame, or shall make " useful Discoveries in Navigation; and for the better " making Experiments relating thereto ;" yet may be adjudged, by the Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude at Sea, to be of consider.ible L’fe to the Public; and also such Person or Persons as shall make any other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation; and towards the better making of Experiments relating thereto; subject to the same Directions and Regulations as are for the like l’urposes contained in the said Act.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, w as, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Stephens, Mr. Bailer, and Mr. Fenton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported, from the

Committee of ti e whole House, to whom the Bill to

7 . A n -,rp

authorize the carrying of the Captures therein mentioned into any Fart of His Majesty's Dominions ill North America, by such Licence and Warrant as is therein provided, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which, they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s'laldc:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to feve ral of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the hill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Cocks presented to the House, pur fa ant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " The Expence of supporting " His Majesty’s Forts, Ordnance, and Stores, and eon Sctrlem " tingent Charges, in the Province of Senezamhia,

" (within the Department of the Ordnance) from " 1 January 1767 to 1 January 17 76."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to w hom it is referred to consider of the Return from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to the honourable House of Commons, in consequence of the Address of the said House to His Majeliv of the ?()th Day 0£ January la(i, relating to the general State of the Trade to Africa, the Condition of the Forts and Settlements there h.-longing to the African Company, and in what Maivrn r the several Sums of Money gmnted by Parliament for maintaining and supporting the fame, have been applied.

The said Paper is preserved among;! the other Papers of thisSdiion.

An ingrossed Bill to promote the Residence of the Pa- Cierpy rocliiu! Clergy, by making Provihon for tin more 1’j.oecly

and

o o

17 Geo. III.

230 Mali.

5i9

and effectual building, rebuilding, repairing, or pur-ohaling, 1 loufes, and other necessary Buildings and Tenements, for the L fe of their Benefices, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title lv>, An Act to promote the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more speedy and effectual building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing, Houses, and other necessary Buildings and Tenements, for the I fe of their benefices.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Simply Bill; Sir Gm> Cooper presented to the House, according to Li/ttery,&c. Qlc|erj a |3j|| j'or raittllg a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities; anil for establishing a Lottery; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Importation A Bill for repealing the Eleventh Rule in the Book „ of Rates, so far as the same relates to making any Al-

currants, |owance upon the Importation of damaged Currants and

Fulfills, and for making the Importer of such Goods an Abatement in the Duties, in lieu thereof; and to permit the Exportation of Tobacco-Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in tl.r ll ijt Indies, for a Time to be limited; was read a Stroud Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Ixrij'vjd, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Ref di ed, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, rrfolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

East India A Bill to prevent the cl&ndelline Unihipping from. Bah? an'l receiving (roods at Sea on board, Vessels employed Trade. >n the East India Company’s Service; for ascertaining

the Manner of discharging Bonds, given for the due 1.xpoitation of certain (roods, from Great Britain to Foreign Parts; and to oblige the Matters of British or Irish Ships, failing from any of His Majesty’s Dominions, into the Bol/i to deliver a Manifest of their Cargoes to the BrilishConful residing the re, was read a

Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House King's to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration His Majesty’s most gracious Mett’age of Yesterday, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution: which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for preventing Abuses in making Brick* Bricks and Tiles, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for preventing Abuses in the making and vending Bricks and Tiles.

Ordered, That Sir Herbert Mackworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the In*a whole House, to consider of the several Papers, which °mpany. were presented to the House upon Friday last, relative to the Affairs of the East India Company.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ilujfey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And then the House, having continued to fit till near One of the Clock on Friday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 230 Maii;

Anno if Georgii IIIUi Regis, 1777.

Rtf deed, I hat the Bill be committed.

Rtf deed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, I hat this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolv. itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

SitpIv Bill; A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans Ex<hcquer or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred ami Seventy-seven, was read a Second Time.

jit yoked.That lh" B 11 be committed.

Ref bed. That the i; .11 be committed to a Committee of the u hole 1 Tonic

Ref deed. That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, re fob e it iH. mlo a Committee of the whole House upon the said B.il.

African The Lord Forth reported to the House, That their Cumpany. Address of Yetienlav (that His Majesty would be graciously picafed to give Directions, that the Lords Commissioners for Trade and 1 '’Imitations do lay before this House, Copies of all Letters, Memorials, or Representations, presented to the Board, complaining of the Conduct of the Committee of the Company of Mcr-ehants trading to Africa or their Servants, with the Proceedings of the said Lords Commissioners, if any such ha\e been n.ade, fmee the Year 1753^ had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majoliv had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Vet. 36.

Prayers,

THE House being informed that Mr. Nowell, from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Annual Balances of Cash and Money Securities belonging to the Suitors of the Court of belonging to Chancery, from ilt October 1760 to the 17th Day of May 1777, inclusive. *c ry‘

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, " The Matter " of the Rolls impowered to make Leases for Years,

" in order to new-build the old Houses belonging to " the Rolls;" and for the better regulating the Method of grant ing Leases of the said Rolls Estate for the future, is committed.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Wilford, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the liar, p.efented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A11 Account of the Net Produce into the Exchequer, Account; of the Duties on Glass, charged by an Act of the Glass,°n

Nineteenth

Can'ley

Inclosure.

Property;

V igur of Engravings.

African

Company.

520 2 30 M. A. 1777.

Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for Seven Years, ended the 5th Day of January 1777.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to he perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Selhon.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Cantley, Brampton, Beffacarr, and High Ellers, within the several Manors of Brampton and in the

Parish of Cantley, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, to preserve the Rights of the Lord of the Manor of Armthorpe.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Brampton, Beffacarr, and High Ellers, within the feve-

ral Manors of Brampton and Beffacarr, in the Parish of Cantley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. LafceUes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for more effectually securing the Property of Prints to Inventors and Engravers, by enabling them to sue for and recover Penalties in certain Cafes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ville, Mr. Jotliffe,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of John Bourke and John Barnes, Members of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth. That the Petitioners are Committee Men for the Direction and Management of the Affairs of the African Company, under the Authority, and according to the Provisions of an Act, passed in t lie Twenty-third Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for extending and " improving the Trade to Africa and that the present Committee doth annually receive from Parliament considerable Sums of Public Money, for the faithful Application of which they are responsible; this Public Money they would be most unworthy to hold, and it would be highly improper for the House to entrust it in their Hands, if they stood justly chargeable with any Abuse whatsoever; and that the Petitioners, having a legal Tenure in their said Corporate Office, during the Term, and under the Conditions, appointed by the said Act, are, by the Law of this Land, entitled to Protection for their Corporate Character, without which Protection they will be unable to perform their Duty; they have also a Property equally to be protested, by the same Law in their honest Fame and Reputation as private Citizens and Merchants; their private Credit, they humbly represent to thel louse, must be assessed to their extreme Detriment, lliouH any Mif-conductor Unfaithfulness, particularly in a Pecuniary and Commercial Trull, be publicly imputed to them, and not publicly disproved; and that the Petitioners observe, with the utmost Concern, a Paper laid before the House, and ordered by its Authority to he printed, purporting to he " A Return from the Commissioners " for Trade and Plantations, relating to the General " State of the Trade to Aand ligned "

" Germain, Soame Jcnyns, R1 Spencer, Bamber Gas-

" coyne, WhUshed Keene, C.Fand and that in the said Return, the following heavy Charge against the Committee for conducting the said Trade is made, and pretended to be supported by Evidence. viz. " It appears, so far from this Trade (meaning " that Part of the African Trade under the l)ire6tion " of the Committee) having been carried on in a free " and open Manner for the Benefit of the Public, ao " cording to the Intention of this honourable House,

" and agreeable to the Spirit and Tenor of the Act " which constitutes the present Committee, that a " private Trade, directly tending to a Monopoly hath " been set. up and established by the Governors and " Chiefs of the Forts in Africa; and that this private " Trade, so injurious to the Interests of the Public,

" hath been carried on by them in Conjunction with " Persons at Home, some One or more of whom have " at the same Time been Members of the Committee " abovementioned and that the Petitioners, Members of the present Committee, deliberately weighing and considering all the Particulars and Circu alliances of the said Charge, do affirm to this honourable House, that the same (so far as the Petitioners are or may be comprehended therein, by Participation, Connivance, or Neglect) is absolutely false; and that the Petitioners, in Justice to the Character of Daniel Esquire,

Commissary General in America, a Member of this Committee, and now Abroad on His Majesty’s Service in a most important Trust, do affine this honourable House, that they have abundant Reason to be persuaded, that the said Charges with Regard to him, are equally groundless and injurious; and if any other Committee Man has acted contrary to his Duty, and contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, the Petitioners are not acquainted with or privy to the fame; and that the Petitioners, with the Feelings of injured and the Confidence of innocent Men, do supplicate from the House a full and strict Enquiry into their Conduct, offering themselves to the lieavieft Punishment which the just Indignation of this House can inflict, if any Part of the said Charge, so far as regards them, can be made good by the said Commissioners of Trade, or by any other Persons, and most humbly re-quell, that they may be confronted, as the Rules of Justice require, with their Accusers; and the Petitioners in order to facilitate the Enquiry oft his honourable House, do wave the Privilege of all accused Persons, in not being compellable to answer such Questions as may criminate themselves, and are ready most chearfully, to give full and satisfactory Answers to all Interrogatories, without Exception, which this House, or any Committee thereof, shall think proper to propose to them; and that the Petitioners represent to this honourable House, that the said Commissioners of Trade are appointed by the African Act aforesaid, supreme Judges and Comptrollers in all Cases of Abuse or Misbehaviour in the African Trade, with the fullest Powers over the Committee and all the Servants of the Company, without exception, and are authorized by the said Act, " to remove any of the said Committee Men or " any Servant appointed by them, who shall be guilty " of any Misbehvaiour contrary to the true Intent and " Meaning of the said Act;" and, in order to enable the said Commissioners of Trade to execute with Effect the said Trulls and Powers, the Petitioners, as Members of that Committee, are also directed, by the Act aforesaid, to give to the said Commissioners, "a just " and perleft Account of all their Transactions, Once a " Year, or oftener if thereunto required by the said " Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, in " which shall be contained an Account of all the Monies received and disbursed by the said Committee, or " their Order; and also an Account of all the Orders " and Instructionsgiven by the said Committee, as well to their Officers and Servants in Great Britain, as on

" ihe

17 Geo. III.

2 3° Mali.

52t

the Court of Africa, and all the Answers given thereto " bythefiiid Officers andi Servaataetoployed by the said " Committee, and of allot her MattersandThingswhaiisoever, which shall be traoCifted by the saidiCoinraittee;" and now the Petitioners most humbly represent to this honourable House, that if there be a Foundation in Truth for the many and most gross Abuses dated to be prevalent in the Management of the Company, by which the African Trade isaflerted in the said Return to be so much impaired and endangered, the Means of Red refs and Correction have always been in the Hands of the said Commissioners themselves; and the Petitioners humbly conceive, that it is a noft unwarrantable Proceeding in the said Commissioners, who are authorized by Act of Parliament to judge the Committee Men, and to punish them if Delinquents, to ooait the Performance of this Duty, and to charge those whom tiiey liad Power to order and controul, with the Consequences of their own Neglect; and that the Po-niiliment and Remedy, appointed by Act of Parliament for such Misbehaviour as is ftuted in the said Return, is to remove the Committee Men charged therewith from their Employments; and the Mode of Proceeding prescribed by the Act is, that " whenever any Committee Man shall be charged with Misbehaviour in his Employment, the Commissioners foe Trade and Plantatio is ilia.Il summon such Committee " Man to appear before them, and shall, in same he at- tends, hear the said Committee Man, and upon his " Attendance or Default examine into the Truth of the said Charge before they shall remove him from his " Employment as aforesaid-," but the Petitioners represent to this honourable House, that the Commissioners of Trade, instead of summoning and hearing the Petitioners, and removing or acquitting them according to their D» forts, did, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, and to all the Rulesof Equity and Justice, intlitute of their own Authority afeeret Inquisition, and lid privately examine Secretary to the said Committee, and did, without any M arram from Law, as the Petitioners conceive, enjoin him to keep secret the Matters on which he had been examined; which Inja. nation the [mid Richard Camplin did comply with, ami refused to give the Petitioners any Information thereof, although by his Duty, as the confidential Servant of the African Company, he was bound to inform them of any Acoufation or Proceedings again!! them; and when the Petitioners did repeatedly desire of the Commissioners of Trade that they might have a Copy of the said Report, or the Heads thereof, the said Commissioners did absolutely re-lufe to comply with the said just and reasonable Re-queli; and that this Method of Proceeding is not only injurious to the Petitioners, but tends to niifinforui and misguide this House; the Order of this honourable House is, to lav before them a general State of the Trade to Africa: the Return is a partial State, relating only to that particular Distrfet which is under the Management of the African Committee, which the Pe>-titioners assert, must tend to produce a fallacious and dclulive State of the said Branch of Commerce; and the Petitioners most humbly conceive, that even supposing this Return did not contain Matter tending to criminate any Persons in a public Trull, yet, as a mere State of the Trade, it ought to have been formed on some Sort of Examination or Enquiry of the Committee Men, who are chiefly concerned in the Management of that Trade; by declining to make this natural, obvious, and necetlury Enquiry, and by proceeding in a secretandfurreptitious Manner, the Petitioners assert, and engage to prove, that a moll erroneous as well as imperfect State of the African Commerce, is laid before this House; for the Petitioners affirm, that the said Trade, until the Troubles in America had come to their Height, was in a most flourjlfiing and growing Condition; and that, therefore, all Causes assigned for Vot. 36.

its Decay must, as such,. be improperly assigned, the African Effect itself not existing; and that the Petitioners do Company, not assert that in such a remote and complex Object as the Trade and Settlements under the Management of the African Committee, no Abuses or Errors whatsoever do now, or have at any Time prevailed; but they do insist, that no Abuses have ever been complained of, and proved to them, to which they have not given such Remedy as the same required, or their legal Authority did admit; and they most humbly submit to the \Vifidom and Justice of this House, the mif-chievous Consequence inevitable to every Administration of public A flairs, from the higbell to the lowed,

if Persons shall be encouraged to pase over the proper Department fop Complaint and Redress of Grievances, and then to criminate, for a Defect of such Redress, that Office to which Application has never been made; and the Petitioners cannot avoid observing to this Hoafe, that, in the vast Multiplicity of Abuses, Grievances, and Mismanagements, with which the said Return is filled, scarce One Date, Place or Person is specified, so as ta enable the Petitioners to discover the Delinquents (if any Delinquents there be) or to remove the Abuse (if any Abuse exists) nor have the Commissioners of Trade thought proper to communicate to the Committee the Names of the Accusers, or the particular Circumstances of the Accusations, by which alone the Nature of the Charges could he ascertained, or their Credibility established; the Petitioners therefore do most humbly and earneftiy implore the Justice of this honourable House, that, for their present Defence and future Direction, the Whole of the Evidence on which the said Return has been founded, together with the Names of those who have wdtnefl'ed the said several Fasts, be laid before this honourable House, or be made otherwise accessible to the Petitioners, as they find themselves much injured, and the Trade under their Management greatly misrepre-fented by the said loose and general Charges; and the Petitioners lastly beg Leave to represent to this honourable House, that, in the confused Body of Matter contained in the said Return, several Things are alledged as Grievances, which the Petitioners have always ap-

prehended, and do ltill conceive, to be ftriflly legal; 4

and oilier Matters and Practices are complained of, as A

detrimental to Commerce, which the Petitioners apprehend to be extremely useful, if not necessary, to it; these last Matters the Petitioners do request Leave to state at the Bar of this honourable House, most humbly desiring the Opinion of this House on the Merits of the fame, being determined to proceed in all Things in the most exact Conformity to the Sense of this House;.

The Petitioners, therefore humbly pray. To be heard, by themselves and their Counsel, against all Charges di-refUy or indirectly made against them, or against the general Administration of the African Company, in the said Return, as also to the State of the said Trade, and to all other Matters and Things Hated in the said Return or the Papers thereto annexed, in order to obtain thereby the Exculpation of their injured Character, and such other Relief as this honourable House in its Wisdom shall think fit to give.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Return from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to the honourable House of Commons, in Consequence of the Address of the said House to His Majesty, of the 29th Day of January last, relating to the general State of the Trade to Africa, the Condition of the Forts and Settlements there, belonging to the African Company, 0 and in what Manner the several Sums of Money granted by Parliament for maintaining and supporting the fame, have been applied; and that the Petitioners be heard by themselves or Counsel before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

6 R Mr.

521

11'Mail 1777.

Discovery Mr. Stephens presented to the House, according to Longitude. Drder,a B'H for rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for promoting the Discovery of a Method for finding the Longitude at Sea, so far as relates to the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making Idler Discoveries for finding the fame, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and to the making of Experiments relating the reto: And the same was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second d ime. *

Carrying An ingrossed Bill to authorize the carrying of the Captures Captures therein mentioned into any Part of His Ma* American Dominions in North America, by such Licence

PortsT" attd‘ Warrant as is therein provided, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to authorize the carrying of the Captures therein mentioned, into any Part of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, and for ascertaining the Value of such Part of Ships and Goods as belongs to the Recaptors.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Meetings Mr. Salusbury Brereton, reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for enlarging the Times appointed "tn'dtr"*" for the first Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees for certain Acts, putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

King’s Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported ge from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it youfulered

was referred to take into Consideration His Majesty’s most gracious Message of Wediufday last, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth, viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Million, be granted to His Majesty, on Account, to defray any extraordinary Expences incurred, or to be incurred, on Account of Military Services, for the Year 1777, and as the Exigency of Affairs may require; and to enable His Majesty to make good the Charges attending the calling in and recoining the deficient Gold Coin; and that such Sum be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that the Lord North, Mr. Charles Townshend, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Mr.

Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. Robinson, and Sir Charles Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

his late Majesty, and for granting to His Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Glass in Lieu thereof and for the better collecting the Duties upon Glass; and for repealing the several Rates and Duties charged by an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, upon all Persons and Bodies Politic and Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Supply Bill; Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty cer- Auctioneer*’ tain Duties on Licences to be taken out by all Persons Liccnt«-acting as Auctioneers, and certain Rates and Duties on all Lands, Houses, Goods, and other Things, sold by Auction, and upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, Deeds, and other Instruments, be now' read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Motion wras made, and the Question being.put, African. That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Trade.

Minutes of the Evidence given to the Lords Commissioners of Trade, relative to the Trade to the Coast of Africa, on which the Return laid before this House in the present Session has been founded;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j ‘ v J 15.

51 Sir GeorgeYonge: \

Tellers for the Noes, j } 45-

So it passed in the Negative.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Ditto, the 13th Day of this Instant May, for referring to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House, the Return from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to the honourable House of Commons, in Consequence of the Address of the said House to His Majesty, of the 29th Day of January last, relating to the general State of the Trade to Africa, the Condition of the Forts and Settlements there, belonging to the African Company, and in what Manner the several Sums of Money granted by Parliament for maintaining and supporting the fame, have been applied, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion w'as made, and the Question being put.

That the said Order be discharged;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Adiournment. House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Supply Bill? Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Duty on Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Servants, Duty upon all Servants retained or employed in the *c‘ several Capacities therein mentioned; and for repealing several Rates and Duties upon Glass imposed by an Act made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of

A Bill for better securing the Duties on Soap, and Duties on the Duties on Rum of the Sugar Plantations put into Soap, fcc. Warehouses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved,

Supply Bill; Exchequer Bills.

Supply Bill; JLoucry.

The Rolls

Effete.

Ways

and

Means.

17 Geo. III.

Refulved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year Oue thou fund Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, be now read.

523

for ascertaining the Manner of discharging Bonds, given for the due Exportation of certain Goods, from Great Britain to Foreign Parts; and to oblige the Mailers of British or Irish Ships, failing from any of His Majesty’s Dominions, into The Baltic, to deliver a Manifell of their Cargoes to the British Consul residing the re.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

3° — 2 6°Matt.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House refulved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles If hitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refunied the Chair.

Sir Charles fi'hitivorthreported from the Committee

That they had gone through the Bili, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, byWay of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve inself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the w hole House, upon the Bill to repeal an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the licign of King Charles the Second, intituled, " The Matter " of the Rolls impowered to make Leases for Years, " in order to new-build the old Houses belonging to " the Rolls;" and for the better regulating the Method of granting Leases of the said Rolls Estate for the future.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

'Hie Lord Hyde took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Cliair.

The Lord Hyde reported from the Committee, That they hail examined several Witnesses; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wed-neJUay Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider lurther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Eleventh Rule in the Book of Rates, so far as the same relates to making any Allowance upon the Importation of damaged Currants and Raifms, and for making the Importer of such Goods an Abatement in the Duties, in Lieu thereof; and to permit the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West , for a Time to be limited.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent the clandestine un-shipping from, and receiving Goods at Sea on board, Vessels employed in the East India Company’s Service;

Vol. 36.

Lunce) 26° die Matt;

Anno i7* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1777.-

Prayers. .

AN ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Times appointed Meetings for the First Meetings of Commissioners or Truf- of tees for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Sef- Comnje"er* fion of Parliament, was read the Third Time. certain Acts.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An A6fc for enlarging the Times appointed for the First Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Howard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the «..... , Open Common Fields, Meadows, Dales, and Common inclosure. Fen, within the Parish of Billinghay, in the County of &c.

Lincoln; and for draining and preserving the said Dales and Common Fen, and also certain inclosed Low Lands thereto adjoining, in the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Dales, and Common Fen, within the Parish of Billinghay, in the County of Lincoln; and for draining and preserving the said Dales and Common Fen, and also certain inclosed Low Lands thereto adjoining, in the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Frederick Montagu do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Melboura several Open Fields, Carrs, Ings, or Meadow Grounds, and and Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Towm- Storthyaue {hips of Melbourn and Storthwaite, within the Manor of uc 0 urc‘ Melbourn ivish Storthwaite, in the Parish of Thornton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Carrs, lugs, or Meadow. Grounds, and Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Melbourn and Storthwaite, within the Manor of bourn with Storthwaite, in the Parish of Thornton, in

the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Mellish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.'

An ingrossed Bill for allowing further Time for In- Papists’ roll men t of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Deeds and Relief of Protestant Purchasers, was read the Third Wl113* Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill

DiscoTrry of the Longitude.

Supply Bill $ Grant ot /'.I,oooo>oooo.

Supply Bill ? Sinking Fuu<l.

Supply Bill i Exchequer

Bilb.

Importation

of

Currants,&c.<

524 26* Mali. 1777*

A Bill for rendering more effectual an Act’, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for promoting the D’ifcovery of a Method for finding the Longitude at Sea, so far as relates for the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making lesser Discoveries for finding the lame, or making other ulefnl Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and to the making of Experiments relating thereto, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned: And the kune was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, s Bill for. granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rest deed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported

from the Committee of the Whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, w’as committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Eleventh Rule in the Book of Rates, so far as the same relates to making any Allowance upon the Importation of damaged Currants and Raisins, and for making the Importer of such Goods an Abatement in the Duties, in Lieu thereof; and to permit the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom, to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in The West Indies, [or a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, 1’hat it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for explaining the 11 th Rule annexed to the Book of Rates, with respect to the Allowance to be made upon the Importation of Goods damaged in the Voyage.

Then the House fefolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him 20

to report, When the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for better securing the Duties on Soap, afnd the Duties on Rum of the Sugar Plantations put into Warehouses, be now read,

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for allowing for a limited Time, a Drawback of the Duties on Rum, shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships, in their Voyages.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took tire Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refamed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To morrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent tire clandestine unftiipping from, and receiving Goods at Sea on board, Vell’els employed in the East India Company’s Service, for ascertaining the Manner of discharging Bonds, given for the due Exportation of certain Goods, from Great Britain to Foreign Parts; and to oblige the Mailers of British or Irish Ships, failing from any of his Majesty’s

Dominions, into The Baltic, to deliver a Man heft of their Cargoes to the British Consul residing the re, be now read.

And the said Order'being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

State of the extra and contingent Charges relative to Senegambia, from ill January 1767 to

1776: And also,

Estimate of the annual Charge of Lieutenant Colonel O'Hara's Corps of Foot in Africa, from ill January 1767 to 1 d January 1776: And also,

Abstract of the Effectives, Rank and File, and wanting to compleat, of Lieutenant Colonel Commandant Charles O'Hara's Corps in the Province of -ganlhia, from the ill January 1767, to the ill January 1776, from the Monthly Returns.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the (hid Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this SelDon.

Ordered,

Duties on Soap, 4tc.

East India and Baltic Trade.

African

Settlement*

17 Geo. Ill-

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ljuery- to relblve itfolf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill Ibr raffing a certain Sum of Money, by way of Annuities, and for tiiablillting a Lottery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The I Inui’;j resolved itfdfinto the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Churles IT hi/worth look the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumedthe Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

.That they had gone through the Bill, and made'several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Charitable -An ingrossed Bill to oblige the Minister and Church* Donations, wardens, or other proper Officers, in every Parish and Place within that Part oi'Great Britain called England, to make Returns upon Oath, of all Charitable Donations for the Benefit of poor Persons within such reflect ive Pnrilhe.s or Places; diilinguishing, as far as may he, by whom, when, and in what Manner, and for what Purposes given; likewise, whether firch respective Donations were in Land or Money, and in whom now veiled, and what is the Annual Produce thereof respectively, was read the Third'lime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for procuring Accounts of all charitable Donations for the Benefit of poor Persons in the several Parishes and Places within that Partof called England.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gajeoyne presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

African N° 1. Copy of a Letter from the Committee of the Company. Company of Merchants trading to Africa, to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, dated the 30th of May 1753; inclosing,

N° 2. Copies of Two Representations from the Merchants of Bristol and trading to

Africa, complaining of the Trade carried on by the Officers of the said Company for Negroes, at the several Ports upon the Coast of Africa, and of other irregular Proceedings of the said Officers.

V 3. Copy of the Substance of Instructions intended to be sent, by the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, to the Governor of Cape Coast and other Officers upon the Coast: And also,

N° 4. Copy of die DepoGtiou of William Breton, Commander of the Ship , 16th June 175,:

And also,

N° 5. Copy of on Affidavit of David Hamilton, taken before the Mayor of Bristol, the 16th of June 1753: And also,

V 6. Copy of an Extract of a Letter from Thomas West gate to John Bast'cl, dated at

cember 14, 1752; And also,

N° 7. Copy of all Affidavit of Captain Alexander Graham, taken before the Mayor of 16th,

17.',3: And also,

V 8. Copy of John s Certificate, dated Gold

Coast of Africa March 14th, 1752: And also,

N° 9. Copy of a Letter from several Merchants of JJvcrp coir, to Mr. Thomas Chalmers, dated at poole, June 15th, 17S3: And also,

' N° 10. Copy of a Memorial of Messieurs ami Chalmers, to the Conuniftioners for 'Pride and Plantations, in Behalf of the Merchants of and

Vol. ;>(>.

5*5

Liierpoole, with respect to the Complaints exhibited by the said Merchants against the Officers and Servants of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa: And also,

N° it. Copy of the Affidavit of Merchant, relating to Disputes between him and Thomas Melville, Esquire: And also,

N° 12. Extracts of the Journal of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, containing their Proceedings on the bth, 20th, and 26th oi June 1753, upon the Representations of the Merchants of Bristol and Liver poole, trading to Africa, complaining of the Trade carried on by the Officers of the said Company for Negroes, at the several Forts noon the Coast of Africa, and other irregular Proceedings of the said Officers, as also the Resolution of the said Commissioners thereupon: And also,

N*‘i 3. Copy of a Petition of George Vaughan to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, dated February 7, 1774, stating Complaints against the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to A frica, and their Servants on the Coast; and praying the Board to take Cognizance thereof, pursuant to the- Powers vested in them by the Statute of the 23d of the late King George, Cap. 31: And also,

N° 14. Copy of a letter Horn John Pownall, Esquire, to Richard JackJ'on, Esquire, dated February 17,

1 y74, transmitting the foregoing petition of George V aughanHtydon, and desiring Mr. Jackson's Opinion

thereupon: And also,

N° 15. Copy of a Report of Richard Ef-

quire, dated the 3d of MarcA 1774, upon the foregoing Petition of George Vaughan Heydon And also,

N° 16. Copy of a Letter from David Mill, Esquire,

Governor of Cape Coast Castle, to the Committee of the

Company of Merchants trading to dated March

21, 1774, in Answer to the foregoing Petition of George

Vaughan Heydon: And also,

N° 17. Extracts from the Journal of the Proceedings of the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, on the 14th of February, the 17th and 21st of March and 25th of October 1774, upon the Petition of George Vaughan Heydon.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Return from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to the Honourable House of Commons, iri Consequence of the Address of the said"

House to His Majesty, of the 29th Day of January last, relating to the general State of the Trade to 4/Wca, the Condition of the Forts and Settlements there, belonging to the African Company, and in what Manner the several Sums of Money granted by Parliament, for maintaining and suppbrting the fame, have been applied.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill j to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, duties on upon die Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty upon all Servwwts retained Or employed in the several Capacities thtertin mentioned; and forrepealing several Rates and Dories upon Glass, imposed by an Act made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and for granting to His Majesty other Rates a.nd Duties upon Glass in Lieu thereof, and for the better collecting the Duties upon Glass: and for repealing the several Rates and Duties charged by an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Y'ear of the Reign of his said late Majesty, upon all Persons and Bodies Politic and Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolveditself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

6 S Sir

26° Mail

African

Company.

Life

Annuities.

Supply Bill; Auctioneers’ Licences.

Harry’s 1 Debt to tke Crown

2<S° — 27' Mail. A. 1777-

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Clmir.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee; That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 15th Day of this Inliant for the House to

resolve itlelfinto a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow, to consider of the Return from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to the honourable House of Commons, in Consequence of the Address of the said House to His Majesty, of the 29th Day of January la.lt, relating to the general State of the Trade to Africa, the Condition of the Forts and Settlements there, belonging to the African Company, and in what Manner the several Sums of Money granted by Parliament, for maintaining and supporting the fame, have been applied, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

lit faired. That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve illelf into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to regulate Annuities for Lives, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Refolced, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by all Persons acting as Auctioneers, and certain Rates and Duties on all Lands, Houses, Goods, and other Things, sold by Auction, and upon indentures, Leases, Bonds, Deeds, and other Jnltruments, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly’;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is > 2 70 die;

Anno 170 Georgii Regis, 1777

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for varying and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to or near Middlewich and Nantwich, in the County of Chester-, without^my Amendment: And also The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, several Commons,

Moors, or Waste Grounds, and Open Common Fields, in the Township of Barnsley, within the Parish of Silkjton, in the County of York -, without any Amendment: Aud also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Fourteenth ClerkenwdI Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An °av"*

" Act for paving, repairing, lighting, and watching, the

" Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within

" that Part of the Parish of Clerke called

" James's, and removing Obstructions and Annoyances

" therein, for widening the Passage from Clerkenwell

" Green to the Parish Church; and for watching and

" lighting certain Highways within the said Parish;"

for repairing the Highways in the said Parish, and 1

cleansing the said Part of the said Parish; for widen- I

ing the Passage from Clerkemoell Close to

Street, and from Rofoman’s Street to Saint John Street;

and for building a Chapel in the said Parish; without

any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Kenfingtoa for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Poor.

Parish of Saint MaryAbbotls, Kenfinglon, in the County of Middlesex; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Kino, for the more easy and speedy Recovery’ of Small Debts, Small Debt* within the several Parishes of Surfleet, Gosberton, Quad- ring, Donington, Bicker, Swinefield,

Algarkirk, Fojdike, Kirton, FramptonWilber ton, and Brothertoft, within the Hundred of Kirton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act prefer ratim to rellrain Apprentices, Tradesmen, and other unqua- of Game; lifted Persons, from destroying the Game in that Part Scotland, of Great Britain called Scotland; and for granting to Proprietors of Lands in Scotland further Powers with Regard to killing of Game; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Com- stoke mon Meadow, Stinted Pallure, and Commonable Iaclofura. Lands, within the Parish of Earl Stoke, in the County of Wilts; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Meffeogers withdrew.

Chester

Navigation,

ELsrnfley

Iitcloftuc,

St. Janet*

Praykks.

AN ingrossed Bill to enable the Lords Cornmif-jfL Honors of Mis Majesty’s Treasury to compound a Debt due to the Crown, from the Ellate of William Harry, deceased, and his Sureties, was read the Third Time.

Btfohrd, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to compound a Debt due to the Crown, from the Ellate of Harry, deceased,

and his Sureties.

Ordered, That Mr. Adam Drummond do carry the llill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Jfofordand Mr. IJelt:

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Difernery a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for _ renderingmore effectual an Act, made in the Fourteenth "),*g,tuda Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for promoting the Discovery of a Method for finding the Longitude at Sea, so far as relates to the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making lesser Discoveries for finding the fame, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and to the making of Experiments relating thereto.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered,

G°ogIe

17 Geo. III. 270 Mali.

Property Right of Engravings.

E*r!

Stoke

Inclosure.

Supply BUI; Loucry*

"Btties on tap, kc*

Importation

of

Currant*,

kc.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for more elsertually securing the Property of Prints to Inventors and Engravers, by enabling them to sue for and recover Penalties in certain Cafes, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments in at the Clerk’s Table: "Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question feveruily put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration, the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadow, Stinted Pasture, and Commonable l-ands, within the Parish of Earl , in the County of Wilts.

And the said Amendment was read; and isasfollow-eth; viz.

Pr. 6. 1. 15. After the Word " Seveu " insert " or " as soon after as conveniently may " be."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Qiteliion put thereupon, agreed to by the l louse.

Ordered, That Mr. Owen of Pembroke do carry the Bill to the Lords , and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by W ay of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Rill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and thru a Second Time One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bdl.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Whitxeorth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for better securing the Duties on Soap, and the Duties on Hum of the Sugar Plantations put into Warehouses, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, wereagreed to oy the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, ingrossed.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported

from the Committee of the whole I louse, to whom the Bill for repealing the Eleventh Rule in the Book of Rates, so far as the same relates to making any Allowance upon the Importation of damaged Currants

Vol, 36.

and Raisins, and for making the Importer of suchl Goods an Abatement in the Duties, in Lieu thereof; and to permit the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the Sugar Colonies or

Plantations in The West Indies, for a Time to be limited, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be’ ingrossed.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent the clandestine unshipping from, and receiving Goods at Sea on board, Vessels employed in the East India Company’s Service; for ascertaining the

Manner of discharging Bonds, given for the due Ex-

fortation of certain Goods, from Great Britain to 'oreign Parts; and to oblige the Mailers of British or Irish Ships, failing from any of His Majesty’s Dominions, into rThe Baltic, to deliver a Manifest of their Cargoes to the British Consul residing the re, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second lime One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, b® ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-Seven, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Ixians or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy seven.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the BUI to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. John S/icolbred do. Tomorrow Morning, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Return from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to the honourable House of Commons, in Consequence of the Address of the said House to His Majesty of the 29th Day of January Jail, relating to the general State of the Trade to Africa, the Condition of the Forts and Settlements there, belonging to the African Company, and in what Manner the several Sums of Money granted by Parliament for maintaining and supporting the fame, have been applied.

Ordered, That Captain John Hyde do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Captain Robert Martin do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Captain John Hay do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Gilbert Ross, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That James Mill, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That James Bradley, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered,

East India and Baltic Trade#

Supply Bill) Exchequer Bill*.

African,

Company,

528 27 — 28° Mali. . 1777.

Ordered, That Mr. Anthony Calvert do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Adam Bannerman do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Miles do attend the said

Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Tern) Kicman do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. G. Olive do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. T. Barnes do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. A. Jones do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. J. do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. T. Vaughan do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. J. Carruthers do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. J. do attend the said

Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. J. Fayrer do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. R. Norris do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. J. Bogle French do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Richard Camplin, Esquire, Secretary to the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Supply Bill; A Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Grant of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein men-C- 1,000,000. tioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bi’l; a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of in ingFund ^joney# out of t^e Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into aCommitteeof the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Auctioneer*’ to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Licences, upon the Bill for granting toHis Majesty certain Duties on Licenses to be taken out by all Persons acting as Auctioneers, and certain Rates and Duties on ail Lands, Houses, Goods, and other Things, sold by Auction, and upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, Deeds, and other Instruments, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whit north reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That there be laid bffore this House, the Africa^ Evidence and Ground of Proceeding of the African Company. Committee, upon the Complaint against Richard Miles, and the Proceedings touching the Relloration of the said Richard Miles.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty upon all Servants retained or employed &c. in the several Capacities therein mentioned; and for repealing several Rates and Duties upon Glass impoCed by an Act made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and for granting to His Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Glass in lieu thereof, and for the better collecting the Duties upon Glass; and for repealing the several Rates and Duties charged by an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, upon all Persons and Bodies Politic and Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 28° dMaii\

Anno 17* Georgii III*" Regis, 1777.

Prayers.

N ingrossed Bill for better securing the Duties on . Soap, and the Duties on Rum of the Sugar Plantation* put into Warehouses, was read the Third ’ Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: and that the Title be. An Act for better securing the Duties on Soap, and the Duties on Rum of the Sugar Plantations put into Warehouses: and for allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum flipped as Stores, to be consumed on board Merchant Ships in their Voyages, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whido carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent the clandestineunship- £ ping from, and receiving Goods at Sea on board, Jailil " Vessels, employed in the East India Company’s Service; Bainc

for ascertaining the Manner of discharging Bonds, given for the due Exportation of certain Goods, from Great Britain to Foreign Parts; and to oblige the Mahers of British or Irish Ships, failing from any of His Majesty’s Dominions, into the Baltic, to deliver a Manifest of their Cargoes to the British Consul residing the re, was. read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.: And that the Title be. An Act to prevent the clandestine uulhipping from, and receiving Goods at Sea on board, Vella is employed in the East India Company’s Service; for ascertaining the Manner ofdi scharging Bonds given for the due Exportation of certain Goods from Great Britain to Foreign Parts, and to oblige the Mailers of British or Irifi Ships, failing from any of His Majesty s Do- J

minions, into the Baltic, to deliver a Manifest of their Cargoes to the British Consul residing the re.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whit north do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing the Eleventh Rule in jraDrr11(i);J the Book of'Rates, so far as the same relates to mak- ‘ ol ing any Allowance upon the Importation of damaged Cu ring Currants and Railing and for making the Importer of

fuel:

17 Geo. III. 28 0 Mail.529

such Goods an Abatement in the Duties, in lieu , That the Bill, with the Amendment, be

thereof; and to permit the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West for a Time

io be limited, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repealing the Eleventh Rule in the Book of Rates, so far as the same relates to making any Allowance upon the Importation of damaged Currants and Raisins, and for making the Importer of such Goods an Abatement in the Duties, in Lieu thereof; and for explaining the said Rule with respect to such Allowance for Damage on other Goods; and to permit the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Propfrty An ingrossed Bill for more effectually securing the fci^ht of Property of Prints to Inventors and Engravers, by mravings. enabling them to sue for and recover Penalties in certain Cafes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act for more effectually securing the Property of Prints to Inventors and Engravers, by enabling them to sue for and recover Penalties in certain Cafes.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desiro their Concurrence.

Arvount; The House being informed that Mr. Roue, from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door; lie was called in; and, at the Bar, preferred to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duty upon Glass, for Ten Years, ending the 5th July 1776; diiiinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Tule of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Hell:

- Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to allow the Mailer Dyers, within the Counties of Mid-. dlesex, E/Jix, Surrey, and Kent, to employ Journeymen

in their Trade, who have not served Apprenticelliips thereto; without any Amendment: And also.

Hat The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

lAatmia&ory. for the better regulating the Hat Manufactory; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

IRfcmuj Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from of she 7 the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Loagitade. for rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for promoting the Discovery of a Method for finding the Longitude at Sea, so far as relates to the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making Idler Discoveries for finding the fame, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and to the making of Experiments relating thereto, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Vol. 36.

ingrotTed.

Mr. Eden presented to the House, pursuant to the- ‘ Militia. Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

Copies of the Annual Returns of the Militia, at the Time of Annual Exercise, in the Year 1776: And also.

Copies of such Qualifications of the Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, for the Year 1776; as have been transmitted to His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State. *

Together with Lists of the said Papers.

And the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House- Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Grant of upon the Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Surri-£*>000,000. of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein.' mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.;

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made federal Amendments thereunto; which they had direct.d him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday,

Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply BUI; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House*' upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, out of the Sinking Fund; and for. applying certain Monies, therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for applying such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be paid into the Exchequer by the Executors of the late Henry Lord Holland, formerly Paymaster General ,of His Majesty’s Forqes.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,.

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the Adjournment. House this Day, adjourn till Friday Morning next.

6 T Sir

53° 28° Mail. \ 1777.

Supply Bill} Sir Charles Whitworthaccording to Order, reported S»vantL from the Committee of the whole I louse, to whom the *c. Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty upon all Servants retained or employed in the several Capacities therein mentioned; and for repealing several Rates and Duties upon Glass imposed by an Act made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and for granting to His Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Glass in lien thereof, and for the better collecting the Duties upon Glass; and for repealing the several Rates and Duties charged by an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, upon all Persons and Bodies Politic and Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 16. 1. 17. being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were dif-agreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fo. 16.1.17. was read a Second Time.

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

t r 4l v 1 Sir Charles ? ca

Tellers for the Yeas, } 68'

Tellers for the Noes, j } 34-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that nothing therein contained shall extend to authorize the Surveyor or Assessor to enter any Dwelling House, Outhouse, or Garden, on Pretence of discovering the Number of Servants.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to punish the Surveyor or Assessor for making a false and vexatious Surcharge.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill, as far as Fo. 17. I. 10.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the Bill, in Fo. 17. 1. 11. by inserting after the Word " served" the Words " and that the said Assessors or " Surveyors respectively shall bring Evidence in Support of such further Charge as shall be so made;"

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Then several other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

gupntv Bill; Sir Charles Whitworthy according to Order, reported A«Aio' eers* from the Committee of ilie whole House, to whom Licence*. t|je 3j]| for granting to Mis Majesty certain Duties on Licences to he taken out by all Persons acting as

*5

Auctioneerfe, and certain Rates and Duties on all Lands,

Houses, Goods, and other Tilings, sold by Auction, and upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, Deeds, and other Instruments, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they* had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by . the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for in-flifting a Penalty on Persons executing Policies of Insurance not damped.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which beiBg filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Camplin, from African the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading Company, to Africa, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order.

The Evidence and Ground of Proceeding of the African Committee, upon the Complaint against Richard Miles.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Return from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to the honourable House of Commons, in consequence of the Address of the said House to His Majesty of the 29th Day of January last, relating to the general State of the Trade to the Condition of the Forts and Settlements there, belonging to the African Company, and in what Manner the several Sums of Money granted by Parliament for maintainingandsupporting the fame, have been applied.

N. B. The said Papers were, by a subsequent Order of the House of the Second Day of June, re-delivered to the proper Officer.

A Petition of Gregory Olive, John Taylor Vaughan, Africa* Arthur Jones, and James Bogle French, was presented Compauj* to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are of the Nine Persons annually chosen by the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, constituted by an Act of the 23d of George ’the Second, and are 1 ruflees to receive, apply, and account for, the Monies granted by Parliament for Support and Maintenance of the Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, and to superintend the Conduct of that Company’s Servants, to whose Care those Forts are committed, subject to the Controul of the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, who are by that Act directed, upon Complaint of Milbohaviour in

any of the said Committee, to examine into the Cause

7

of Complaint, and, after hearing of the Party in his Defence, to dismiss him from his Office if he shall appear to have deferred such Ptmishment; and that, to the heft of the Petitioners Information, Jieeol-lection, and Belief, th re has not been, from the Time of that Company’s being formed, now Twenty-seven Years, a Angle Instance of the Dismission of any of the Committee; nor has there been, for some Years past, any Complaint to them, of the Behaviour of the Company’s Servants; and the Petitioners, conscious of their own Integrity, and fully persuaded of that of the rest of the present Committee, take upon them to

aver.

African

Company.

17 Geo. III. 28* Mtiii. 531

aver, not only the Whole are innocent, but have executed the Functions of their Office with the greatest Fidelity, and to the Extent of their Ability; notwithstanding which, the Petitioners have the Grief to observe, a Paper has been laid before the House, intituled, " A Return made by the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to the honourable House of Commons, relating to the general State of the Trade to Africa, &c. &c.H purporting, that the African Committee, and other the said Company’s Servants, have been guilty of great Malversation and Mismanagement, without dating either the Names of the Accusers, or any Circumstances of the Accusations sufficient to enable the Persons also indiscriminately accusedtomanifefttheiiTnnocence; and the Petitioners apprehend themselves bound to observe, the said Return contains many Matters, dated as Abuses, which are not so; and that the Mode of Enquiry, adopted by the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, has been very unusual, and, as the Petitioners cou-ceive, highly unwarrantable; the Committee having be^n refused to be heard, either in Explanation or Defence, touching the Allegations in the said Return; their Secretary, attending with their Books and Papers by their Orders, having been enjoined Secrecy by the said Lords Commissioners in this Matter of public Enquiry; and the whole Evidence on which the said Return dands founded having been takeu in private, and remaining concealed; and the Petitioners are further impelled, by Desire of performing their Duty, to aver the direct Tendency of the said Return is to mifinfonn, misrepresent, and raidead; all which they attribute to the Committee not having been permitted to confront the Accusers, nor examined in Reply to the Accusations: And therefore praying the House will order the whold of the Evidence taken by the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, in the Course of this Enquiry, may be produced, and made accessible to the Petitioners; and that they may be heard, by themfol.es or Counsel, at the Bar of the House, concerning the same and the said Return, on. the Part of themselves and the red of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Return from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to the honourable House of Commons, in Consequence of the A Idress of the said House to His Majesty of the 20th Day of January lad, relating to the general State of the Trade to Africa, the Condition of the Forts and Settlements there, belonging to the Company, and in what Manner the several Sums of Money granted by Parliament for maintaining and supporting the fame, have been applied; and that the Petitioners be hewd, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

The House being informed that Mr.

Secretary to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, attended at the Door, with Papers relating to the Trade of Africa, directed to be laid before this House by His Majesty’s Command; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Copy of the Minutes of the Evidence given to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, relative to the Trade to the Coad of Africa, on which the Return laid before this House in (lie present Session has been founded.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper be referred to th® Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred. to eondder of the Return from the Commit* doners for Trade and Plantations, to the honourable!' Vo L.36.

House of Commons in Consequence of the Address of the said House to His Majesty of the 29th Day of January lad, relating to the general State of the Trade to Africa, the Condition of the Forts and Settlements there, belonging to the African Company, and in what Manner the several Sums of Money granted by Parliament for maintaining and supporting the fame, have been applied.

The said Paper is preferred amongd the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Return from the Commissioners for Trade suid Plantations, to the honourable House of Commons, in Consequence of the Addrefc of the said House to His Majesty of the 29th Day of January lad, relating to tire general State of the Trade1 to Africa, the Condition of the Forts and Settlements, there, belonging to the African Company, and in what! Manner the several Sums of Money granted by Parliament for maintaining and supporting the fame, have been applied, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Henri/ Hoghton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Henry Hoghton reported from the Committee, That they had examined a Witness, and made a Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may hare I cave to fit again.

Resolved, That tills House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Return from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to the honourable House of Commons, in Consequence of the Address of the said House to His Majesty of the 29th: Day of January last, relating to the general State of the Trade to Africa, the Condition of the Forts and Settlements there, belonging to the African Company^ and in what Manner the several Sums of Money-granted by Parliament for maintaining and supporting the fame, have been applied.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the' said Committee upon Friday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, " The Mailer of the Rolls " iaapowered to make Leases for Years, in order to " new-build the old Houses belonging to the Rolls;" and for the bettec regulating the Method of granting Leases of the said Roils Eilat e for the future, was committed, be received upon Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to regulate Annuities for Lives.

And then the House ad journed till Friday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

African

Company.

The Roll* Estate,

53*

3 o' Mali.

A.

r777'

Supply Bill; A

y. n. I

Vetitris, 30° *//> Maii\

Anno 17* Georgii III*4* Regis, 1777.

Prayers.

ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Sum of

Lottery,

Supply Bill; Duty ou Servants, See.

Money, by Way of Annuities, and for establiflx-ing a Lottery, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

Ordered, That Mr. Robinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty aipon all Servants retained or employed in the several Capacities therein mentioned; and for repealing several Rates and Duties upon Glass imposed by an Act made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and for granting to His Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Glass in lieu thereof, and for the hetter collecting the Duties upon Glass; and for repealing the several Rates and Duties charged by an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, upon all Persons and Bodies Politic and Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to except the Royal llospitals.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty upon all Servants retained or employed in the several Capacities therein mentioned; and for repealing ie-veral Rates and Duties upon Glass imposed by an ^.ft made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and for granting to His Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Glass in Lieu thereof, and for the better collecting the Duties upon Glass; and for repealing the several Rates and Duties charged by an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, upon all Persons and bodies Politic and Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate.

Ordered, That Mr. Robinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply Bill; AuAioneers* Licences.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by all Per-Ibns acting as Auctioneers, and certain Rates and Duties on all Lands, Houses, Goods, and other Things, sold by Auction, and upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, Deeds, and other Instruments, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by all Persons acting as Auctioneers, and certain Rates and Duties on all Lands, Houses, Goods, and other 'Things, sold by Auction, and upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, Deeds, and other Instruments.

Ordered, That Mr. Robinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, ;uid desire their Concurrence.

Discovery of the Longitude.

An ingrossed Bill for rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for promoting the Discovery of a Method for finding the Longitude at Sea, so far as relates to the Encouragement and Reward of Persons

l5

making lesser Discoveries for finding the fame, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and to the making of Experiments relating thereto, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for rendering more effectual an Asti made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for promoting the Discovery of a Method for finding the Longitude at Sea, so far as relates to the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making lesser Discoveries for finding the fame, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and to the making of Experiments relating thereto.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whit do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Hyde, according to Order, reported from The Roll* the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Estate. to repeal an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign, of King Charles tlufSecond, intituled, " The Mailer " of the Rolls impowered to make Leases for Years,

" in order to new-build. the old Houses belonging to the Rolls;" and for the better regulating the Me-, thod of granting Leases of the said Rolls Estate for the future, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them werq disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to_ several of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Supply Bill; from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Grant of the Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum Gf One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, wdtli the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Supply B-1I; from the Committee of the whole House, to whom. Sinking Fund the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of;

the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the.

Report in his Place; ami afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at 1 lie Clerk’s Table: Where; the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. *.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and M r.Hctt:

Mr.

i7 Geo. III.

30 9:Maii.

533

Cantley

ludofure.

I id i co.

Offices and Employ menu.

Meetings

of

Commufioeen under cmish Acts.

PapiJU Deeds tod Willi.

Carrying

Captures

ioro

American

Ports.

Harry’s Debt to the Crown.

Bricks

and

Tiles.

Bfllinghay

loctolure,

dec.

Mriboura

and

S?crtnwa*te

laclolure.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and incloTing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pallures, Common's, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Beffacarr, and High Ellers, within the several Manors of Bf'amptun and Bejfacarr, in the Parish of Cant ley, in the West Riding of the County of York-, without any " Amendment: And also,

T he Ix>rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, relating to encouraging the making of Indico in the British. Plantations in America; to the registering the Prices at which Corn is fold in the several Counties of Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and imported; to encouraging the manufacturing of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shill exceed a certain Rate; to the allowing Timber hud Wood to be exported from the Island of Dominica, into any other of the British I (lands. Colonies, or Plantations, in America; and to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage; without any Amendment: And also,

The I»rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify such Persons as hive omitted to qualify (heml'elves for Offices and Employments ? and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admilfions have been omitted to be damped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Admilfions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Pbrfons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerks to AttOrnies mid Solicitors; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Times appointed for the first Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees, for putting in execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment» And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills mdde by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the BiH, intituled, An Act to authorize the carrying of the Captures therein mentioned into any Part of His Majesty’s Dominions in XorthAmerica-, and for ascertaining the Value of

such Part of Ships and Goods as belong to the Re-captor*; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the BiH, intituled, An Act, to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to compound a Debt due to the Crown from the Estate of William Harry, deceased, and his Sureties; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing Abuses in the makmgandvending Brick? and Tiles; without any Amendment r And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Dales, and Common Fen, within the Parish of Billi-ghay, in the County of Lincoln; and for draining and preserving the said Dales and Common Fen, and also certain inclosed Low Lands thereto' adjoining, in the said Parish; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Carrs, Ings, or Meadow Grounds, and Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Towirlltips of Melbowni and Vol. 36:

Storthcuaaite, within th6 Mafior of with

thwaite, in the Parish of Thornton, in the East Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment:

And also;

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Shapwick Act for dividing and inclosing the Common or focltftuxe. Welle Ground called Shapwick Moor, or Shapwick Turf Moor, in the Parish of Shdpr in the County of Somerset-, withfome Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Hoafe.

And then the Messengers withdrew.-

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration. ’

And the said Amendments were read; and are as; followeth; vix.

Press 40. 1. 33. Leave out Bristol," and insert " Bath and Welk." .

Profs 47. 1. 7. After* made" insert Clauses "A"-and " B."

Glause A. " Provided always, and be it further *. Enacted, That after the said Common or Waste Ground shall " have been set out, divided, allotted, and infclosed, by v irtue of this Act, th6 several Persons to whom the fanie shall be allotted, or any " of them, shall not, by virtue, or " in respect, or Right of any Lands,

Tenements, Cottages, Hereditaments, or Premises, in the Parish " of Shapwick, hare or enjoy any Right of Common whatsoever,

oft the Commons or Waste u Grounds called Ashcott,

" Walton Moore, and Street Moore,'

dr any or either of them."

Clause B; Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend be construed to extend to pro*

" jndiee, defeaf; or lefTen, the Right of Gomulbn of any Perfftn " or Persons whomsoever, upon all " or any Part of fh£ Common or " Wdfle Land by this Act intend- ed to be divided and inclosed, for dr in respect of any Messuage,

" Cottage, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the 'Parishes of Glastonbury, Walton,

Asheott, and Street, in the said County of Somerset, or either of " them."

The said Amendments being fevferally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put there- Upon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Harbord Harbord do carry thd Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lotd-ships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Hat Mantx-factory.

Arid the said Amendment was read; and is as fbf^ loweth; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 18. After " repealed," insert " Provided " always, and be it further Enact-! ed, That every Matter Hat MaW shall and is hereby required tft take and employ One Journey* " man Hatter for every ApprertJ " tice he shall employ in the Trade. " of Hat-making; Provided therst " shall be a sufficient Number of 6 U Journeymen

HattCfSf

regulating the Trade.

v

D ' ized by

534

3o° Maii.-tf Junii.

1777,

Journeymen Hatters, who have served as Apprentices to the said " Trade, offer themselves for that " Employment; or in Default' " thereof he shall for ever thereafter be disabled from taking' " more than Two Apprentices to " the said Trade, in such Manner " as he would have been, if this " Act had not been made."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, -was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Colonel do carry the Bill to

the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House bath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordlliips.

Adjournment. Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

African Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Company, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Return from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to the Honourable House of Commons, in consequence of the Address of the said, House io His Majesty of the 29th Day of January last, relating to the general State of the Trade to Africa, the Condition, of the Forts and Settlements

there, belonging, to the African Company, and in what Manner the (Several Sums of Money granted by Parliament, for mtdntaining and supporting the fame, have been applied, be now read. ~

.And the said Orders being, read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petition of- the Committee of t^e Company of Merchants trading to , be referred

to, the said Committee,

Ordered, Thaitthe $tate, of the extra and contingent Charges relative to Senegambia; from tft January 1767 . to m January 1776, b^ referred to the said Committee. ,;

./ Oraered, That the Estimate of the Annual Charge of ...Lieutenant Colonel O'tiara's Corps of Foot in Africa, from 1 ft January 1767 to iii January 1776, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Abstractof the Effectives, Rank ‘. and File, and wanting to complete, of Lieutenant Co lonel Commandant Charles O'Hara's Corps, in the Pro-‘ yince of Senegambia, from the ill 176710 the iff January 1776, from the Monthly Returns, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Papers which were presented to the House upon the 2 5 th Day of February last, relative to the State and Condition of the Forts and Settlements on the Coolt of Africa, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

SirL Henry Hoghton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Henry Hoghton reported from the Committee,

That they had examined another Witness; and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Henry Hoghton accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read jn his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as fol-foweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Words following, in the Return from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, namely,

" That a private Trade, directly tending to a Monopoly, hath been set up and established by the Governors and Chiefs of the Forts in Africa; and that this " private Trade, so injuriousto the Interests of the Pub* " lie, hath been carried on by them in Conjunction "with Persons at Home, some one or more of whom " diave, at the same Time, been Members of the Com* " mittee above mentioned," do not relate to any of the Nine Members who constitute the present Committee of Merchants trading to Africa.

Resolved, That (it appearing to this Committee, as well from the Return of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, as -from the Evidence produced itt support thereof, that several Abuses are alledged to prevail in the Manner of carrying on the Trade of the Gold Coast wa6. Whydah) \t is the Opinion ofth is Committee, That the same may deserve the Attention and future Consideration of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

agreed to by the House.;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give-Dil'eftions to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to take under their Consideration any Proposals or Plans that may be laid before them, for the better supporting the Forts, preserving, improving, and extending the general Trade of Great Britain to Africa, between Port Sallee, in South Barbary, to the Cape of Good Hope; and to report to this House, early in the next Session of Parliament, such Propositions or Plans as the said Commissioners shall judge moll proper to answer the aforesaid Purposes;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the House' do now adjourn;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the House accordingly adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lun*) 20 Junii;

Anno 17* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1777.

P a a r e a s.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raffing a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the if ear One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better securing the Duties on Soap, and the Duties on Rum of the Sugar Plantations put into Warehouses; and for allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum, shipped as Stores to be consumed.on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages, for a limited Time; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing the Eleventh Rule in the Book of Rates, so far as the same relates to making any Allowance upon the Importation of damaged Currants and Raisins, and for making the Importer of such Goods an Abatement in the Duties, in lieu thereof; and for

explaining

African

Company.

Supply Bill; Exchequer Bill*.

Duti<?on Soap, 4c.

Importation

of

Currants,

6c.

East India and Baltic Trade.

Ha% Src.

lUdiTts: es;

preventing

Fuuds.

Sinrftret

Iack>sure.

Warwick

Gaol

Manners

and

Seamtn.

Mae End

Nightly

Watch.

A S'ton Keynes lnciufr e.

lfk

Mmmi Out.

Royal Afltrr>t to Biils.

17 Geo. III. 2°

535

explaining the said Rule with respectto such Allowance for Damage on other Goods; and to permit the Exportation of Tobacco-Pipe Clay from this Kingdom, to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, for a limited Time; without any Amendment: And ali’o.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the clandestine unshipping from, and receiving Goods at Sea on board, Vessels employed in the East India Company’s Service; for ascertaining the Manner of discharging Bonds given for the due Exportation of certain Goods from Great Britain to foreign Parts and to oblige the Matters of British or Irish Ships failing from any of Mis Majesty’s Dominionsinto the Btdtic, to deliver a Manifest of their Cargoes to the British Con-fid residing the re; without any Amendment: And also, '

The Lords have agreed to the Bill,- intituled, An Act for amending and rendering more effectual the several Laws now in being for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats* and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, lion, leather. Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures; and also for making Provisions to prevent Frauds by Journeymen Dyers j without any Amendment: And also, *.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,' An Act for dividing and inclottug the Common Fen, Common Marsh, Common Fields, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Surfleet, in the County of Iftitcohi ;» without

any Amendment: And also, >

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the public Gaol of the'Courtty of Warwick; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also, -

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Supply of Mariuers ;and Seamen to serve in His Majesty’sSbips of War, and on board Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed |o the Bill, intituled, An Act for establishing a Nightly Watch within the Hamlet of Mile End Old Town, in the Parish of Saint Dunstan, Stepney, otherwise Stebonheatk, in the County of Mid-alefex: without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, iulituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Qpen and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Grounds, in the-Mdnor and Parish of Ashton Keynes, in the County; without any Amendment: And also, .♦

Thq Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further continuing an . AS, passed in the-Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, " An " AS to prohibit the Importation of Foreign-wrought Silks and Velvets, for a limited Tijne; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workttnen " employed in the Silk Manufacturewithout any Amendment.

And then the MclTengers withdrew.

A Message by Sir Francis. Molyneux, Gentleman Ullier of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to'several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned; , /

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, bad been at the House of VoL. 36.

Peers; where a Coirtroilfiort: under the Great Seal Was read;: giving* declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several public and private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor* of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Rbyal Alfenf to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Earl Harcourt, named also in the said. Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth,; viz. s

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money* by Loans Or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year* One thousand: Seven hundred and Seventy-feveu.

An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to-j serve in His Majesty’s Ships, of War, and on board Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels: . > , ' .-

An Act to authorize the carrying, of the Captures therein mentioned into any Part of His Majesty’s. Dominions in North America; and for ascertaining this Value of such Part of Ships and Goods as-.behing tq the Re-captors: >[

An Act to prevent the clandeflane imfliipping fromi and receiving Goodsafc Sea bh board,' Vessels employed in the East India Company’s Service; for.ascertaining the Manner of discharging Bonds given for thedue Exportation-of certainGoods from Great Britaintofordign Parts; and to dblige the Masters of Brifi/hgr Irish Ships failing from any of His Majesty’s. Dominions into the Baltic, to deliver a Manifest of their 'Cargoes to the British Consul reading the re. ' -

An Act for repealing* the Eleventh Rule in the Boole^ of Rates, so far as the same relates to making ariy Alt lowance upon 'the Importation of damaged Currants and' Raisins* and: for making the Importer of such Goods an! Abatement in the\ Duties, in lieu thereof; and far explaining the said Rule* with respect to such AllowaricC for Damage on Other Goods; and to permit the Exportation; of Tobacco-Pipe Clay from this Kingdom; to the RriYj/ASugar Colonies or Plantations in thtW^fl-Indies, for <a limited Time:

1 An Act for better securing the Duties oil Soap* and the Duties on Rum of the Sugar Plantations put into Warehouses; and for allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores, to be contained on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages, for a limited Time': .

An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, relating to encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America; to the registering the Prices at which Corn is fold in Ihe several Counties of Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and imported; to encouraging the manufacturing of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate; to the allowing Timber and Wood to be exported from the Island:of Dominica into any other :of the British Islands, Colonies, or Plantations,- in America: and to the allowing Bounty on the Exportation of Briti/k-maiAe Cordage:

An Act for further continuing an Act; passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to prohibit :the. Importation of Foreign* " wrought Silks and Velvets, for a limited Time* arid " for preventing unlawful. Combinations of Workmen " employed in the Silk Manufacture; > . t.

An1 Act to allow the Master Dyers, within the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, and Kent, to.employ Journeymen in their Trade, who have not fefyed Apprenticeships thereto.

An Act for preventing Abuses in the making and vending Bricks and Tiles;

An

tea,.

Royal A (Tent to Bait.

i® Junii.

.1777.

An Act for allowing furdier Time for Inrolment of Deed* and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Profestant Purchasers:

An Act for enlarging the Times appointed for the First Meetings of Commissioners, or Trustees, for putting in execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament:

An Act to indemnify such Persons a* have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be llamped according to Law, or having been llamped, have been loll or outlaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly llamped; and to give further Tjroe |o such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerka to Attornies ajid Solicitors:

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual the several Laws now in being for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, linen, Fqftian, Cotton, iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Fkqc, Mohair, and Silk Manuftutures j and also for piaking Provision* to prevent Frauds by Journeymen Dyers:

An ‘Aft to enable' the Lords Commissioners of His Majest*!* Treasury to compound a Debt due to the Crown iroai' the Estate of WUHam Harry, deceased, and his Sureties:'

An Act for enlarging the Public Gaol of the County ,af Warwick; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Dales, and Common Fen, within the P-ariOt of Biltinghay, in the County of Lincoln; and for draining and preferring the said Dales and Common Fen, and atfo certain indofed Low Lands thereto adjoining, in the said Parish:

' An 'Act for varying and enlarging the Powers of an Act, ..made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a navigable Cut, or Canal from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to or near Middlewick and Nantwich, in the County of Chester:

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary Abbotts,

in the County of Middlesex j and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for establishing a Nightly Watch within the Hamlet of Mile End Old. Tin the Parish of Saint

Dtunftan Stepney, otherwise in the County of Middlesex t

An Act to>exp)ain and amend an Act, made in the 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

*’ An Act for paving, repairing, lighting, and watching,

" the Streets, and other public Passages and Places,

within, that Part of the Parish of Cierkcnwell called Saint James’s, and removing Obllruftions and Annoyances therein; for widening the Passage from ,f Clenkenwell Green to the Parish Church; and for watching and lighting certain Highways within the

Ibid Parish for repairing: the: Highways in the said Parish, and cleansing the said Part of the said Parish; for widening the Pafl’age from Clerkenwell Close to Rofotnan's Street, and from Rofoman’s Street to Saint John Street-, and for building a Chapel in the said ‘Parish:

An Act for vesting an undivided Moiety of certain Freehold and Copyhold Estates, late of Dame Elizabeth

Pettus, deceased, in Truliees, to convey and surrender the same respectively, purfoant to an Agreement lor 16

die Sale thereof; and for laving out the Money in the Purchaseof other I^ands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, several Commons, Moors, or Waste Grounds, and Open Common Fields, in the Township of within,

die Parish of Silkston, in the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common'

Fields, Common Meadow, Stinted Pasture, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Earl Stoke, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paliures, and other Commonable Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Ashton Keynes, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fen,

Cdbtmon Marlli, Common Fields, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Surfleet, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Waste Ground, within the To wnships of Cant ley, Brampton, Bejfacarr, and High Ellers, within the several Ma-

norsof Brampton and Bejfacarr, in the P&rilhof,

in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Carrs, Ings, or Meadow Grounds, and Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Mel-boum and Storthwaite, within the Manor of with. Stonthicaite ,in the Parish of Thornton, in the East Riding of the County of York. j

An ingrofifed Bill to repeal an Act, made in the 12th The Roll* Year of the Reign of Kin gCharlestheSecond, intituled, Eft-te. j " The Mailer of the Rolls impowered to make Leases j

" for Years, in order to new-bnild the old Houses be- f

*longing to the Rollsand for the better regulating the Method of granting Leases of the said Rolls Estate ‘ ,

for the future, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act ?o repeal an Act, made in the 12 th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "The " Mailer of the Rolls impowered to make Leases for " Years, in order to new bnild the old Houses belonging " to the Rollsand for the better regulating the Method of granting Leases of the said Rolls Estate for the future; and for making Com pen fat ion to the Earl of Macclesfield and Sir Thomas Sewell, for their Beneficial Rights |

and Inter efts in certain Leases made of the Rolls Estate; and for regulating the Method of making Leases of the said Estate for the future.

Ordered, That the Lord Hyde do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Supply Bill; Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein Grant of mentioned, was read the Third Time. . *'

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned. > 1

Ordered, That Mr. Robinson do carry the Bill to the.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a cer- Sunr, jv Bill; tain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for Suiting rood, applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-

seven;

L.

i7 Geo. Ill, a — 5*

seven; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Adjournment. 1 Ir/’olvrd, That this House will, at the Rising of the 1 loul’e this Lay, adjourn till Morning

next.

Journal. Ordered, That the Journal of this I louse, from the End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Setlion, be printed.

Ordered, That One thousand Five hundred Copies of the said Journal be printed, by the Appointment and under the Direction, of Esquire,

Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journal be printed by such Perl’on as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker; and that no other Person do presume to print the fame.

Junil 537

other Infiruments; without any Amendment: And.

also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Discovwy Act for rendering more effectual an Act* made in the,

Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- 8 0 *» jesty, lor promoting the Discovery of a Method for finding the Longitude at Sea, so far as relates to the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making lesser Discoveries for finding the fame, or making Other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and to the making of Experiments relating thereto; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

bitto.

Africa*

Company.

Supply Bill; Duties ca Servants, lie.

Supply Bill; Lottery.

Property Right of Engravings.

Supply Bill;

Auctioneers’

Licences.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Six hundred Pounds to be advanced to John Hatfell, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journal of this-. House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session; and to defray such extraordinary Expences as have been, or shall be, incurred on Account of the printed Journals and Reports of this House; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Minute Book of the Proceedings of the African Committee, from ^d July 1770 to 15th May 1777; together with the Evidence and Ground of Proceeding of the said Committee, upon the Complaint egainst Richard Miles, which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, from - the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to 4f 'ica, be re-delivered to the said Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty upon all Servants retained or employed in the several Capacities therein mentioned; and for repealing several Rates and Duties upon Glass iniposed by an Act made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and for granting to His Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Glass in lieu thereof, and for the belter collecting the Duties upon Glass; and for repealing the several Rates and Duties charged by an Act, made'in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, upon all Persons and Bodies Politic and Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities; and for establ ill ting a Lottery; without any Amendment: And also,

Hie Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,. An Act for more effectually securing the Property of Prints to Inventors and Engravers, by enabling them to sue for and recover Penalties in certain Cafes; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences, to be taken out by all Persons acting as Auctioneers; and certain Rates and Duties on all Lands Houses, Goods, and other Things, sold by Auction; and upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, Deeds, and V*OL. 36.

tyme

Revis

Writ.

Jovis, 50 die j;

Anno 17* Georgii III*'Regis, 1777.

Prayers.

f\RD ERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War*

rant to the Clerk of the Crown* to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lyme RegiSj in the County of Dorset, in the Room of Henry Fane,

Esquire, deceased;

A Message from the Lords* by Mr. Browning and

Mr. Anguish.:

Mr. Speaker*

The Lords have agreed to the Bill; intituled, An Supply Bill} Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; L without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill; intituled. Ail Supply Bill j Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fupd; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned* for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also; ,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act* made in the Twelfth. Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second* intituled, " The " Mailer of the Rolls impowered to make Leases for " Years, in order to new-build the old Houses belong*

" ing to ihe Rolls;" and for the better regulating the Method of granting Leases of the said Rolls -Estate for the future; and for making Compenfetion to the Earl

of Macclesfield and Sir Thomas Sei, for their Beneficial Rights and Interests in certain Leases made of the Rolls Estate; and for regulating the Method of making Leases of the said Estate for the future; without any Amendment: And also, 0

Ihe Lords have agreed to the Bill* intituled, An Act to promote the residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more speedy and effectual building, rebuilding* repairing* or purchasing* Houses, and other necessary Buildings and Tenements, for the Use of their Benefices; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, iittituled. An Act for defraying the Expence of building a new Gaol and Shire Hall, for the County of with*

out any Amendment: And also, .

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Severn at Mafcmore, near the City of Chuctfers for railing*

€ X widening*

Thfe Rolls Estate.

Clergy

Resideue*.

Westmorland

Oaol abd Shirt Hast.

Severn

Bridge

and

Gkmcrfttr

Street*.

5* — 6° Junii. A. 1777*

widening and securing. Overs leading from the said City towards Maifemore aforesaid; and for en* forcing the proper paving and cleansing of the several Streets within the said City* and for removing Nui* lances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; without any Amendment: And also,

Cost* of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act wi»edc$, for the Payment of Colls to Parties, and Charges to Constables, Witnesses, and others, on Complaints determined before Justices of the Peace out of Sessions; for the Payment of the Charges of Constables in certain Cafes; and for the more effectual Payment of Charges to Witnesses and Prosecutors of any Larceny or other Felony; with some Amendments: to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Meficngers withdrew.

Flint Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifibe his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Flint, in the room of Sir John , Baronet, de*

ceased.

Journal. The Lord North reported to the House, That their

Address of Monday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Six hundred Pounds to be advanced to John Hatfell, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament, to the End of this present Session; and to defray such extraordinary Expences as have been, or shall be, incurred on account of the printed Journals and Reports of this House; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

Westminster The House being informed that Mr. Fowler from

Faving. the Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lancs, within the City of Westminster, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

Copy of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament, made in the 2d, 3d, 4th, 5th, 6th, and 11 th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, from the 9th Day of January 1776 to the nth Day of *777, both inclusive;

also, an Account of all Contracts made by the said Commissioners, from the said 9th Day of January 1776 to the 11 th Day of February 1777, both inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copy is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

African The House was moved, That the Petition of the

Seulement*. Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, which was presented to the House upon the 29th Day of January last, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Fefolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Thirteen thousand Pounds to be ifl’ued and employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting, the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa , and that His Majesty will at the same Time be iS

pleased to give such Directions as His Majesty shall think proper, that the said Sum be applied towards the Repair and Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements (and not to the Discharge of any Debts alledged to have been incurred on that Account before the 31st Day of December 1776) and to af-sure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by fitch Members of this House as are of llis Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The House was moved, That the Return from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to the ho* nourable House of Commons, in consequence of the Address of the said House to His Majesty of the 29th Day of January last, relating to the general State of the Trade to Africa, the Condition of the Forts and Settlements there, belonging to the African Company, and in what Maimer the several Sums of Money granted by Parliament for maintaining and fiipporting the fame, have been applied, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to be graciously pleased to give Directions to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to enquire into the State of the African Trade in general, to receive such Plans or Proposals as the Merchants trading to Africa may submit to their Consideration, for better regulating, preserving, and extending the fame; and early in the next Session of Parliament, to make such Report thereupon, as the said Commissioners shall judge most conducive to the Interests of Great Britain and her Colonies;

It paired in the Negative.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to' order the Sum of Five Hundred Pounds to be advanced to George White, Esquire, One of the Clerks, attending this House, towards defraying Expences incurred by him in Business done by the Authority of this House, relative to Enquiries into the State of the Poor of this Kingdom; and to allure Elis Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 6° die Junii;

Anno 17* Georgii IIIlU Regis, 1777.

PllAYEftS,

f\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weymouth and Mrtcomhe Regis, in the County of Dorset, in the room of the Right honourable Wclbore Ellis, who, tince his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, in the room of Charles 71 zvnjheud, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said borough,

African

Trade*

E*penc« of Enquiries into the State of the Poor.

WWmouth

Writ.

Great Yarmo th. Writ.

17 Geo. III.

6° Junii.

539

BrwdJey

Writ.

Tamwcrth

Writ.

Wi!toa

Writ.

Camel ford W’nU

hath accepted the Office of Vice Treasurer and Receiver General and Paymaster General of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for thq electing ofa Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, in the room of the Right honourable William Henry ^I.ytteUqn, Lord in the Kingdom of

Ireland, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the Counties

of Stafford and Warwick, in the room of Thomas De Grey, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in thus present Parliament for the Borough of Wilton, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Charles Herbert, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Grooms cf His Majesty’s Bed Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for Ihe Borough of in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Sir Ralph Payne, Knight of the Mod honourable Order of the Bath, who, since his Election for the said Borough hath accepted the Office of One of the Clerk’s Comptrollers of His Majesty’s , Househokl.

t*7: Ordered, That Mr. Speakbr<dO issue his Warrant to . the Clerk of the Crown, to'.make out.a new Writ for . the electing of a Burgess to- serve in this present Parliament for the Town of , in the County of

Montgomery, in the room of Whitshed Keene, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Town, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff* of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

African Mr. Comptroller of the Household reported to the timents, j-joufe> that their Addresses of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of'1 hirteen thousand Pounds to be issued and employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting, the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa; and that His Majesty will at the same Time be pleased to give such Directions as His Majesty thall think proper, that the said Sum be applied towards the Repair and Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements (and not to the Discharge of any Debts alledged to have been incurred on that Account before the 31st Day of December 1776) and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same; and also, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds to be advanced to George Esquire, One of the Clerks attending this House, towards defraying Expences incurred by him in Business done by the Authority of this House, relative to Enquiries into the State of the Poor of this Kingdom; and to assure His Majesty that this House will make good the tune) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Addresses.

Vol. 36.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Moly-neu.v. Gentleman Ulher of the Blade Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to at* tend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of

Peers:

Accordingly Mr* Speaker, with the House, went up Royal A (Tent to attend His Majesty: Where His Majesty was pleased *° B*U* to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and One Private Bill following; Viz.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Mohfey, by way of Annuities; and for establishing a Lottery:

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty upon all Servants retained or employed in the several Capacities therein mentioned and for repealing several Rates and Duties upon Glass imposed by an Act made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and for granting to His Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Glass in Lieu thereof, and for the better collecting the Duties upon Glass; and for repealing the several Rates, and Duties charged by an Act, made in the Twenty-nintli Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, upon all Persons and Bodies Politic and Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate:

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences, to be taken out by all Persons acting as Auctioneers: and certain Rates.and Duties on all Lands, Houses, Goods, and other Things, sold by Auction; and upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, Deeds, and other Inliruments:

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sunr of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy- seven; and for further appropriating the Supplies grafted in this Session of Parliament;

An Act to promote the Residence of the Parochial ‘ Clergy; by making Provision for the more speedy and effectual building, rebuilding, repairing,- or purchasing,

Houses, and other nCcessary Biiildings'arid Tenements, for the Use of their Beneficeis:

An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, f‘ The Matter of the Rolls impowered to make " Leases for Years, in order to new-build the old " Houses belonging to the Rolls. and for the better regulating the Method of granting Leases of the said Rolls Estate for the future; and for making Corapqn-fation to the Earl of Macclesfield, apd Sir Thomas Sewell, for their Beneficial Rights and Interests in certain Leases made of the Rolls Estate; and for regulating the Method of making Leases of the said Estate for the future: '

An Act for rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for promoting the Discovery of a Method for finding the Longitude at Sea, so far as relates to the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making lesser Discoveries for finding the fame, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and to the making of Experiments relating thereto;

An Act for more effectually l’ecuring the Property of Prints to Inventors and Engravers, by enabling them to sue for and recover Penalties in certain Cafes:

An Act for the better regulating the Hat Manu* factory:

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the several Parishes of Surfleet,

Gofberlon, Quadring, Donington, Bicker, Swme/Aead,

Wigtoft, Sutterton, Algarkirk, Fosdike, Kirton, *

ton, Wiberton, and Brotherloft, within the Hundred of Kirton, in the Parts of Holla?id, in the County of

Aa

Die ized by

The King’s Speech.

Parliament

prorogued.

540 6* Junii — <1 — 18° Septem — 30°Ofiobris. ^.1777*

An Act for defraying the Expence of building a new Gaol and Shire Hall for the County of -

land:

An Act for rebuilding the Bridge over the Rives Severn at Maifemore, near the City of Gloucester; for

raising, widening, and securing. Overs lead-

ing from the said City towards Maifemore aforesaid; and for enforcing the proper paving and cleansing of the several Streets within the said City, and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom* and preventing the like for the future:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common or Waste Ground, called Shapw , or Shapwick Turf Moor, in the Parish of Shapwick, in the County of Somerset.

After which, His Majesty was pleased to make a moil Gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses of Parliament, as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

The Conclusion of the Public Business, and the Confederation of the Inconvenience which I fear you must have suffered by so long an Attendance, call upon Me to put an End to this Session of Parliament; but I cannot let you go into your several Counties without ‘ expressing My entire Approbation of your Conduct, and without thanking you for the unquestionable Proofs „ you have given to Me, and to all the World, of the Continuance of your Attacliment to My Person and Government, of your clear Dilbernment of the true Interests of your Country, and of your Heady Perseverance in maintaining the Rights of the Legiuature.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I cannot sufficiently thank you for the Zeal and public Spirit with which you have granted the large and extraordinary Supplies, which I have found Myself under the Necessity of asking of My faithful Commons, for the Service of the current Year; and I must at the same Time acknowledge the particular Marks of your Attention to Me, as well in enabling Me to discharge the Debts contrafted on Account of My Civil Government, as in making so considerable an Augmentation to the Civil List Revenue during My Life.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I trust in the Divine Providence, that by a well-concerted and vigorous Exertion of the great Force you have put into My Hands, the Operations of this Campaign by Sea and Land will be blessed with such Success as may most effectually tend to the Suppression of the Rebellion in America, and to the Re-establish merit of that Constitutional Obedience which all the Subjects of a free State owe to the Authority of Law.

Luna, 210 die yulti J

Anno 17* Georgii IIIH‘ Regis* 1777.

THE House being met* pursuant to the lad Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the

Country;

A Message was brought' from the Lords, by Ml*. 2uarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

'The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk and Clci k Assistant, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Thursday the 18th Day of September

next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 18th Day of September next.

JoviS) 18° die Septembris;

Anno 17* Georg!! ill1" Regis, 1777.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the Hdufe of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the Hoitfe, with the Clerk, went tip to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Thursday the 30th Day of October next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until the

30th Day of October liext.

Jovisy 30® dieO&chris;

Anno 18° Georgii III"1 Regis, 1777.

Pari iament further prorogued

Ditto.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by His Ma- rT H E House being met, pursuant to the last jetty’s Command, said, A Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the

Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is His Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, that thi? Parliament be prorogued to Monday the 21st Day of July next, to be then here held; and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Monday the 21st Day of July next.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, defife the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission vyas read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Thursday the 20th Day of November next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 20th Day of November next.

Ditto.

54*

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Jovis, 20° dieNovembris;

Anno 18* Georgii III"* Regis, 1777.

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended King’* ' His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Ma- Speo^ jesty was pleased to make a most Gracious Speech from report the Throne, to both Houses of Parliament; of which,

Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

Mc&ge to attend the King.

Ifluc of

Writ*.

Member* take Oath*.

Clandestine

Outlawries

M ESS AG E from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Moh/neux, Gentleman Uther of the Black

Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that, in purflt-ance of the Directions of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to enable the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrants, to make out new Writs " for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament,

" in the room of such Members as shall die during " the Recess of Parliament," he had issued his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the County of Radn, in the room of Chafe Price, Esquire.

Several Members returned upon new Writs, took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscril>ed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes: And such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

A Bill for the more efi'eftual preventing Clandestine Outlawries, was read the First Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vot,. 36.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is a great Satisfaction to Me, that I can have Recourse to the Wisdom and Support of My Parliament, in this Conjuncture, when the Continuance of the Rebellion in North America demands Our most serious Attention. The Powers, which you have in-trusted Me with for the Suppression of this Revolt, have been faithfully exerted; and I have a just Confidence, that the Conduct and Courage of My Officers, and the Spirit and Intrepidity of My Forces, both by Sea and Land, will, under the Blessing of Divine Providence, be attended with important Succcfs: But as I am persuaded, that you will fee the Necessity of preparing for such further Operations, as the Contingencies of the War, and the Obllinacy of the Rebels, may render expedient, I am, for that Purpose, purluing the proper Measures for keeping My Land Forces compleat to their present Establishment; and if I should have Occasion to increase them, by contrafting any new Engagements, I rely on your Zeal and public Spirit, to enable Me to make them good.

I receive repeated Assurances from Foreign Powers, of their pacific Dispositions. My own cannot be doubted: But, at this Time, when the Armaments in the Ports of France and Spain continue, I have thought it advisable to make a considerable Augmentation to My Naval Force, as well to keep My Kingdoms in a respectable State of Security, as to provide an adequate Protection for the extensive Commerce of My Subjects; and as, on the one Hand, I am determined that the Peace of Europe shall not be disturbed by Me, so, on the other, I will always be a faithful Guardian of the Honour of the Crown of Great Britain.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have ordered the Ellimates for theenfuing Year to be laid before you. The various Services which I have mentioned to you will unavoidably require large Supplies; and nothing could relieve My Mind front

6 Y the

542

20° Novembris. A. 1777.

Address on

the King’s Speech.

the Concern which I feel for the heavy Charge which they mull bring on My faithful People, but the perfect Conviction that they are necessary for the Welfare, and the essential Interests of My Kingdoms.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I will steadily pursue the Measures in which we are engaged for the Re-establishment of that Coniiitutional Subordination, which, with the Blessing of God, I will maintain through the several Parts of My Dominions: But I shall ever be watchful for an Opportunity of putting a Stop to the Effulion of the Blood of My Subjects, and the Calamities which are inseparable from a State of War. And I dill hope, that the deluded and unhappy Multitude will return to their Allegiance; and that the Remembrance of what they once enjoyed, the Regret for what they have loft, and the Feelings of what they now suffer under the arbitrary Tyranny of their Leaders, will re-kindle in their Hearts a Spirit of Loyalty to their Sovereign, and of Attachment to their Mother Country; and that they will enable Me, with the Concurrence and Support of My Parliament, to accomplish, what I shall consider as the greatest Happiness of My Life, and the greatest Glory of My Reign, the Restoration of Peace, Order, and Confidence to My American Colonies.

A Motion was made, and the Question bein proposed. Than an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His most Gracious Speech from the Throne.

With Hearts deeply interested in every Event, which tends to increase His Majesty’s domeftie Felicity, and imprelTed with the liveliest Sentiments of Duty and Attachment to the Queen, to offer to His Majesty the Congratulations of His faithful Commons, on the Birth of another Princess, and on Her Majesty’s happy Recovery.

To assure His Majesty, that we take a sincere Part in the Confidence which His Majesty expresses, that the Conduct and Courage of His Officers, and the Spirit and Intrepidity of His Forces, both by Sea and I.and, will, under the Divine Providence, be attended with important Success; but at the same Time we entirely concur with His Majesty, in thinking that it is necessary to prepare for such further Operations, as future Events, and the Contingencies of the War, may render expedient; and that we learn, with much Satisfaction, that His Majesty is for that Purpol'e pursuing the proper Measures, for keeping His Land Forces compleat to their present Establishment; and that, whenever His Majesty shall be pleased to communicate to this House any new Engagements, which He may have entered into for increasing His Military Force, we will take the same into our Consideration j and we trust His Majesty will not be disappointed in the gracious Sentiments which He entertains of the Zeal and public Spirit of His faithful Commons.

To declare, that we are truly sensible, that His Majesty’s constant Care for the Welfare of His People, and His generous Concern for the Happiness of Mankind, dispose His Majesty to desire, that the Peace of Europe may not be diliurbed; but that we acknowledge, with equal Gratitude, His Majesty’s Attention to the Security of His Kingdoms, and the Protection of the ex-tenlive Commerce of His Subjects, in His having made a considerable Augmentation to His Naval Force, on which the Reputation and Importance of this Nation mult ever principally depend; and we hear, with the highest Satisfaction, and rely with perfect Confidence on His Royal Declaration, that He will always be the faithful Guardian of the Honour of the Crown.

To assure His Majesty, that we will, without Delay, enter into the Consideration of the Supplies for the en-iz

filing Year; and that we will chearfully and effectually provide for all such Expences as shall be found necessary for the Welfare and essential Interests of these Kingdoms, and for the vigorous Profeoution of the Measures in \ghich We are engaged, for the Ue-establishjnent of that Cdnltitutional Subordination, which, we trust, with the-Bl offing of God-, His Majesty will be able to maintain through the several Parts of His Dominions.

That we acknowledge, with equal Gratitude and Admiration, His Majesty’s Paternal Declaration, that 'He will be ever watchful for an Opportunity of putting a Stop to the Effusion of the Blood of His Subjects, and the Calamities of War.

That we cannot but (till entertain a Hope, that the Discernment of their true Interests, the Remembrance of the Blessmgs they once enjoyed, and the Sense of their present Sufferings under the arbitrary Tyranny of their Leaders, wifi induce the deluded gnd unhappy Multitude to return to their Allegiance, and wifi reanimate their Hearts with a Spirit of Loyalty to their Sovereign, and of Attachment to their Mother Country.

That the gracious and condescending Manner in which His Majesty expresses His Delire, that He may be enabled to restore Peace, Order, and Confidence to His American Colonies, cannot fail of endearing him to the Hearts of all His Subjects; and to allure His Majesty, that, when this great Work can be accompli (lied, and settled on the true Principles of the Constitution, His Majesty may depend on the most zealous Concurrence and Support of His faithful Commons.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting, after the Words " To assure " His Majesty, that," at the Beginning of the Third Paragraph, these Words, " this House does most humbly advise and supplicate His Majesty to be pleased " to cause the most speedy and effectual Measures to be taken for restoring Peace in America; and that no " Time may be loft, in propoling an immediate Cessation of Hostilities there, in order to the Opening of " a Treaty for the final Settlement of the Tranquillity " of those invaluable Provinces, by a Removal of the " unhappy Causes of this ruinous Civil War, and by a " just and adequate Security against the Return of the " like Calamities in Times to come: And this House " desire to offer the most dutiful Assurances to His Majesty, that they will, in due Time, chearfiilly " co-operate with the Magnanimity and tender Goodness of His Majesty, for the Preservation of His " People, by such explicit and most solemn Declarations and Provisions of fundamental and irrevocable Laws, as may be judged necessary for ascertaining " and fixing for ever, the respective Rights of Greut " Britain and her Colonies."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } 86.

Tellers for the Noes 5 Mr* CharleS ?

1 ellers for the ISoes, J Mp Robinson,) 24?*

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His most Gracious Speech from the Throne.

With Hearts deeply interested in every Event, which tends to increase His Majesty’s domeftie Felicity, and impressed with the liveliest Sentiments of Duty and Attachment to the Queen, to offer to His Majesty the 'Congratulations of His faithful Commons, on the Birth of another Princess, and on her Majesty’s happy Recovery.

To assure His Majesty, that we take a sincere Part

in

18 Geo III. 20° — 2i° . 543

in the Confidence which His Majesty expresses, that the Conduct and Courage of His Officers, and the Spirit and Intrepidity of His Forces, both by Sea and Land, will, under the Divine Providence, be attended with important Success; but at the same Time we entirely concur with His Majesty, in thinking that it is neceft'nry to prepare lor such further Operations, as future Events, and the Contingencies of the M ar, may render expedient; and that we learn, with much Satis* faction, that His Majesty is for that Purpose pursuing the proper Measures for keeping His Land Forces com pleat to their present El'tablishment; and that, whenever 1 Its Majesty shall be pleated to communicate to this House any new Engagements which he may have entered into, for increasing His Military Force, we will take the same into our Consideration , and we trust His Majesty will not be disappointed in the gracious Sentiments which he entertains of the Zeal and public Spirit of His faithful Commons.

To declare, that we are truly sensible, that His Majesty’s constant Care for the Welfare of His People, and Mis generous Concern for the Happiness of Mankind, dispose His Majesty to detire, that the Peace of Europe may not bo distnrhed; hut that we acknowledge, with equal Gratitude, His Majesty s Attention to the Security of His Kingdoms, and the Protection of the extensive Commerce of His Subjects, in His having made a considerable Augmentation to His Naval Force, on which the Reputation and Importance of this Nation niuft ever principally depend; and we hear with the highest Satisfaction, and rely with perfect confidence on his Royal Declaration, that He will always be the faithful Guardian of the Honour of the Crown.

To allure His Majesty, that we will, without Delay, enter into the Cofisideration of the Supplies for theen-suing Year; and that we will chearfully and effectually

Jirovide for all such Expences as shall be found necessary or the Welfare and essential Interests of these Kingdoms, and for the vigorous Prosecution of the Measures in which we are engaged, for the Ke-establishment of that Constitut ional Subordination, which, we trust, with the Hlefling of God, llis Majesty will be able to maintain through the teveral Parts of His Dominions.

That we acknowledge, with equal Gratitude and Admiration, His Majesty’s Paternal Declaration, that He will be ever watchful for an Opportunity of putting a Stop to the Effusion of the Blood of His Subjects, and the Calamities of War.

Tliaf, we cannot but still entertain a Hope, that the Difeernment of their true Interests, the Remembrance of die Blessmgs they once enjoyed, and the Sen fe of their present Sufferings under the arbitrary Tyranny of their leaders, will induce the deluded and unhappy Multitude to return to their Allegiance, and will re-animate their Hearts with a Spirit of Loyalty to their Sovereign, and of Attachment to their Mother Country.

That the gracious and condescending Manner in which His Majesty expresses His Desire, that He may be enabled to restore Peace, Order, and Confidence to His American Colonies, cannot fail of endearing him to the Hearts of all His Subjects; and to afiure His Majesty, that, when this great Work can be accoro-plished, and settled on the true Principles of the Con-fiitution, llis Majesty may depend on the most zealous Concurrence and Support of His faithful Commons.

Ordered, That aCommittee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Kesolution.

Aud a Committee was appointed of the Lord Hyde Sir Gilbert Elliot, the Lord North, Mr. Lord

George Germain, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Grey Coo-

per, Sir John Irwin, Mr. Rfon, Mr. Renton, Mr. JenkinJ'on, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Charles Jhend, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Rice, Mr. Stanley, the Lord Westcole, the Lurd Beauchamp, Mr. Eden, Six Charley Vol. 36.

Whitworth; or any Five bf them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iffne his Warrant to Portsmoutfc the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wnt-the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Portsmoutin the County of Southampton, in the room of Peter Taylor, Esquire,

deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing bf a Burgefc to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Drcin the County of Worcester, in the room of the honourable Thomas Foley, now Lord Foley, Baron of Kidderminster, in the . County of Worcester, called up to tlte House of Peers.

Droitwich

Writ.

if

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 2i° die Novem;

Anno 18* Georgii III*'* Regis, 1777.

Prayers.

f\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Bath Writ, Parliament for the City of Bath, in the County of So-merfet, in the room of Abel Moyfey, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of Second Justice for the Counties of Glamorgan,

and Radnor, within the Principality of Wales.

A Petition of George Mattocks, Gentleman, was pre- Birmingham fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Theatre. Birmingham is a large and populous Town; and that a great Number of Persons of considerable Property either constantly reside there, or frequently resort thereto, who are desirous of having a public Theatre established there, under proper Regulations; and that the Petitioner and Mr. Joseph Ymmgeare Lessees of a certain Building, in King-Street, in the said Town, very proper and conveniently situated for the Purpose of a Playhouse: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to Citable His Majesty to grant a Patent to the said JiJ'eph Younger and the Petitioner, for the Use of the said Building as aTbeatre.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Strahan, Sir Charles Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John Clark, Esquire, and Rebecca his Bnlwick Wife, Lord and Lady of the Manor, and Patrons of Inilofcirc, the Rectory and Parish Church, ofR«/w/c£, in the County of Northampton, and Denny Cole, Clerk, Rector or Incumbent of the said Rectory and Pari fli Church, Owners of Land, and Persons interested in the Right of Common, in the Open Fields and Commons within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and readj Setting forth, That the Property of the several Owners of the Land in the said Fields lies intermixed and difprfed;

Oxford

Road*.

1

544

2i° Novembris. . 1777.

and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of them, and of the Persons interested in the Right of Common in the said Parish, if such Fields and Commons were divided and inclosed, and a Specific Share thereof allotted to every such Owner and Person interested, to be held in Severalty, for ever, in Lieu of his present Property therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the said Fields and Commons, in such Manner as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. George Bridges Brudenell and Mr. Noel do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts, one paired in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of Thames Street, in the City of Oxford, over Botley to the

Turnpike Road near F{field, in the County of Berks, and the other passed in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, to enlarge and vary the Term and Powers of the first-mentioned Act, and for other Purposes, was prefen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees for the said Acts have, in the Execution thereof, erected certain very considerable Bridges, and repaired and widened Bolley and the several

other Roads under their Care; in Performance whereof, and by paying the Sum of .700, as directed by the said last mentioned Act, to the Trustees for an Act passed it) the Twenty-fourth Year of King George the Second, for repairing, amongst other Roads, the Road from Witney, through Eynfham, Cumner, and to

the City of Oxford, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, and in otherwise putting the said Two first-mentioned Acts in Execution, a very large Debt hath been contrafted, amounting to the Sum of 13,400, the Interest whereof is upwards of and that, in order to widen, and render completely commodious, the said Road from Botley Causeway to Witney, it will be necessary to carry the time in a straight Line, and of the Width of Thirty Feet, from a Place called The Fool, in the Middle of the Town of Eynfham, in the County of Oxford, to a certain Place on the North Side of the said Town, called Stump Stile, and through or by a Lane called Conduit Lane, and through or by a House and Garden, now or late the Property, or in the Occupation, of the Widow Wells, and through or by a Garden, or Close, now or late the Property, or in the Occupation, of the Widow and through or by a Part or Corner of the Close belonging to the Vicar of Eynfham, and so on through the Open or Common Field to the said Place called Slump Stile j and that, by the said Act of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, the Trusteesarereftrained from erecting any Toll Gates between the End of Botley Causeway and the Towns of F{field and Witnessaforesaid, whereby Passengers are enabled to travel'! oil-free, for the Space of Seven Miles between Botley and Fi-field, and for the Space of Nine Miles between Botley and Witney, so that the whole Toll upon the said Roads is now collected within Half a Mile of the University and City of Oxford; and that the Trustees find themselves unable to pay off the Debt contrafted upon the said Roads, or even punctually to discharge the Interest thereof, and to keep the said Bridges and Roads in proper Repair, and effectually to widen the Road within the Line before mentioned, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and Power given to erect additional Gates, and to take an additional Toll, on the said Roads, between Botley causezoay and the Towns of Ffield and Witnessrespectively: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Pow ers,

of the said Tw o several AOs, more especially for the Purposes siforesaid; and that such further and other Reliet and Affiliance may be given to the Petitioners, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, so the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wenman, the Lord &lc.: And they are to meet To morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and '

have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John Meyer and Christopher Henry Meyer*! Martens, was prel'ented to the House, and read; Pray- and ing. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Elwes and Mr. Winchcombe Hartley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable Robert Craggs Loti Earl Nugent in the Kingdom of Ireland, and the Right Nugent’* honourable Charles Townshend, was presented to the 1

House, and read; Setting forth, That His Majesty, Qualification 1 by His Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of Ireland, Bill hath granted to the Petitioners, and the Right honourable Henry Flood, the Offices of Vice Treasurer, Receiver General, and Paymaster General of all His Revenues, Profits, and Casualties whatsoever in His said Kingdom of Ireland, and to be Treasurer at War within the said Kingdom; and that the Petitioners urgent Business requiring their Stay in England, so as that they cannot at present go into the said Kingdom, to qualify themselves there for the Enjoyment of the said Offices:

Therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring

in a Bill to enable them to take, in Great Britain, the

Oath of Office for the Employments above-mentioned, i

and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment thereof. i

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Whitworth and Sir Grey Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Francis Popham, was presented to the Pophan*i House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given Nat. to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Whitworth and Mr. Dunning do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do Grand

fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House. Coinmuiea

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoou, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do lit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges be ap- committee pointed: pi

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Bacon, Mr. PnvileS's* Attorney General, the Lord North, Mr. Rigby, Mr.

Ellis, the Earl Nugent, Colonel BarrSir George Savile, Mr. Morton, Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Alderman Suwbridge, Mr. Burke, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr.

Ehces, Mr. Fox , Mr. Dunning, General Conway, Lord George Germain, Mr. Johnfione, Mr. Hartley, Mr. Baker,

1

2i* Novembris.

18 Geo. III.

Mr. Rice, the Lord Advocate of Scolland, Mr. Macdonald, the Lord Hyde, the Marquis of Granby, Lord Newhawn, Sir George Yonge, Sir William Bagot, Mr.

De Grey, Mr. Bypig, Mr. Adams, Sir George Howard,

Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Jenkivf Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. binfim, Sir Hugh PalliJ'er, Mr. Alderman Wilkes, Mr.

Wenman, Mr. Jackson, Lord John Cavendish, Sir John Irwin, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Lygon, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Strahan, Mr. Mr. Herbert, Mr.

Otijlow, M r. Siorer, Mr. Mor ant, M r. Ezcer, Mr. Feilde,

M r.Ozcen,\i r.Johnes, SivA

Turner, Mr. Conway: And they are to meet upon Sevennight, at Seven of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday), in the Afternoon; and all who come are to have Voices; and they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as flia.ll or may come in question, touching Privileges; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, from Time to Time; and the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information; and if any Tiling shall come in question, touching the Matter of Privilege of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate.

Returns to be Ordered, That all Persons who will question any ^utdn^ Returns Members <o serve in Parliament, do question 14 Day*, the fume within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return fha.II he brought in; and that all Members who are returned for Two or more Places do make their Election by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place; and if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Return or Election of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate; and that all Members returned upon Double Returns do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Usual Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right Order*, to give his V'otc in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That where this House shall jadge any Petition touching Elections to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Mifilemeanor; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence, in any Case, before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Resolved, That, in all Cases of controverted Elec-VoL. 36.

545

tions for Counties in England-a.nd Wales, the Pet i tioners

do, by themselves, or by their Agehts, within a convenient Time,' to be appointed by the House, deliver to the Sitting Members, dr their Agents; Lists of thi-Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members; giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection, and distingnish-ing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Part, to the Petitioners, or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody any Stranger, or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, w’hile the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fit* ting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody, without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker’s Cham* ber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to . the Clerk, to be locked up jay him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber evefy Day, before the Door is locked Up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger, or Strangers, into the House, of Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordereif That the Constibfes, and other Officers of Middlesex and Westminster, do take Care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon* during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple Bar and Wrfmiifer Halt shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstructioni be made; by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take Care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster Hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during, the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance, by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be feat to the High Bailiff of Westmiijler i and that h#.do fee the ferae put

iu Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall. presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting or losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Poll Office to this House, or feme other Person to be

6 Z appointed

L

Address on the King1 Speech.

546 210 Novembris. . 1777-

appointed by the Post-mafier General, do, for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, condantly attend, from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the lead immediately after the Riling of the House, and also from Vive of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take Care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be feut to the Pod-mailer General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame; and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being fird perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person but such as he shall appoint do presume to print the fame.

The Lord Hyde reported from the Committee, ap-

f* minted Yederday to draw up an Address to be presented to His Majesty, that the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, iti Parliament assembled, beg Leave to return Your Majesty the humble Thanks of this House, for Your most gracious Speech from the Throne.

Deeply intereded in every Event which tends to increase Your Majesty’s domedic Felicity, and impressed with the liveliest Sentiments of Duty and Attachment to the Queen , we beg Leave to offer to Your Majesty our Congratulations on the Birth of another Princess, and on Her Majesty’s happy Recovery.

We assure Your Majesty, that we take a sincere Part in the Confidence which Your Majesty expresses, that the Conduct and Courage of Your Officers, and the Spirit and Intrepidity of Your Forces, both by Sea and Land, will, under the Divine Providence, be attended with important Success. But at the same Time, we entirety concur with Your Majesty in thinking, that it is necessary to prepare for such further Operations, as future Events, and the Contingencies of the War, may render expedient. And we learn, with much Satisfaction, that Your Majesty is, for that Purpose, pursuing the proper Measures for keeping Your Land Forces compleat to their present Establishment. And whenever Your Majesty shall be pleased to communicate to us any new Engagements which You may have entered into for increasing Your Military Force, we will take the same into our Consideration: And we trufi Your Majesty will not be dilappointed in the gra-21

cious Sentiments which You entertain of the Zeal and Public Spirit of Your faithful Commons.

We are truly sensible, that Your Majesty’s condant Care for the Welfare of Your People, and Your generous Concern for the Happiness of Mankind, dif-pole Your Majesty to desire, that the Peace of Europe may not be disturbed; but we acknowledge, with equal Gratitude, Your Majesty’s Attention to the Security of Your Kingdoms, and the Protection of the extensive Commerce of Your Subjects, in having made a considerable Augmentation to Your Naval Force, on which the Reputation and Importance of this Nation mud ever principally depend; and wc hear with the highed Satisfaction, and rely with perfect Confidence on Your Royal Declaration, that Your Majesty will always be the faithful Guardian of the Honour of the British Crown.

We beg Leave to assure Your Majesty, that we will, without Delay, enter into the Consideration of the Supplies for the ensuing Year; and that we will chcar-fully and efi'edtually provide for all such Expences as shall be found necessary for the Welliire and essential Intereds of these Kingdoms, and for the vigorous Pro-lecution of the Measures in which we are engaged for the Re-edablishment of that Constitutional Subordination, which, we trud, with the Blessing of God, Your Majesty will be able to maintain through the several Parts of Your Dominions.

We acknowledge, with equal Gratitude and Admiration, Your Majesty’s paternal Declaration, that You will be ever watchful for an Opportunity of putting a Stop to the Efiufion of the Blood of Your Subjects, and the Calamities of AVar.

Permit us to assure Your Majesty, that we cannot but dill entertain a Hope, that the Discernment of their true Intereds, the Remembrance of the Blessings they once enjoyed, and the Sense of their present Sufferings under the arbitrary Tyranny of their Leaders, will induce the deluded and unhappy Multitude to return to their Allegiance, and will re-animate their Hearts with a Spirit of Loyalty to their Sovereign, and of Attachment to their Mother Country.

The gracious and condescending Manner in which Your Majesty expresses Your Desire, that You may be enabled to restore' Peace, Order, and Confidence, to Your American Colonies, cannot fail of endearing Your Majesty to the Hearts of all Aonr Subjects; and we assure Your Ma jedy, that when this great AVork can be accomplished, and settled on the true Principles of the Conditution, Your Majesty may depend on the most zealous Concurrence and Support of Y'our faithful Commons.

A Motion- was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Address be read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

>t* 11 / ., -t- t Lord Adam Gordon, 7

Teller, for the \ ew, j Sir QTey Cooper: { *75-

| 47-

So it wasrefolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Address being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do

humbly know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when IIq will be attended by this House.

Resolved, Nemine contradkente. That a congratula- the Queen tory Mefl'age be lent to the Queen, on the Birth of congratulattd another Princess, and on Her Majesty’s happy Reco- °" 'pe.Bm,h very, and to assure Her Majesty, that this House will ° nnc ever retain the trued Sentiments of Duty and Attachment

18 Geo. III.

— 22* — -24*

547

The King’* Speech to be conGdered.

Cantley

Indofuit.

ment to a Queen, who is- distinguished by so matiy eminent Virtues, and to whom this Nation owes so mauy Blessings.

Ordered, That the Lord Cranborne, Mr. Curzon, Sir John Inoine, Sir Grey Cooper, Sir John Trevelyan, Mr.

Sibthorpe, the Lord ViUiers, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Neville,

the Lord Clive, Mr, John William Eger ton, the Lord Hyde, Mr. Gascoyne, and Mr. Benjamin Keene, do at-

tend Her Majesty with the said Message.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

tituled, " An Act for rendering more effectual several " Acts, passed in the Fifth Year of his late Majesty " King George the First, and the Thirteenth Year of " his late Majesty King George the Sfecorid, for repairing the Roads from the Top of to'

" Eiijlozo Bridge, through the City of Oxford, by " brooke, to New Woodstock, in the County of Oxoti,

" and for repairing the Road from The Crowh Alehouse " to the Turnpike on Stokencharch Hill aforesaid; and " for repairing the Mile Ways on each Side the said " City, as therein mentioned," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Acts

have been continued to be put in Execution; for which Purpose several Sums of Money have been bor-A Petition of Childers Walbankc Childers, Esquire, rowed upon the Credit thereof, the greatest Part of and of several other Persons whose Names are thereunto which now remains due; and that several Parts of the subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands Roads comprised in the said Acts still want amending, and Grounds in the Parish of Cantley, in the County of which cannot beelfecled, and the whole kept in Repair, York, was presented to the House and read; Setting and the Money owing, with the Interest thereon, be paid, forth, That an Act was made in the last Session of Par- unless the Term of the said Act, passed in the Second liamentjfordividingand inclosing thefeveralOpenCom- Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, be enlarged, and mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste further or other Powers given; And therefore praying.

Grounds, within the Townships of Cantley, Brampton, Bejfacarr, and High Ellers, within the several Manors of Brampton and Beffacarr, in the Parish of Cantley, in the West Riding of the County of York; and that Isaac Milbourn, of Broom, in the County of , AlliesDanfon, of Oxton, in the County of the City of York, and one other Person therein described by the Name of John Raines, of Stonehill, in the Parish of Everton, in the County of Nottingham, Gentleman, and their Successors, to be elected as therein mentioned.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations and Restrictions, and with such further Assistance, as the House shall think proper*

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Charles Spefiter, Mr; Wenman, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday

were appointed Commissioners for putting the said Act Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s into Execution; and that, since the passing of the said Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, Act, it hath been discovered, that there was, at the and Records.

Time of palTing the said Act, no such Person as John Rabies, of Stonehill, in the Parish of Everton, in the County of Nottingham; but that Francis Raines then did, and now does, reftde at Stonehill aforesaid, and was the Person meant and intended to be named and appointed in and by the said Act, as one of the Commissioners for potting the said Act into Execution, and that the Name of John Raines was inserted in the said

Sir Charles Whitxvorth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Francis Popham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Popham's

Nat.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Chnlideration The k;ng’» Act through Error and Mistake; and that, by reason His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of S|^dech, of the said Mistake, the said Act cannot be carried into Parliament. con ere *

Execution: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring ina Bill for rectifying the said Mistake, in such Manner as the Floufe shall think proper. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. Lafcclles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Ten of the Clock.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made. That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

SabbcCtiy 2 2° die Novembrii;

Anno 18* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1777. Prayers.

Time I '1IE Lord Ilinchingbrook reported to the House, appointed for J[ That His Majesty, having been waited upon *Adarefs^ (pursuant to the Order of Yesterday) humbly to know His Majesty’s Pleasure when He would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Day, at Half an Hour after Two of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James,

stoker.church Petition of several of the Trustees for an Act, Jkc.’ passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty, in* KuaJs* Vqa. 36.

Luncey 24* die Novetnbrts;

Anno 18* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1777;

Prayers.

MR. Speaker reported to the House, That the AnlWerto House attended His Majesty on Saturday last, Addrest. with their Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

Gentleinen,

I return you my hearty Tlianks for this dutiful Address.

The affectionate 'Part you take in the happy Reeo-. very of the Queen, and the Increase of My Family, is highly acceptable to Me.

The

Private

Business.

Earl Nugent’s and Mr. Town-shend’s Qualification Bill.

Bazin’s Nat.

Stevenage

&c.

Bavds#

Bulwick

laclosure.

24* Novembris. A. 1777.

The Heady and zealous Support of My faithful Commons, will, I trull in God, enable Me to put an End to this unhappy Rebellion. Whatever Strength you shall place in My Hands, shall be employed only for the Good of My People, and the Welfare of My Kingdoms; and be allured, that I willi for Success in this great National Cause for no other Purpose but that it may enable Me to rellore Peace and Happiness to all My Subjects.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions for private Rills after the Third Day of February next.

Sir GeorgeSavile prefen ted to the House, according Cantley to Order, a Bill for re6tifying a Mistake in the Name Indoium. of One of the Commissioners appointed to put in Execution an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Cantley, Brampton, Bcffkcarr, and High Ellers, within the several Manors of Brampton and ,in the Parish

of Cantley, in the West Riding of the County of York:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Whilzcorthpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Right honourable Robert Craggs Earl Nugent, and the Right honourable Charles Tozcnjhend, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment, of the said Offices: And the same whs received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Antoine Baziwas presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Whitworth and Sir George Savile do propare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution several A :1s of Parliament, made in the Sixth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Ki 0 g George the Second, and the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Stevenage, in the County of Hertford, to Biggleswade, in the County of and other Roads.

therein mentioned; and for repairing and widening the Road from Radzccll Corner, to the Turnpike Road at

Arlefey, in the County of Bedford, and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Trustees have made great Progress in repairing the said Roads; and representing to the House, that some Part of the Road within the Town of Baldock, is very narrow, and incommodious for Travellers; and that in order to render the same safe and convenient, it is neecfforv to take down the Houses and Shambles in The Butchers Rozo, and also Part of a Tenement within the said Town, called The Plume of Feathers, which, by the said Acts, the Trustees are not empowered to do; and that some further and other Powers are necessary to enable them effectually to jviden and keep the said Roads in Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Powers of the said Acts, in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Plumer, Mr. Baker, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. George Bridges Brudencll presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Grounds, within the Parish of Bulwick, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refotved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

16

Mr. EIzjocs presented to the House, according to Meyer’* Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Meyer and - and

pher Henri/ Martens: And the feme was received; and jJ*' read the First Time. a ’

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Titchnurfli thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of indofur*. Lands in the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Titchmarsh, in the County of Northampton, was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners, and others, in the said,

Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, lie intermixed and dif-perfect in small Parcels, and in their present Situation, are incapable of any oonsiderable Improvement; and that if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to the Parties interested therein:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall direct.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Wake and Mr. Frederick Montagu, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The Order of the Day tieing read, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made upon Saturday last.

That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to b6th Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Conv. mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitioorth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account Account of the Transports taken up, or contracted Transport*. for, since September 1775 to September 1777; describing the Tonnage, and what has been paid, or contracted to be paid, for the lame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account. Account of the Number of Seamen and Marines em- Seamen

ployed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the ROVa/\Cavr 1 ft of March 1776, to the 30th of September 1777, both inclusive, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing the Seamen from the Marines, and what Number of each was borne, and what raultered, in the Service.

Ordered,

18 Geo. III. 240 — 25° Novembris.

5.49

.account; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an H.ny Account of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills,

which were made out ou or Ixfore the 30th of September 1777, and which yet remain unpaid; difiinguidling the Sums made out in each Month.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mar (is, 2 5® die Novembris;

Anno 18* Georgii III1" Regis, 1777.

Smrena-e*

ire.

Prayers.

MR. Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting in execution several Arts of Parliament, made in the Sixth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, tile Twenty-eighth Yeas of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Ninth Year of the Reign of His pre-font Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Stevenage, in the County of Hertford,'to Bigglrjwade,'\n the County of Bedford, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for repairing and widening the Road from Corner, to the Turnpike Road at in the County of Bedford, and of several other Persons. w hose Names art thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee ha l examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it. appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow’eth; ris.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Isaac Wilkiufon* Treasurer and Clerk to the said

Trustees, being examined, said. That the Trustees have put the said Roads in very good Repair; that force Part of the Road within the Town of Baldock is narrow and dangerous; and, in order to render the same side and commodious, it will lie necessary to take (low’ll the Houses and Shambles now handing in a Place called Butcher Raw, and also Part of a Tenement, calk'd The Plume of Feathers, within the said Town, which tl:eTrustees are not empowered to do by the said Acts; and that some further Powers are wanting effectually to widen that Hart of the Road.

And the Witness further laid, That he is of Opinion, that the present Tolls will he sufficient to efl’ec-tnate the Purposes proposed, provided the Term of the said Acts be enlarged.

Mr. Edzcard Coach, Junior, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts, passed in the Sixth and Twelfth Years of King George the First, the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, and the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Stevenage, in the County of Hertford, to Bigglejivftdc, in the County of , and other

Roads therein mentioned: And that Mr. , Mr.

Ha/Jiy, the Lord Crauborne, and Mr. Baker, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Kapcott A Pet ition of the several Persons, whose Names are lodoturr. thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the Open Fields, Common, and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship or Liberty of Sapcote, in the County of L.ekesler, on Behalf of t hemfelvos, and all VoL. 36.

the other Proprietors and Persons interested therein, was presented to the House; and readSetting forth.

That it will be advantageous to the Proprietor^of, and Persons interested in, the said Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, to have the same divided and inclosed, and a specific Share thereof set out and allotted to every of them, according to their respective Properties and Interelb therein, to be held in Severalty for ever: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hunger ford. Sir John Palmer, and Mr. Darker, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant td New the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Woodftodt, the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia- Wn^ nient for the Borough of Neio Woodfock, in the County of Oxford, in the room of John Skynner, Esquire, now Lord Chief Baron of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer at Westminster.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are R«lMeu thereunto set and subscribed. Proprietors of Lands and Inctotur*. Estates in the Common and Open Fields of Rushden, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, and of several other Persons, in the said Common and Open Fields, lie inter* mixed in small Parcels, and, in their present State, are capable of very little Improvement; but that it would Jtend greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and other Proprietors of Lands and Commons in the said Open Fields, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to each Proprietor, according to their several Rights and Interests therein:

And therefore praying. That a Bill may be brought in for dividing and inclosing the said Common and Open Fields of Rushden aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Ibid.Petition: And that Mr. Powys and Mr. Knightley do prepare, and bring iu, the fame.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Supply, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion made upon Saturday last, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

W here the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee ofihe whole1 House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Iftimaw* Navy for the Year 1778, with an Estimate of Half ?j®*. Pay of Officers of the Navy, and such of the Officers of the Marines as were employed in the last War, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are pro* posed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Terir

7 A and

25* — Novembrls.

A. 1777.

and Ordinary, for the Year 1778, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1778, be laid before this House;

Ordered, That an Estimafe of the Charge of the

Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1778.be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and of such of the Officers of the Marines as were reduced hefore the fttft War, who are to be on Half Pay, for the Year 1778, be laid before this House,

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of Out tWfioners of Chelsea Hof pit aL, so* the Year 1778, be laid'before this House

Ordered, That an Account of Sendees incurred, and riot provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, she*wdng the Monies arisen within the respective Half Years ended at the 5th Day of April 1777, and the loth Day of October 1777, as well of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called The Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called The South Sea Fund, as also of or for the Exoefs or Surplus of the Fund commonly-called The General Fund.

Refolded, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before thisFIoufe the said Efthnates, Loft, and Accounts.

: Ordered, Hhzi the said Addressbe presented to His Majesty by.such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s irioft honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Me four it, 26* die Nov emir is $

Anno 180 Georgii III"* Regis, 1777.

Prayers.'

Tf R A N CISPopham took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

The Lord Hindungbroolc reported to the House, That Anfuer t« their Address of Yesterday (that llis Majesty Would be Addrsfs lot graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that the Estimates, Lift, and Accounts, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty bad commanded him to acquaint this House, that He v. ill give Directions accordingly.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pur- Eltlmaa* suant to their Address to His Majesty,

Estimateof the'Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and Prelentei1' other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, from 25th December 1777 to 24th December’ 1778, both Days inclutive, being 365-Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1778:

And also, ’

Estimate of the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Establishment of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Six Regiments of Foot, serving in North America, from the 25th December 1777 to 24th December 1778, -both Days inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,'

Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa, iilcluding.those inGarrifon at Minorca and Gibraltar, from the 25th December 1777 to the 24th December 1)78, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

The Lord Barrington also presented to she House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of the Foreign'Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties,-for thb Year 1778: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Artillery for the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1778.

' And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are asfplloweth; viz:'

... ESTIMATE

i S: Geo. III.

26° Novembris.

55i

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Laid Forces in Great Britain, from 25th December 1777 to 24th December 1778, both Days-inclusive; being 365 Days, .,.

Dragoons. /

First Troop of Horse Guards - -

Second Ditto -

llorfe, / Firit Troop of Grenadier Guards

Second Ditto -

Royal Regiment of Horse Guardi

y

First Regiment of Dragoon Guards Second Ditto — - -

Third Ditto -

Earl of Pembroke's Dragoons -

Ear! of Panmare’s 5- - .

Li cut.’General F-Lieut. General Carpenter's Lieut, General I- . -Sir George Hoivard's - -

Sir John Mordaunt's

Lieut. General Joluiston's - -

L.ght Lieut; General Eliott's - *

'First Regiment of Foot (Guards - *

Coldftnpam Ditto - - - .

Third Ditto -

Duke of Argyll's Regiment, 2 Battalions Major General Daniel Jones's Regiment

Sir !ViViamBoothb

Lieut. General Murray's -Foot. \ Lieut. (General Cuningbanie's - -

Sir John if.’bright's - - - *

L"ivl George Lennox's -

Sir TiinmatSpacer Sir David L’ndfay's - - -Li'utt. General Urmfton's -" Lieut. General Sitcrard's -

Lieut. General

Invalids f Major General If Jen's Regiment

Dragoons.

Twenty-six Independent Companies -

Garrisons with Fire and Candid -Contingencies upon Accoimt

M ar Office, 25th November 1 777.

Total

Barrington.

F ’ay of the "troops fj [

Numbers; a nd Regiments for TOTAL.

365 Days.

i- 4

181 - - i7>6°5 3 4

181 - - i7>6°5 3 4I

174 - - 10,870 18 4

17-3 .£ 10,743 3 4

3*9 1,028 26,054 18 4 82',8/j .68

345 " m 18,878 2 1

231 12,896 13 4

231 — . 12,896 13 4

- 231 - 12,896 13 4

271 - 12,896 13 4

2§t - 4. 12,896 13 4

231 tm m 12,896 13 4

23 k" 12,896 13 4

231 - 12,896 13 - 4

231 m m . 12,896 13 4

231 2,6 55 12,896 13 4 147,844 15 £

m m m 327 ~ <* ., »» 16,126 18 *

1.649 - 45,980 17 6

1,058 jr 29>759 *3' 4

1,058 - - 29,814 8 4

L354 26,918 ,15 —

677 - - 13,587 2 6

811 16,111 14 2

677 - - 13,587 2 6

8ll 16,111 14 2

’ - 13,587- 2 6

677 - 13,587 2 6

677 - 13,587 2 6

677 13»58.7 a 6 .

677- 13,587 2 6

677 i3>5s7 2 6 .

677 12,334 13»5S7 2 6 286,981 5 — 1

i3>949 1 8

9°5 - -

2,308 34,240 — 10 48,189 2 6

32,218 16 —

- - - - - 20,000 — — 52,218 16 —

20,057 634,24° 3

l .-i: -Hi-i -nr-nf

ESTIM ATE of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1778.

General and General Staff Officers - - - ' *

War Office, 15th November 1777.

Barrington.

VOL.36. 1 ’ r

Charge for 365 Bays.

11,473 18 6£

fcSTIMATfi

552

26° Novembris

A. 1777

ESTIM ATE ©1* the Charge of the Difference of Pay between tit© British ami I rift Establishment of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Six Regiments of Foot, serving in , from 25th December

1777 to ijUi December<778, both Days inclutive; being 365 Days.

Lieut. General P ref oils Reghnent of Light Dragoons, according to the Brit if 1 Establishment -

Paid by Ireland for the said Regiment -

Difference *

Earl Loonier s Regiment of Foot, according to the 1'1’tablishment - -

Paid by Ireland for this Regiment -

Difference

Lient. General Parker* the same - -

Lieut. General Tm/icr's the same -T.*rd Frederick Cavrndiffi'athe same -Lieut; General Elphiijltmc s the same -

Major General Valentine Jones’s the same —

1

Total

Numbers* Pay for 565 Day S. DIFFERENCE.

494 19,448 8 4

- 7>*il 16 10

r- 11,616 11 6

8li 16,111 14 2

9,227 5 IO

6,884 8 4

Sir 6,884 8 4

811 m - - 6,884 8 4

811 - - 6,884 8 4

811 - - - 6,884 8 4

811 " - - 6,884 8 4

O % \n 52»923 I 6

War Office, 25th Xdvember 1777.

Barrington.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and , including those in

Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar^ from 25th December 1777 to 24th December 778, both inclusive; being 365 Days.

Lieut. General Burgoynes Regiment of Light Dragoons Detachment of Foot Guards, exclusive of Officers Lieut. General Hodgson's Regiment of Foot Earl Percys -

Colonel Prejcoifs-----

Lieut. General Armfivnfs -

Lieut. General S.indford's - I

Earl of Cavan’s - -

Lieut, General Gi/home's -

Lieut. General Mane/.ton's Lieut. General Machafs Lieut. General Gage’s Sir William Hater's Lord Adam Gan ten’s Major General Mafcy's -Major General Grey's -Lieut. General Evelyn's Sir Adolphus Oupiifon's Earl Connealtis's

Lieut. General Campbell's Sir Eyre Cvote's Major General Bigot's

Numbers. r* Pay of the Regiment, fife For 365 Days, TOTAL.

4.9 2 £. s. d. 19,448 8 4

1,069 " - 17,766 7 ii

811 - - iC.iu 14 2

8i 1 - 16,111 14 2

811 - - 16,291 4 2

811 16,111 14 2

811 - 16,in 14 2

811 - -; 1 i6,ui 14 2

811 - -: I i6,m 14 2

811 - - 16,111 14 2

8i 1 - - 16,111 14 2

811 i6,tu 14 2

811 16,111 14 2

811 - - 16,111 14 2

811 - - 16,111 14 2

811 - - 16,1 it 14 2

811 - - 16,111 14 2

811 - 16,111 14 2

811 - - 16,111 14 2

Su - - 16,111 14 2

811 - 16,111 14 2

811 - 16,111 14 2;

Sir

1$ Gfo. III.

Si r HvbcrtHamilton's -

Lord John Murray's -

Lieut. General Cary's -General Abercromby's -

l.ieut. General Had!and's General Vaughans Sir Guy Car let on's -

Lieut. General Soreli's -Lieut. General Maitland's Sir John Clave ring's -

Lieut. General Frederick's Major General Grant's -Sir John Invine's

Loyal American Regiment, 4 Battalions Lieut. General Grant's Lieut. General Pomeroy's

Lieut. General FraJ’er's, z Battalions

Captain Commandant Clarke's Corps

Captain Commandant Dalrymp-

Garrisons in North America, viz. Quebec, Montreal, St. Augustine, PenJ'acota, and South Carolina

Garrisons in Neva Scotia, Halifax, Placentia, St. > Newfoundland, Louijbourg, John's Island, Providence, Bermudas, and Ajrica -

Garrisons in the Islands of St. Vincent's

Dominique, and Tobago -

Officers serving with the Forces in North America, Contingencies upon Account -

26° Novem

M I N O R CA:

Far! of Eglintoune’s Regiment of Foot

Late Major General Barlow's -

Officers of the Garrison, Sic. .

GIBRALTAR

Sir Henry Clinton's Regiment of Foot *

Lieut. General Boyd's Lieut. General IVal/h’s

Major General Baugh's - -

Officers of the Garrifod, Sic.

Provisions for His Majesty’s Forces serving in North America, Nova Scotia, and Sic. de-

ducting i\d. per Diem from each NoH-comroiflioned Officer and Soldier, towards that Expence:

Remains to be borne by the Government -

Provisions for the Regiments at Gibraltar -Provisions for the Forces in the Ceded Islands Provisions for Captain Commandant Clarke's Corps serving in Africa, deducting 2 per Diem from each Non-commissioned Officer and Soldier, towards that Expence:

Remains to be borne by the Government - *

Total

811 16,111 14 2

1,400 24,716 11 8

811 16,111 14 2

811 16,111 14 2

8x1 16,1 xx 14 2

8x1 16,111 14 2.

811 16,111 14 2

477 10,940 17 6

811 16,111 14 2

811 16,111 14 2

811 16,111 14 2

811 16,111 14 2

811 16,111 14 2

2,709 54,604

811 16,111 14 2

811 i6,m 14 2

z>754 48,630 3 4

214 4,170 2 6

578 10,250 8 4

0 c

35>9°4

A .» 3,558 i$ —

*» m 3,226 10 —

A m m 2,786 3 4

« at m - .

677 A m 13,587 2 6

677 *>354 13,587 2 6

m A m ' *

477 4 10,940 17 6

477 m at 10,940 17 6

477 m m 10,940 17 6

477 - 10,940 17 6

1 )UUO

m tm m A m m

m + m a 66,817 16 3

- m m II,68o — —

m A m m 17,684 5 —

m _ m ’ - ’ 2,321 14 10

39,7*8 - -

553

r

70^947 I i

9>S7* 8 4 45,767 19 a 4,000 — —

*7>»74 5 — 5»9*7 11 3:

43»76119 —

*749 3

98,503 16 r

960,843 18 9

War-Office, 25th November 1777*

Barrington.

Vol. 3&

1

7»

554

2(6* Novembris.

A. 1777.

ESTIMATE of the Chafgft of the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties,

for the Year 1778.

v:

mUhrn

GIBRALTAR:

Three Battalions of His Majesty’s Hanoverian Infantry

MINORCA:

Two Battalions of the same ..

Total for Pay of Five Battalions

NORTH AMERICA:

Troops of Hejfe Cajfel, Including Staff Officers ' Two Regiments of Hanau

Regiment of Waldcck Trbops of die reigning Duke of Brunswick, including 3taff Officers - -

Troop's of the Margate of Anfpach, Sic.

Total for Pay -

Subsid idsper Annum; viz.

To the Landgrave of NjfeCajfel^t the Rate of 480,187 Banco Qrbwns - - - - *

To thfe1 Hereditary Prince of Hejfe Cajfcl, at the'Rate of 42,629 Banco Crowns ..

To the reigning Prince of Waldeck, at the Rate of 25,050 Banco Crovtms To the reigning Dujke of Brunswick, at the Rate of 64,500 German Cfowns , - -

To the Margrave of Brandenbourg Anfpach, Sic. at the Rate of 45,000 Banco Crowns -

Total for iSubfidies -

Provisions for the Troops at Gibraltar Provisions for the Fortces in North America, deducing 2 \d.per Diem froih each Non-coauniffioned Officer and private Man, towards that E&pence:

Remains to be borne by the Public r

Charge for 1778 -

To make good a Deficiency in the Sums voted last Session of Parliament for the Regiment of Hanau Chasseurs, to 24th December 1777, inclusive; viz. Pay of 68 additional Chasseurs, from the Days of At-teffation respectively to 14th December 177 7, inclusive Levy Money for D*, at 30 Banco Cifowns each Man Proportional Subsidyl for D*

... Charge for 1777

Total

Numbers,

1.4^3

950

13472

1,164

676

4»300

1,241

*.373

20,847

23,220

23,220

Pay, See. for 365 Days.

28,017 11 -f

18,692 it 3

251,658 7 6

25,184 4 9*

11,342 15 i*

82,429 18 6*

23,179 — 5

115,545 2 4

10,257 15 ' —

6,027 13 if

11,517 17 i|

itr,828 2 6

9.364 17 1

47,160 13 3

- -

1,094 l8 j

16 7 3

534 11 94

t m £

TOTAL.

r. d.

46,710 2 a

393,794 6 4$

154,176 10

56.525 10 4

651,206 9 — |

1,645 17 1

652,852 6 i|

ar-Office, 25th November 1777.

Barrington.

Uttoxeter

&c.

Road.

iS Geo. III.

Novembris.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Artillery for the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant

to Treaties, for the Year 1778.

Numbers. Pay, tec. tot 365 Days. total.

P#y of Three Companies for the Troops of the Landgrave of Hesse Cfffel - - P* of a Brigade, attached to the Regiment of Hanatl D* of Artillery, with the Regiment of Waldeck D* of Artillery for the Troops of the Margrave of Brandcnbourg Anfpach, tfd. - - Total for Pay - 588 128 *4 44 m 774 £. I d. *5.34* 8 4 3*77* *3 4 351 16 8 i,3*6 3 4 £. s. d. ao,7$ja 16 .,§

Proportional Subsidies per Annum; viz. To the Landgrave of Hesse at the Rate of 22,050 Banco Crowns -To the Hereditary Prince of Hesse Cassel, at the Rate of 4,800 D° - - - - -To the reigning Prince of Waldeck, at the Rate of 523 D* - 4 5>35 *5 — M55 i*5 19 — 6,586 14 —

Total - - - 774 " £ 17*379 10 8

War-Office, 25th November 17771.

BarringtoH.

Ordered, That the said Eiiimates do lie itpon the ifcne of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and hare Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House. Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting it! Mr. Frederick Montagu presented to the House, ac- TUchmarfli execution so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty- Cording to Order, a Bill for diriding and inclosing the Inclosure. second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable George the Second, and of another Act, passed in the Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of -Third Year of tl»e Reign of His present Majesty, as marsh, in the County of And the fame

relate to the repairing and widening the Road from was received; and read the First Time.

U/toxeter to Newcaflte under Lyme, and of the Gentle- Re That the Bill be read a Second Time, men. Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Stafford, whose Names are subscribed, was presented to Mr. reported from the Committee, to whom Oxford*

the House, and read; Setting forth, that several the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in &c.

Tolls and Powers were granted by the said Acts, for execution Two Acts, one passed in the Seventh Year Road*,

repairing and widening the said Road, and the Truf- of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and

tees named in the said Acts have proceeded to put the widening the Road from the West End of Thames

fame in execution; and representing to the House, that Street, in the City of Oxford, over Botley Causeway, to the Road branching out of the said Road at Lower the Turnpike Road near in the County of

Lane, in the Parish of Stoke upon Trent, to the Turn- Berks, and the other, passed in the Eighth Year of pike Road on Hem Heath, in the Parish of Trentham, His present Majesty, to e'nlarge and vary the Term in the said County of Stafford, is in many Places and Powers of the Aril-mentioned Act, and for other ruinous, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be Purposes, was referred; That the Committee had ex-effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by amined, and found that the Standing Orders of the the ordinary course of Law; and that it would be for House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turn-the Advantage of the Public, if the Powers of the pike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Com-said Acts were extended to the said Branch: And there- mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared Bill for repairing and widening the said Road from to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Lower Lane to Hem Heath, in such Manner as to the Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s

House shall seem meet. Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the eth; viz.

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do. ex- To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it said Acts Were read: And,

shall appear to them, to the House: Mr. John Phillips, Treasurer to the Trustees acting

And it is referred to Sir William Bagot, Mr. Popham, under the fame, being examined, said. That a conflate.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at derable Progress has been made in repairing the said Vol. 36. Roads

,1

556 s6p Novembris.177

Roads, and several very expen five Bridges have been creeled thereon; in doing which, and' in paying the Sum of /. 700, as directed by the said last mentioned Act* to the Trustees for an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of King George the -Second, for repairing, amongst other Roads, the Road from , through

Eynsham, Cumner, and Botley, to the City of , a Debt has been contracted amounting to £. 1,1,600.

And he produced to your Committee, the Account of Receipts and Disbursements of the Trull, by which it, appeared, that the Whole of the above Debt is Hill owing, together with One Year’s Interest thereon; that-the Income arifingfrdm the Tolls does not rpuch exceed / . 800 per A maim ythat the Outgoings are upwards of £.900 per Annumand that there isnol more

than £.70 at present ip his Hands.

And being further exaihined, he said, That, in order to render the said Road from Botley Causeway to Witnessquit?. commodious, it is necessary to make the same in a direct Line, and of the Width of Thirty Feet," from The Pool, in the Town of , to Stump

Stile, at the North Side of the fame, and through Conduit Lane, and through or by a House and Garden now or late the Property-or in the Post'elfion of Widow Wells, and through or by a Garden or Close now or late the Property or in the Occupation of the Widow

Wajlie, and through or by a Part or Corner of the Close belonging to the Vicar of Eynjhamr and fa on. through the Open or Common Field, to the said Place called Stump Stile:

That, by the said Act of the Eighth of His present Majesty, the Trustees are restrained from erecting any Turnpike between the end of Botley and the

Towns of Fifield and Witney, by which Means Travellers pass Toll-free for the Space of Seven Miles between Botley and Fifield, and Nine Miles between Botley.

and Witney, so that the whole Toll upon the said Roads is collected within Half a Mile of the University and City of Oxford:

That the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, the Debt be paid off, or the Interest annually growing due thereon be discharged, unless the Terms of the said Acts are further continued, the Restrictions respecting the Erection of Toll Gates taken off, and some further Tolls and other Powers granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Terms and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, one passed in the Seventh and the other in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads from over Botley Causeway, to Fifield, in the County of and Witney, in the County of Oxford: And that Mr. Wenman and Mr. Pophamdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Severn A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the and Counties of Montgomery, Salop, Stafford, and

bounty of the City of ,residing near the

Rivers Severn and Verniew, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, an Act of Parliament was made for Preservation of Fishing in the River Severn; and that, notwithstanding the Provisions of the said Act, many Persons do, by improper Nets and other Engines, kill and destroy the Salmon, and other Fish and Fry thereof, to the great Prejudice ' of the Fishery; and that the said Act does not extend ' to that Part of the River Severn which lies in the Counties of Montgomery and Stafford, and County of the City of Worcester, and County of the City of Gloucester, or either of them; and that great Abuses are also committed by Persons taking and destroying Salmon, and other Fish, and the Fry thereof, within that Part of the River running through the said Coun-: tics of Montgomery and Stafford, and County of the

City of Worcester, and County of the City of Glou* cefier, and in the River Verniew, with improper Nets, and other unwarrantable Engines, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and all Persons residing near the said River; and that, if the said Act was amended* and some further Powers given for the Preservation of the Salmon and other Fish in the River Severn, and the Provisions thereof extended to that Part of the River Severn that lies in the Counties of Montgomery and Stafford, and County of the City of Worcester, and County of the City of Gloucester, and to the River

Vernieio, it would be of great Benefit to the Petitioners, and to all Persons having Estates, or residing near the said' Rivers: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for more, effectually preserv-ing the Salmon and other Fish, within the said Rivers Severn and Vernieio, in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. JSaldwyn, Sir William Bagot, &. c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and hate Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account} Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made Exchequer out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain " Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Seventy-seven."

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Dittaj Account of the Monies raised at the Receipt of the Exchequer, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to raile " the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned and to whom the same were issued.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freehold- whifll* ers, and others, residing within the Counties of Dorset Bridge and Somerset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Road* in Behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, that the -Roads leading from Wliijlle Bridge, in the Parish of in the County of Somerset (where the southern Part of the present Turnpike Road leading from Yeovil, in the County of Somerset, to Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, ends), through the Towns and Parishes of Barwick and Clojworth, in the said County of Somerset,

Ryme Intrinjica, Melbury Of/nond, Stockivood,

Sampford, Woolcombe, Froom Saint Quinlin, Sydling

Saint Nicholas, Catjlock, Maiden. Newton,

Stratton, and Charminster, in the County of Dorset,

to the present Turnpike Road in the said Parish of Charminster, that leads from S. in the said County of Dorset, to Dorsetshire, and also the Roads leading from The Cross in Maiden Newton aforesaid, through the several Towns and Parish es of Froom Van Church, Toller Fralrum, Chi froom, Toller Portorum,

Wraxell, Rampisham, CorJcombe, and South

: Perrot, in the said County of Dorset, to the present Turnpike Road to the Stream of Water which divides The said Parish of South Perrott from the Parish of Mifterton, in the County of Somerset-, and also the Roads leading from Furzemore, or Gate,

within the Parish of Broadzoinfor, in the said County of Dorset, through the Parillies of Bcftijiomb, P if don, and Burjlock, in the said County, and through other Parts of the Parish of Broadwinfor, and within

the

26° Novembris.

PopteT.’*

fcat-

Writ.

IycA am

to

Alcrfter

Road.

18 Geo. III.

the said Parish of Broadminflera*d through the Town ami Purish of Beaminster in the said County of Dorset, and through oilier Parts of the said Parish of to a Gate at the South or South-West Side of Dozen within the said Parish of Corfcombe, and from thence through other Parts of the said Parish, and through the Parish of East ,in the said

County of Dorset, and other Parts of the Parish of Sam -pi fit am aforel'aiil, and through the Town and Pufish of Ererjhot, in the Gud County, and other Parts of the Parish of Woolcombeaforesaid, to Th Darfstshire Inn, within

the said Parish of Woolcombe;and also the Hoads leading from t he South-Haft Corner of Ewe

Leaze, within the Parish of Sy aforesaid, through other Parts of the Parish of Nichrlas, and the Parish or d own of Abbas, in

the said County of Dcrj'et, to the South End of the said

Parish or Town of Cerne Abbas; and also the Roads

leading from the Parish of Frampton aforesaid, through other Parts of the said Parish, and the Parish of Winter borne Steepleton, to the present Turnpike! Road that

leads from Dorcheder, aforesaid, to the Town of Brid-port, in (lie said County of are in a very rui-

nousCondit ion, inconvenient for Wheel Carriages, and, in many Places, narrow and dangerous for Travellers, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, altered, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Methods prer {bribed by I^aw: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, turning, altering, and keeping in Repair, the £tid several Roads, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the' Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sir John Treve-

lyan, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to feud for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for naturalizing Francis was read a

Second Time.

lief lied, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Whitworth, &e.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new W rit for the denting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of -S';/ (Tev, in the room of John Esquire, who,

since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Attorney General of the Duchy of

Lancaster.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in execution Three Acts of Parliament, of the First, the Seventeenth, and tie Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Borough of in

the County of Worcester, and amending other Roads mentioned in the said Acts, and also of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, in the Counties of Worcester and Warwick, was presented to the House,

and read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from . the said Borough of Eve/kam to the Market I own of Alcester, in the County of passing from and

through Part of the Parishes of an.!

Lawrence in that Borough, and through the Village of Norton, in the Parish of Norton, with in the County of Worcester, to and over Harrington Field, in the Parish of llarvington, in the same County, and from

- Yol. 3 6.

557

the said Field, through the Parishes of Abbots Salford,

Priors Salford, and Arrow, in the County along New Inn Lane, over Dunnington Ilcath, and through the Village of Arrow, to the Globe in the said Town of Alcester, is in many Places narrow and inconvenient, and in general much out of Repair; and that so much thereof as extends from the said Borough to the Village of Norton aforesaid, is co.mprifed in the said Acts of Parliament, and belongs to a District of Roads called Stonebow District, and another Part of it,

beginning at the last mentioned Place and ending at Dunnington Heath, aforesaid, was, by the said Act of the Thirtieth of his late Majesty, directed to be made a Turnpike Road, and to be continued as such in another Direction to Crabbs Cross, in the Counties of Worcester and Warwick, and that the Road from Norton to Crabbs Cross aforesaid, as described in the last mentioned Act, hath by Experience been found useless to the Public, infonmeh that the Trustees have not repaired it, nor for many Years past caused any Tolls to be. collected thereon, but have abandoned the said Road, without ever having borrowed any Money to make or repair the fame; and that no Money is owing on the Credit of the 'Polls arising on the Roads in the Stonebuzv District, and that if the said several Parts of the said Road from Evesham to Alcester were formed into one District, and manged by Trustees as one continued Line of Road, the Business of repairing tRe same might be carried on more effectually: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for widening, amending, and keeping in Repair, the said Road from Evesham to Alcester in the whole Frxtent thereof, and for repealing, amending, or altering, such Parts of the said Three Acts of Parliament as relate to so much of the said Road as extends from, Evesham to Norton, and from thence to Dunnington Heath,' and to the said Road branching therefrom, and ending at Crabbs Cross aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, a? it shall appear to them,.to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Sfcip-wiih, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, apd Records.

Lord Charles Spencer reported from the Committee, Stokenchurch to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering more effectual several Acts, passed in the Fifth Year of his late Majesty " King George the First, and the Thirteenth Year of his " late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing " the Roads from the Top of Stokenchurck Hill to Enflow Bridge, through the City of Oxford, by Begbrooke,

" to New- Woodstock, in the County of Oxon; and for " repairing the Road from the Crown to

" the Turnpike on Stokenchurch Hill aforesaid; and " for repairing the Mileways on each Side the said " City, therein mentioned," was referred; That the Committee had examined, apd found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, re-

lative to Turnpike Bills, bad been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Pei it ion; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them; to, the House; and, he read the Report, in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the I k ks Table; Where the same was read; and is as fuiiovrolh; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was road: And,

Mr. Pa unci fort Crake being examined, said, That

the Trustees have proceeded in the execution of the said Act, and borrowed several Sums of Money on

7 C the

&ill,

&c.

Hoads.

by

America; Bill to detain suspeeled Perious.

'Account;

Traasport*.

Account; Victualling Troops in

America.

Supply#

558 26° — -27 0 No^.1777.

the Credit thereof; and that there now remains due the Sum of £. 9,050, besides an Arrear of Interest amounting to between 3 and £.400.

That several Parts of the Hoads comprised in the said Acts still want amending, which cannot be effected, and the Whole of the said Roads kept in Repair, nor the Money owing be paid off, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and some further Powers granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering more effectual several Acts, passed " in the Fifth Year of his late Majesty King George M the Firli, and the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty YAngGcorgethe Second, for repairing the Roads

" from the Top of Stokenchurch If ill to Enjlow

through the City of Oxford, by , to

" Woodjloch, in the County of Oxon; and for repairing the Road from the Crown to the Turn-

" pike on S/okenchurch Hillaforesaid; and for repair-

" ing the Mile ways on each Side the said City, as " therein mentioned:" And that Lord Charles Spencer and the Lord Wenmando prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain Persons " charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of High " Treason, committed in any of His Majesty’s Colonies " or Plantations in America, or on the High Seas, or " the Crime of Piracy," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the said Act;

The House was moved, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon Thursday last, together with the Address of this House to His Majesty thereupon, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the said Act: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Sir Grey Cooper, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Expence of victualling the Transports hired by the Navy Board, from the lit oiOclober 1775 to the 30th of September 1777; with all Charges attending that Service.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Expence of the Freight of Victuallers hired to carry Provisions to North America, and the Value of the said Provisions, for the Use of the Troops there; also the Value of all Provisions, &c. shipped on hoard Ordnance Store Ships, Ships of War, Kc. for the Use of the said Troops, from the ill of 1775

to the 30th of September 1777.

The Order of the Day being read;

llie House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re famed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 70 die Novembris J

Anno 18® Georgii IIP’* Regis, 1777.

Prayers.

<VO IIN Meyer and Christopher Henry M took J the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

A Petition of Sir George Shuckbargh, Baronet, and Shu kbor h the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto Indoiure. subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, called Shuckburgh Fields, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners in the said Open Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Grounds, in some Part thereof, lie separated by the Oxford Canal Navigation, and in other Parts intermixed anddifperfed in fniall Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the said Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Estates and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and Common Jtble Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House Audi seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Skipwith and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Sir William Bagot reported from the Committee, Uttoxeter to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for put- Ko*L ting in execution so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of another Act, passed in the Third Y'ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relate to ihe repairing and widening the Road from Uttoxeter to Neiccajileunder I.yme; and of the Gentle-

men, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Stafford, whose Names are subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and . that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Henry Henshallbeing examined, said. That the Road branching out of the said Road, at a Place callecl Lvu cr Lane, in the Parish of Stoke upon Trent, to the Turnpike Road upon Hem Heath, in the Parish of tham, in the said County of Stafford, is iu many Places

ruinous

.'jt,

StCTcnnj*

*c.

Roads.

North Mvms iadoiuie*

Gtlley

Comer

Rosd.

18 Geo. III. Novembris. 559

ruinous and dangerous to Passengers, and also narrow and incommodious; and that the same cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Mel hods provided by Law; and that he apprehends it v.ould he for the Advantage of the Public, if the Powers of the laid Acts were extended to the fai l last mentioned Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to empower the TiT.ftees for amending the Road from Uttocelerto Nciccujtleunder in the County of

S'afflrd, to repair and widen the Road branching out of the said Road at Lower Lane, to the Turnpike Road

on Hern /loath, in the same County: And that S.r William lingo t and Mr. Gilbert do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr, Plumer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Aids, passed in the Sixth and Twelfth Years of King George the First, the Twenty-eighth Year of his late -Majetiv, and the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Loads from Stevenage, in the County of Hertford, to Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford,

and other Roads therein mentioned: And the same was received; and lead the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Mod noble Duke of Leeds,

Lord of the Manor of North My ms, in the County of Hertford, Sir Charles Cocks, Paronet, Laet,

John Hunter, John Michie, ConingtfbyeSibdwrpe, Robert

Leans, Esquires, and the several other Per tons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of other Manors and Lands in the Parish of North My ms, in the said County o was presented to the Houfp, and read; Setting forth. That the Pctb tioners, in Right of their several Estates in the said Parish, have a Right of Common upon a Piece of Waste Land, called North Myms Commons, containing about

Jroo Acres, which lies entirely uncultivated; but, if the ame was divided and inclosed, it would he of great Utility to the several Persons entitled thereto; and that the Petitioners, and the several other Persons claiming a Right of Common thereon, are desirous of dividing and inclosing the fame, according to their respective Interest# therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and bidding the said Common, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Plumer, Mr. tialfey, Mr. Feilde, and Mr. Baker,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Sir Charles Cocks, Baronet, George Rung, and Thomas Browne, Esquires, the Reverend William Brotcne, Clerk. John Heavifide, William Strode, Esquire, John Michie, Esquire, Richard Carter, Esquire, the Reverend William Wilmot, the Reverend John Heath field, and the Reverend Thomas Marsham, Clerks, Charles De Laet, Esquire, Francis Hammond, Esquire,

and Christopher Corrall, Esquire, Trustees under the Acts of Parliament herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King the Second, for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner, adjoining to Endfidd Chace, in the Parish of South Mims, in the County of Middlesex, to

Mill, in the County of Hertford, which was to continue for the Term of Twenty-one Years; and that the Pe-tiiioners have borrowed divers Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act, which have been applied to the Purposes therein mentioned; and that, in the Seventeenth Year of his fai! late Majesty’s Reign an Act passed for continuing and enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the former Act, for the further Term of Twenty-one Years; and that, in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, an Act passed for continuing the Term and Powers granted by the said Two former Acts, and also, the additional Term granted by an Act made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, tc An Act to amend an Act made in the Twenty-sixth " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the " Public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual execution of the " Laws relating thereto," for the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that there now remains due to the Mortgagees, on the Security of the said Tolls, the Sum of 2,400 or thereabouts, the Petitioners having expended very large Sums of Money repairing the said Road, and in purchasing Messuages and Lands, and widening the same in many Places, particularly in the Town of Hatfield, where it was so narrow that Two Carriages could not pass; and that the Tolls and Duties, made payable by the said Act of the Third of his late Majesty, are insufficient for the Purposes therein, and in the said subsequent Acts, mentioned; and the said Road cannot be effectually repaired and kept in Repair, and the Money owing repaid, unless the Tolls and Duties are increased: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for an Enlargement of the Term, and for an increase of the Tolls and Duties made payable by the said Act of the Third Year of his late Majesty’s Reign.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Plumer, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Charles Cocks presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1778, Land Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Vol. 36.

ESTIMATE

Ordnante

Estimate.

k

5 6°

27s Novembris.

A. 1777.

E ST I MAT E of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Tear 1778.

£-87,222 16

20,951----- J

LAND SERVICE:

Ordinary of the Office, comprising Repairs of Storehouses, Magazines, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons, Rents, Salaries, and incident Charges

Gibraltar and North Britain -

Minolta ——

Saint John's and Placentia in -....

Pay of Civil East Florida ——

Officers and/ West Florida ——

Artificers at) Grenada, Saint Vincent, and Tobago -

Quebec -

New York -

Halfax -

Pay of the Corps of Engineers -

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, consisting of 2,880 Men,

Officers included -Augmentation to the Regiment, consisting of 944 Men, Officers

included.....----

Establishment of the Academy at Woolivich -Establillunent of the Laboratory at Woolivich -

Pay of Master Gunners at the several Garrisons in Great Britain, and of the Gunners at Saint James's Park, and the Tower of London -

An Allowance in lieu of Coals and Candles to the Master Gunners and Gunners of the

several Garrisons in Great Britain - - - -....

Pay of an inspector of Artillery for North and the West India

itlands ——

To Major General William Phillips, for the Loss he sustained by the Office of Inspector and Commander of Artillery at Gibraltar and Minorca being discontinued, and also in Consideration of his good Services -

To Col* Samuel Cleaveland, in Consideration of his good Services -

To General William Belford, for his good Services -

To John Chalmers, Esquire, late Major of Artillery, in Consideration of his Services To Col® William Boy, Engineer, for surveying the Coasts of Great Britain, and the adjacent Islands thereto belonging ——

To Lieut. General Thomas Defaguiliers, for his extra Services at the Siege of Pallais, in Belleijle, and upon several Expeditions - - - . - -

To Lieut. Col" Hugh Debbieg, Engineer, for his good Services upon several extraordinary Occasions -

To Col® Joseph Brome, in Consideration of his Services in Flanders and Germany -To Captain Thomas Jones, in Consideration of his Conduct in the Defence of Quebec, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order ijth January1777 - -

To Captain William Congreve, in Consideration of his good Services upon extraordinary Occasions, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 1 August 1777 -

To Lieut. Col® Matthew Dixon, Sub-Director of Engineers, in Consideration of his good Services upon several extraordinary Occasions, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant

1 -August 1777.....- -

Pay of luperanniiated and disabled Officers and Men who have servedwell in the Trains of Artillery, in Flanders, Germany, North America, Africa, the and West Indies, with the Half Pay of Officers reduced, and Widows Pensions.

EXTRAORDINARIES:

Towards repairing the Fortifications, Barracks, Storehouses, and carrying on the current Service, at Gibraltar....

Materials for the said Services -

Charge of improving and (Lengthening the Fortifications at Gibraltar, according to Plans approved by His Majesty -Pay of a Military Company of Artificers serving in the Garrison of

Gibraltar -----....

Towards repairing the Forti-----

fi eat ions, Barracks, Store-J Saint John's, Ferry land, and

houses, and carrying on the j Trinity Harbour, in

current Sefl'ice at - - Placentia -

s. d.

12

18 IO

3 —

T5 IO

13

1 1

£ s. d.

36,092 7 6

1,047 5 ~

1,297 2 6

1,149 15 —

657 —

967 5 —

L.S34 2 —

843 10 —

328 10 —

520 2 6

9,076 6 8

108,173 16 8

1,644 5 ~

947 5 —

2,144 7 6

934 —

456 5 —

456 5 —

9r 5 —

328 10 —

273 15 ~

365 —

456 5 —

.365 '

182 I q —

182 - < \ V IO —

, 182 IP —

182 IO —

9»7 75 10 5 . " *

180,654 9

For

18 Geo. III. 270 .

For keening in Repair the Fort at Arderf and other Fortifications and Barracks in Scotland ——

Towards repairing the Sea Wharfing at -

Towards inclosing and fortifying the Dock Yard at £. d.

Port]mouth ----- 21,000 — — 7

Pnrchafe of Lands ---- 6,337 4 — 3

For keeping in Repair the Fortifications at Ports/noutli and for keeping in Repair the Fortifications in the Plymouth Division Towards enlarging the Gun-Wharf, Magazines, and Storehouses, at Plymouth ——

Towards completing the nevr Fortifications at St. John's, Newfoundland -

To complete the Demolition of the Arraval of St. Phillips, Minorca -Pat' of Engineers, Officers, Conductors, Artificers, and Drivers, with the several Trains of Artillery attending His Majesty’s Forces in North America -

Towards defraying Contingencies of the Trains of Artillery in North

America ——

Towards defraying the Hire of Transports in the Service of this

Office.....- .

A Supply of Stores demanded for Gibraltar -

A Supply of Stores demanded for Minorca -

A Supply of Iron Ordnance and Stores demanded for St. John's

foundland ——

Establishment of Mailers and Draughtfmen in the Tower of London Towards re-bnilding and enlarging several of the Offices of the Ordnance in the Tower -

Tents supplied sundry Regiments of Foot serving in North , for the Campaign 1778, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants 21 May and 7 Aug of 1777 -

Towards defraying the Expence of a New Wharf forming by the Convicts for enlarging the Warren at Woohcich, for the more expeditious carrying on the Service at that Place, estimated at £.8,612 -

To erect Civil Officers Houses, and complete the Canal at the Powder Magazine at Priddy's Hard -

Two hundred Tons of Salt Petre -

£. d.

3.000 -

1.000 — —

27>337 4 —

2.000 -

1.000 — —

6.000 -

3.000 -

4.937 7 10

20,792-----

25,000 j 1

40,000 — - —

6,378 1 11

3,315 10 8

2,382 8 8

2,198 7 6

7,000 — —

6,529 10 2

3,000 — —

2,170 *3 6

0,000 — —

202,161 6 it

Expence of Services performed pursuant to His Majesty’s Orders, and not provided for by Parliament in 1777.

Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange drawn for the Purchase of Stores, and carrying on the current Service at Halifax, in Nova Scotia ——

Bills of Exchange drawn by the Engineer, on account of Fortifications there -

Pay of superannuated and Half-Pay Officers, and others, to 31 December 1777 -

Raising and arming an Augmentation of 944 Men, Officers included, to the Royal Regiment of Artillery, with the Pay of the fame, between 6 February and 31 December 1777, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order 3 February 1777 -

Arms delivered to the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, the xfl, 2d, and 4th Regiments of Dragoons, the 2d Regiment of Dragoon Guards, the ill, 2d, and 3d Regiments of Foot Guards, and to sundry Regiments of Foot, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants 28 December 1776, 1, 27 and 31 January, 10, 14, 17, 25 and 28 February, 29 March, 2, 15, 16, 24 and 26 April, 7, 15, 19, 21 , 10,

13 and 28 June, 9 September, and 24 1777

Arms and Accoutrements delivered to the Militia of the Counties of Cardigan, Stafford, East Kent, and Lancaster, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants 10 December 1776, 6 and 7 February, and 7th May

1777 - - - 1 -

Ammunition delivered to 60 Regiments of Militia, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order 18 May 1763 -

An additional Supply of Ammunition delivered to the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants 27 October and 28 November 1775, 26 April, 15 May, and 13 June

Pay of an additional Assistant Mate to the Laboratory at Woolwich, from 1 January to 31 December 1777 -

Pay of a Barrack Mailer at St. John's and Placentia, in Newfoundland, from 1 March to 31 December 1777, at 8 per Diem -

To Captain Thomas Jones, in Consideration of hisCondudl in the Defence of Quebec, from 27 January to 31 December 1777, at 10s. per Diem, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order 27 January 1777 -Vox.. 36. 7 D

5.681 7 9

7>I73 4 —

184 15 6

25,152 19 8

14,09!

13

4,388 3 10

2,383 17 8

1,089 7 4

80 -

122 8 —

269 10 —

To

L

5*5?

270 Novembris.

A. 1777.-

To Captain William Congreve, in Consideration of his good Services upon extraordinary Occasions, from 27 January to 31 December 1777, at io.v. per Diem, pursuant to His Majesty Warrant 1 1777

To Lieut. Colo Mattheio Dixon, Sub-Director of Engineers, in Consideration of his good Services upon several extraordinary Occasions, from 1 February to 31 December 1777, at ios. per Diem, pursuant

to His Majesty’s Warrant 1 Augit/f 1777 - -

Establishment of Matters, and Draughtsmen in the Tower of London, from 1 January to 31 December 1777, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 7 January 1777-Carrying on and completing the Fortifications at Dominica, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order 28 October 1773 -

Iron Ordnance and Stores feut thither, for the Defence thereof, pursuant to the said Order' - -

To Lieut. Col° Hugh Debbeig, Engineer, for certain special Services performed in the Years 1767, 8, 9, 70, 71 and 72, pursuant to an Order of the Lords of the Treasury 18 July 1777 -

Charge of erecting additional Storehouses, Smiths, and Carpenters Shops, and othe? Buildings, in Woolwich Warren, in 1776 and

1777 ....

Paid Bills of Exchange drawn on account of Works and Incidents at Senegal in 1777, with Pay of the Storekeeper and others, from 1 January to 31 December 1777 - -

Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange drawn by the Paymasters to the Trains of Artillery in North America, and Money sent on account of the Staff and Contingencies in 1777 -

On account of the Hire, of turned Transports to carry Stores, to North ’ America, the West Indies, Mediterranean, and Senegal -

Brass and Iron Ordnance, Mortars, Small Arms, Ammunition, and sundry other Stores, sent to, North America, pursuant to His Majesty’s

Orders....

Money issued for carry- New York - - - 200

ing on the current J Quebec - 1,780

Service and Contan-j East Florida - - - 850

gencies at {WestFlor-ida - - - 2,040

/ EpftFlorida -:. ..... I St. Vincent -

A Supply of Stores de-,) Montserrat -manded and sent to\ Senegal - -

I Jamaica ->

Tobago - -

To his Grace the Duke of Gordon, for Rent of his. Grounds at Fort William, in Norths Britain, for 23 Years, from Whitsuntide 1754 to Whitsuntide 1777,: with interest dne thereon, pursuant to an Order of the Lords of the Treasury, 12 August 1777 - -

Purchase of Lands, for erecting a new Itfagazine and additional Powder Mills at Feverjharp -

Paid the Owners of the Tioecge Brooders, a Dutch Ship, for a Cargo of Small Arms and Powder taken out of the said Ship, pursuant to

His Majesty’s Order - - -....

Building a Gunpowder Magazine in the Bland of St. Vincent

Savings on the Augmentations to the Royal Regiment of Artillery, ordered 21 October and 29 December 1775 -

169 10 —

167-----

1,198 7 6

21,129 19 4

15,688 6 1

2.000 -

7,825-----

1,223 4 3

45,682 5 7

51,568 16 6

71,127 — 7

4,871 16 6

987 13 — 1,083 — 11 469 13 7

1,68.3 11 5

2,928 1*2 — 5,406 1 1

2,495, 10 —

2.000 -

1,466 12 4

79° 9 —

303,479 18 1

2,996 4. 3

C-

Amherst. Charles Frederick. Chat Cocks. Ben. Langlois.

300,483 13 10

683,299 16 6

Ordered, That the said Estimate do. lie upon the Table, to be perused by th6 Members of the House.

Accounts; The House being, informed that some of the Com-;

JiTfl India m'^loners of the Customs attended, at the Door; they Goads, were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Ac. pursuant to the Directions of> several. Acts. of Parliament,

N° 1. An Account of prohibited East India Goods imported into Saint Helen's and private Trade Ware-house, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas. 1776 to 18

Michaelmas 1777; what exported during that Time; and what.remained in the Officer’s Charge1 at -

mas 1777: And also,

N* 2, An Account of prohibited East 'India Goods imported into Leadenhall Warehouse, in the Port of London, From Michaelmas 1776 to 1777?

also what exported during that Time; and what remained in the said Warehouse at Michaelmas 17771 And also,

N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in His Majesty’s Warehouse, in the Port of

London,

America; Bill to detain suspected Persons.

Pkto; Lift of Pc rfons detained.

j8GfA III. 27 Novembris. gdj

Ijmdon, at Michaelmas 1776; what, have been fmce brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1777: And also,

N° 4. An Account of East India Goods, prohibited

to be worn in this Kingdom, in the respective Ware-houses in the Out Ports, at 1776; what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1777; And also,

V 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at Saint Helen’s, Leudenhall, Bill and the Custom

House, in the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1776, in order to he dyed, glazed, and refreshed; what have " been since returned, and what remained at Michaelmas 1777; and also,

N® G. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Hujia, into the Port of Londonfrom Michaelmas 1776 to.Michaelmas17177: And also,

X° 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Ports of Englan, commonly called the

Out Ports, from Michaelmas 17 76 to Michaelmas 1777: And also,

X® 8. An Account of the Xumber of Ships which have lieen employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's JStreights and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens; from whence they were fitted out, anti at what P011 in Great Britain they were discharged;

and also what Quantity of Oil or Whale Fins each Ship has imported in the Year 1777.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to he perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved-amongst the other Papers of this Selfioa.

Sir Gre\/ Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to impower " His Majesty to secure and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of High Treason,

" committed in any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High Seas, or the Crime " of Piracy: And the same was received; and read the JFirli Time.

licfolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House a List of all fuel) Persons, who since the passing of an Act- of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to impower His Majesty to secure and;detain Persons " charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of High " Treason committed in any of His Majesty’s Colonies " or plantations in America, or 011 the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy," have been lei zed or taken in the Act. of High Treason, committed in any of His JM a jesty’s Colonies or Plantations in oron die

High Seas, or in the Act of Piracy; or who have been charged with or suspected of the Crime of! ligh Treason, committed in-any of the said Colonies; of on the High Seas, or. of Piracy, and w ho have been committed’in any Part of His. Majesty’s Dominions lor such Crimes, or any of them, or for Suspicion of such Crimes, or any of them, by any Magistrate having competent Authority in-that Behalf, to the Common Gcal or.other Place of Confinement; together wit h Copies of the Warrants of such Commitments respectively, and of any Proceed* ings which have been had for the Bailing or Trial of any such Persons, by virtue of- any Order from His Majesty’s Molt honourable Privy Council, together' with Copies.of every such Order*-. ..- .

.ViOL. 36.

Ordered, That the fold Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's Moll honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Phelipsreported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, residing within the Counties of Dorset and Sonin jet, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 45th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegation of the said Petition, Mr. John Williams, being examined, said. That the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road at a Place called Whifijt Bridge, in the Parish of in the County of Somerset, through the several Towns and Places

described in the Petition, to the present Turnpike Road in she Parish of Charminster, that leads from Sherborne to Dorchester, and from a Place called the Cro/s, in the Town of Maiden Neicton, to the present Turnpike Road at aStream of Water called South Perrot Water, which divides the Counties of Somerset and and also the Road leading from the present Turnpike ‘Road af or near a Place called Furzmoor or Gate, in the Parish of Broad Winfor, and by to join the Brtdport Turnpike Road at Water,

in the Parish of Beamijler; and from a Place called Bugler's Corner, in Beamijler afweiv by CcetjleyDozen

Gale, through Everjkot, to a House called the shire Inn, in the Parish of Woolcombe, in the said County of Dorset-, and also the Road from the Soulh-Eait Corner of a Place called UpjyEwe Leaze, in the Parish of Sydling St. Nicholas, to the South End of the Town of Ctrite Abbas-, and' also the Road from the Town of Frampton, to join the Wellern Turnpike Road near SteejAeton, are in a ruinous Condition, inconvenient for Wheel Carriages, and in many Places narrow, and dangerous-'for Travellers, and cannot be effectually amended, u'idenedj altered, and kept in Repair, by' the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, turning, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from W Bridge, in the Parish of Barzoick, in the County of Somerset, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Charminster, in the County of Dorset-, and from the Cross, in the Town of Maiden Newton, to a Stream of Water in the Parish of South in the County of Dorset-, and from a Place called Furzmoor Gate, in the Parish of to Lynham’s

Water, in the Parish of Beam; and from Bugler's Corner, in the Town of Beamijler, to the Dorset shire Inn, in the Parish of Woolcombe-, and-from Upfydling Ewe Leaze to the Town of Cerrte Abbas-, - and from the Town of Frampton, to join the Western Turnpike Road near Stecpleton, in the said County of Dorset: And

that Mr. Phelips, Mr. Combe, and Mr. Fox, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according -to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply’ granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Pjace; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; arid are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Tpat Sixty thou fund Men be employed for the Sea

Service,

Whittle

Bridge

Roads.

Supply.

Way* and Means.

Account* trom the Channel Fleet.

Great

Billing

Inclosure.

Bulwick

Inclosure.

564 270 — 28° No1777.

Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, including Eleven thousand Eight hundred and Twenty-nine Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds Man per Month, be allowed, for maintaining the said Sixty-rhou-sand Men for Thirteen Months, including Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Rifolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself iuro a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Ialt Weekly Accounts received at the Admiralty from the Admiral or Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s Ships and Vessels of War at the several Ports of Plymouth, Portsmouth, and Chatham -, together with the lall

Accounts received at the Admiralty of the State and Condition of the Ships and Vessels of His Majesty’s Fleet, employed on Channel Service, or on the Coasts of Great Britain or Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Venerisy 28° die Novembris; Anno 18* Georgii III*" Regis, 1777 . Prayers.

A PETITION of the Right honourable John Cavendish, commonly called Lord John Lord of the Manor of Great Billing, in the County of Northampton, and of several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, or otherwise interested, in the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Com-niou Meadows, Heath, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying and being within the Manor and Parish of Great Billing aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Estates of the Petitioners and others, in the said Open and Common Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed in final! Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but if the fame, together with the said Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Heath, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to and amongst the several Persons entitled thereto in Severalty, in lieu of, and in proportion to, their Lands, Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests therein, great Advantage would arise to the Parties concerned: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, ainl inclosing, the said Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Heath, and other Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Powys and Mr. Frederick Montagu do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meaidows, and Common Grounds, within the Parish of Bulwick, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Powys,

Mr. George Bridges Brudenell,&c.: And they are to meet this Allernoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to enable the Right honourable Robert Craggs Lord Earl Nugent, and the Right honourable Charles Town- Mr. T,>»n* Jhend, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as (head’s Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster Qualification General of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland-, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Chaiies Whitworth, Mr. Frederick Montagu,: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for naturalizing John Meyer and Christopher Meier’s and llenry Martens, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the hill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Plumer, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Potoys presented to the House, according to Or* *"fi-Jen der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and luclosure. Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Rushden, in the County of And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Highgate execution several Acts of Parliament, of the Tenth to Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, the Seventh Year ®*rn* of the Reign of King George the First, the Ninth Year 03 ‘ of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing the Rond from High gate Gatehouse, in the County of to Barnet Blocklwufe, in the County of Hertford, anti the

Road from The Bear Inn in Hadley to The Angel in Enfield Chace, and also Caneiooood Lane, leading from

Highgate to Ilampfead, in the said County of and for repairing and widening the Road, being Part, of the great North Road from London, beginning at Barnet Blockhouse and ending at The Bear Inn in Hadley ' aforesaid; and of the Mortgagees of the Tolls taken at the Gate or Turnpike erected on the said Roads, and of many other Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the Counties of Middlesex and Hertford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees, appointed by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded in the execution thereof, and have necessarily borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, which, together with the Tolls, have been laid out in repairing the said Roads, and other Purposes of the said Acts; and that the Money now due cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads effectually kept in Repair, unless the Terms granted by the said Acts, are further continued, the Powers thereof altered and enlarged, and some additional Tolls granted: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for these Purposes, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of a Committee: Anti that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Byng, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Scc: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Robert Freind, Esqtiire, Lord of the HhrMm Manor of Hitcham, in the Parish of in the Iuelufow.

County of Bucks, the Reverend Henry Sleech, Matter of

Aits,

Answer to

Address

for

Papers*

Account;

Traufporu.

Ways and Means.

Account; Land Tax Arrears.

America; Lift of Persons detained on Suspicion of T reason.

i8Ge6. III. 28° — 290

Arts, Rector of the said Pari A, of the several

ot her Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the said Parish, on behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, that there are, within the said Parish, several Open Common Fields, and also several Commons or Waste Grounds, which in their present State are in-' capable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be very advantageous to the Petitioners, and the several other Persons interested in the said Lauds and Grounds, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them, according to their respective Intereils therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said I^ands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Surfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Ir. Hopkins and Mr. Drake do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Comptroller of the Houshold reported to the House, That their address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Papers, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Sir Char Ifs Cocks presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Transports taken up, or contracted for, since September 1775 to September 1777; describing the Tonnage, and what has been paid, or contracted to be paid, for the feme (by the Ordnance). And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amengft the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into,a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

55

give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a List of all such Persons, who, at any Time since the 1.8th Day of April, in the Year 1775, and before the passing of an Act of the last Selliou of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to empower His Majesty to secure " and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of, " the Crime of High Treason committed in any of " His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America, " or on the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy," have been seized or taken in the Act of High Treason committed in any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High Seas, or in the Act of Piracy, or have been charged with or suspected of, the Crime of High Treason, committed in any of tlfe said Colonies, or on the High Seas, or of Piracy, and ' have been detained in any Part of His Majesty’s Dominions for such Crimes, or any of them, or for Suspicion of such Crimes, or any of them, or have been committed iu any part of His Majesty’s Dominions for such Crimes, or any of them, or for Suspicion of such Crimes, or any of them, by any Magistrate having competent Authority in their behalf, to the Common Gaol, or other Place of Confinement; together with the Grounds and Reasons of such Detainers, and Copies of the Warrants of such Commitments respectively; and of any Proceedings which have been had for the Bailing or Trial of any such Persons, by virtue of any Order of His Majesty’s Privy Council, together with Copies of every such Order.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Moll honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for continuing an Act, made in the Iait Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " empower His Majesty to secure and detain Persons " charged with or suspected of, the Crime of High " Treason, committed in any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly i

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed tQ a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning, next resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to

His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbat7, 2 90 die Novembris;

Anno 18* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1777.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Prayers.

Account of w hat Arrears of Land Taxes were Handing

out at Michaelmas 1777, will the Names of the re- OIR Charles Whitworth, according to Order, respective Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears K3 ported from the Committee of the whole House, remain, and what Proceedings have been had to com- to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and pel the Payment thereof. . Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty,

the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to to report to the House; which he read in his Place; His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to had afterwards delivered in at; the Clerks Table; Vol. 30. 7 E Where

America;

Bill to detain Suspected Penonc*

K Supply.

Way* and Meant-

Wilckcns’i

Nm.

LotuWfacks

Nat.

Cantley,

&c.

Inclosure.

Kimcoatc

and

W‘ i oa Iadoiurc.

506 2 90 Novembris — 1° Decembris. 1777*

Where the same were read j and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to 1 lis Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised within the space of One Year, from the 15th Day of March 1778, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and personal Eliates, in that Part of Great Britain called

Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon and that

a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cider, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance to the 24th Day of June 1778.be further continued, and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cider and Perry which shall be made for Sale within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of June 1778 to the 24th Day of June 1779

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were upon the Question Severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bdl be brought in, upon the First of the said Resolutions: and that Sir Charles Whitworthy the Lord North, the Lord , Mr.

Cornwall, the Lord Westcote, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. Ro-binfon, do prepare and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the other of the said Resolutions: And that Sn Charles Whitworth, the Lord North, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Cornwall, the Lord Westcote, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. Ro-binfon, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

A Petition of Henry Wile kens was presented to the House, and read; Praying that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr Elioes and Mr. Winchcombe Hartley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Charles Frederick Loudonfack was presented to the House, and read; Praying that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. EUves and Mr. Winchcombe Hartley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for rectifying a Mistake in the Name of one of the Commissioners appointed to put in execution an A6i, made in the last Session of Parliament, for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pallures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Cant ley, Brampton, Bejfacarr, and high Ellars, within the several Manors of Brampton and Bejfacarr, in the Parish of Cantlaj, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elwes, Sir George Savile, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, and proceed upon the said Bill, upon Thursday Morning next.

A Petition of several Persons, Proprietors of Land, and other Right, in the Open and Common Fields,

Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable I^ands, in the Liberties of Kimcoale and Walton, in the Parishes of K and Knaptoft, in the County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, that the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, lie intermixed and dispersed iu small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable improvement; and that if the said Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Coijnnonable Lands, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to the several Parties interested, according to their I11-terefts therein, it would be a great Benefit to them: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring'in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, under such Rules and Regulations as shall seem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Mr Hungerford, Sir John Palmer, and Mr. Darker, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lun<ey i° die Decembris;

Anno 18® Georgii IIItU Regis, 1777.

Pr a y er s.

| RDERE D, That there be laid before this House,

a particular Account of disposable Men, who are Supernumeraries, not borne as part of the Complement of any of His Majesty’s Ships, to be taken from the last Accounts received at the Admiralty Office.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of His Majesty’s Marine Forces on Shore at Home, to be taken from the last Returns receiv ed at the Admiralty Office.

Sir John Palmer presented to the House according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish, Lordfiiip, and Liberty of Sapcote, in the . County of Leicester: and the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hungerford presented to the House, according

to Order a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Liberties of Kimcoale and Walton, in the Parishes coate and Knaptoft, in the County of leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending " and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from a " Place called Friar Bacon's Study, to Chilton Pond; " and from the Top of Hinksey to Fox Hill " Gate, in the Road leading to in the County of Berks,"was presented to the House, and

read; Setting forth, that the Petitioners have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit

of

Account;

Supernu-

merary

Seaman.

Account

M nine Force).

Sapcote

Inclose.

Kim coate and Wa ton

Inclosure.

Friar Bacon’* S udy,

Road*

i* Decembris.

Great

Billing

lndofure.

Supply Bill Land Tax

18 Geo. III.

of the Tolls authorized to be taken by virtue of the said Act, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied according to the Directions of the said Act, and great Progresshath been made in repairing the said Roads; and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and, unless the same is enlarged, the present Tolls increased, and the Act amended and made more effectual, the Money borrowed cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads kept in good Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Elwes, Mr. Plumer, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Powys presented to the IToufe, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Heath, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Great Biiiing, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the Full Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

I j Sir Grey Cooper presented to t he Hou fe, according to

Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing FrancisPopham, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Hopkins presented to the House, according to Order a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of Hitcharri, in the County of Buckingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in: and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the tail Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, " for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven " hundred and Seventy-seven ;" Andalfo,

An Account of the Monies raised at the Receipt of the Exchequer, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in pur-luance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Par* 1 lament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty " to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and " Purposes there in mentioned;" and to whom the same were issued.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Am ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the Jail Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer " Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy seven."

The Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of the above Act amount to the Sum of One Million Five hundred Thousand Pounds.

Exchequer, the iff Day of December 1777.

John ITughfon.

Vol. 36.

To

Popham’t

Nat*

Hitcham

inclosura.

Accoipts;

Exchequer

Bill*.

i° — 2° De

1777.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies raised at the Receipt of the Exchequer, by I joobs or Exchequer Bills in pwfoanoe of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty " to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned and to whom the same were issued.

The Monies raised by Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the Sum of One Million, and were issued as follows j viz1.

To Rickard Rigby, Eftjuire, Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces To Charles Lord Cadogan, towards making good the several Expences incurred upon

the Re-coinage of the Remainder of the deficient Gold Coin -To the Chief Cashier of the Bank of England, towards making good the Deficiency of the Gold Coin, and to reiraburfe their Expences relating thereto To Milward Rowe, Esquire, to be by him paid over to the Exchangers of the deficient Gold Coin, and other Expences relating thereto....

£. s. d. 793,300 11 81

20,701 16 9

141,997 6

44,000 — — -

John Hugh/on.

1,000,000 — —

Exchequer, the lftDay of Dec 1777.

So?

Bill;

&a.

Wilckens*

Nat.

Steverage,

&c.

Roatlb.

Oxford,

&c.

Roads.

Ways and Means*

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cider, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight: And the same was received: and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Elwes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Henry Wile kens: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts passed in the Sixth and Twelfth Years of King George the First, the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, and the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from , in the County of Hertford, to Bigglejicade, in the County of Bedford; and other ltoads therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Elwes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Wen?)!an presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Terms, and enlarging the Powers, of Tw o Acts, one passed in the Seventh and the other in the Eighth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads from Oxford, over Bailey Cto in the County of Berks, and Witney, in the County o:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confirier further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

*5

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply, Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy 2° die Decembris;

Anno 18* Georgii III'1' Regis, 1777.

Prayers.

AB I LL for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by Supply Bit a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for band Tal-the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, was read a Second Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom M.vet’» the Bill for naturalizing John Meyer and and ( Henry Martens, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found ’ I the same to be true; and that the Committee had <li- '

rented him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Sevfrq thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of or Persons FUheria. interested in the Fisheries in the River Severn, below Gloucester Bridge, on Behalf of themselves, and others, j

was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, ]

that,

18 Geo. III.

a* Decembris,

that, for several Years pad, the Proprietors and Occupiers of the Fisheries upon the said River, below Gloucester Bridge, have been subject to great luconve-niencies, owing to the restrictive Mode of Pithing the rein, under tile several Acts of Parliament passed in the First Year of Queen and the Thirtieth

of King Charles ihe Second, with respect to the Length of the Nets, and the Size of the Melhes, allowed by the said Acts to be tifed; and that, at the Time of pa (Ting the said Acts there were many Weirs in the said River below Glou Bridge, from which the Fishermen were enabled to take Inch Fish as were proper to be taken with Nets of the Length allowed thereby, which Weirs being now taken away for the Improvement of the Navigation of the said River, the said Length of Nets so allowed is not sufficient; and that several Sorts of Fish, which are not mentioned in the said Arts, and which, at certain Seasons of the Year, conre up the said Fiver in large Quantities, and serve as well to supply the Luxury of the Opulent, as a great Relief and Support of the Poor, who, at such Seasons, are plentifully fitpplied therewith, cannot be taken with Nets of the Length and the Size of the Melhes allowed to be used by the f veral Arts now in force; and that the present Practice of Angling in the said River, in th~ Months when the young Fry of Salmon go down out of the frelli Water, where they were spawned, h;*o the lklt Water, as well below as above 67pucrjler Bridge, is very destructive of the said Fry, which are then liable to be taken in great Quantities; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for altering or repealing so 'much of the said several Arts now in force as relate to Fithing in the said River Severn below with ref|>ett to the Length of the Nets, and also with respect tofheSizeoftlie Melhes, atcertainSeafonsin the Year; and also for the better Preservation of the Spawn and Fry of Fish in the said River, in such Maimer, and under such Regulations and Reitrictious, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Whitworth,

kc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Severn A Petition of the Mod noble Henry Duke of Beaufort,

Fishcric*. being a Proprietor of considerable Fisheries in the River Severn below GLouceJter Bridge, wasalfopresented

to the House, and read; containing the same AllegUr tions and Prayer as in the preceding Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the lull preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Londonfack* Mr. Elwet presented to the House, according to Nat* Order, a Bill for naturalizingCAarfes Frederick

such: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Jiefolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of several Trustees appointed for putting in execution an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the lLafl. End of the Town of in the County of Hertford, through Watton, to Broadwater, arid from the Town of Ware, through to the

North End of the Town of Win the said County,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded to carry the said Act into execution, and have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls; but the said Roads cannot be kept in good and sufficient Repair, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and the Tolls thereby granted increased: And therefore praying, rl hat Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to coutinue and amend the said Act, in such Maimer as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Plumer, the Lord Cran-borne, kc. And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn*

ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and hav e Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Ru/hden, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Poxcys, Sir William Wake, kc.:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, arid Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Tin the County of Noi-thampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Wake, Sir George Robinson, kc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday the Second Day of February next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Nation.

Ordered, That this House he called over upon Monday the Second Day of February next.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do write circular Letters to the Sheriffs and Stewards of the several Counties of Great Britain, requiring the Attendance of the Mem* bers of this House upon Monday the Second Day of February next.

Copies of which Letters are as follow; viz.

Supply Bill; A Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty M*lt See. certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cider and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-eight, was read a Second Time Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refc.lved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-V’OL. 36.

From the House of Commons, the 2d December 1777.

SIR,

I am commanded by the House of Commons to acquaint you. That you are, immediately upon the Receipt of this, to summon the Representatives of your County, and Boroughs within the same, to attend their 7 F Service

Hertford

&c.

Roads.

Ruihden

InclolUfC.

Titchmarfli

liulolurc.

Committee' on the Sta*e of the Nation*

C 11 of the House.

2° Decembris.

America 5 Accouis of Men loft and disabled.

Amrexa» JLIII of Ships, &c.

America; Hospital jUtunu.

Account of Convoys*

57°

Service in Parliament, on Monday the Second Day of February next; and yon are to give me an Account of the Receipt of this, and what you have done thereon, upon Pain of incurring the Displeasure of the said House.

I am, Sir,

Your humble Servant,

Flr Norton, Speaker.

From the House of Commons, the 2d December 1777.

My Lord,

I am commanded by the House of Commons to defier your Lordship, immediately upon the Receipt of this, to summou the Members of Parliament for the Cinque Ports, to attend their Service in Parliament on Monday the Second Day of February next; your Lordship will also be pleased to give me an Account of the Receipt of this, and what you have done thereon.

1 am, with the utmost Respect,

My Lord,

Your Lord (hi p's Molt humble and obedient Servant, Flr Norton, Speaker.

To the Right honourable the Earl of

Holder neffe, Lord Warden of the

Cinque Ports.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all the Men loft and disabled in His Majesty’s I<and Service (including Marines serving on Shore, and all Foreign Troops in Pay) by

Death, Desertion, Captivity, Wounds, or Sickness, in any Province of North America, ft nee the ill Day of November 1774; distinguishing each Year, Corps, and Service.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the different Ships and Vessels of War, and hired Armed Vessels, which have been employed in His Majesty’s Service in North America, fmee the ill Day of November 1774; together with the Number of Men loft or rendered unserviceable in each Ship or Vessel respectively, by Death, Desertion, Captivity, Wounds, or Sickness; distinguishing each Head.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, General Returns of the Hospitals in North America, made up from the tft Day of November 1774 to the ill Day of October 1777; together with the State of them, according to the last Returns; distinguishing the Numbers of Men of all Denominations which have died or recovered during the above-mentioned Period.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Ships of War and armed Vessels, appointed as Convoys to the Trade of this Kingdom and Ireland, since the parting of an Act in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to prohibit all Trade and Intercourse with " the Colonies of New IlampjMqffachufet's Bay,

'* Rhode Island, Connecticut, Netv York, New Jersey, Pensylvania, the Three I^ower Counties on Delaware,

" Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina,

" and Georgia during the Continuance of the present " Rebellion within the said Colonies respectively; for " repealing an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue the M landing and discharging, lading or shipping, of " Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, at the Town and " within the Harbour of Bojton, in the Province of " Massachuset's Bay, and also Two Acts, made in the

"last Session of Parliament, for restraining the Trade " and Commerce of the Colonies in the said Acts re-"spectively mentioned; and to enable any Person or

cc Persons, appointed and authorized by His Majesty " to grant Pardons, to iflueProclamations in the Cafes, " and for the Purposes, therein mentioned ;" distinguishing the Names and Force of the Ships appointed, and the particular Dates and Services upon which they were so appointed as Convoys; together with the Notices given to the Traders of the Time prefixed for their failing, and the actual Times at which they failed respectively.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of His Majesty’s Ships of War which have been employed fmee the parting of the said Act, as Cruizers for the Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom and of Ireland, the Stations of such Ships, and how long ordered to continue thereon, with the Times of their goyig to Sea, and returning into Port.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the last general Monthly Return of the Forces in Great Britain.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the last general Monthly Return of the Forces in Ireland.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the last general Monthly Returns of His Majesty’s Forces, as well Foreign as British, in North America and the West Indies.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That an humble Addressbe presented to His Majesty, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to direct, that there be laid before this House Copies of all such Papers as relate to any Steps taken for the fulfilling of that Clause of an Act, passed in the Sixt(«'nth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act to prohibit all Trade and Intercourse with the " Colonies of New Ilampshire, M Rhode

" Island. Connecticut, Nao York, New JerJ'ey, Penjyt

" vania, the Three Lower Counties on Delaware, Ma~ ryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the Continuance of the present Rebellion within the said Colonies respectively; for " repealing an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, todiscontinue the " lauding and discharging, lading or shipping, of " Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, at the Town and within the Harbour of Bojloti, in the Province of " Massachuset'sBay; and also Two Acts, made in the

" last Session of Parliament, for restraining the Trade " and Commerce of the Colonies in the said Acts re* " spectively mentioned; and to enable any Person or " Persons, appointed and authorized by His Majesty to " grant Pardons, to issue Proclamations in the Cafes, " and for the Purposes, therein mentioned ;" by which Persons appointed and authorized by His Majesty are empowered, under certain Conditions, " to declare any Colony or Province, Colonies or Provinces, or any " County, Town, Port, District or Place, in any Co* " lony or Province, to be at the Peace of his Majesty;" and also that His Majesty would be pleased to direct that a Return of such Colony or Province, Colonies or Provinces, County, Town, Port, District, or Place, in any Colony or Province, as has or have been declared to be at the King’s Peace, pursuant to the Powers of the said Act, be laid before this House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teners for the Yeas,; j S9-

Tellers for the Noes, j J 1?j.

So it passed in the Negative.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into

a Com*

Account of Cruizers,

Army

Return*;

Great Britain.

Ditto

Ireland.

Ditto

America.

American

Colonies*

18 Geo. III.

2* — 30 Decembris.

5/f

Airerrca t a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for demlo Continuin'? an Act, made in the last Session of Pnrlia-suspeard ment, intituled, *c An Act to impower his Majesty to Perfoiu. secure and detain Persons charged with, or suspected " of, the Crime of High Treason, committed in any " of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in,

or on the Iligh Seas, or the Crime of Piracy."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. HobhtJ'on took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Robinson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report he now received.

Mr. Robinson accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill lx* read the Third Time upon Thinfday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 30 die Decembris %

Anno 18* Georgii III*" Regis, 1777.

tee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of Apri 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Samuel Sellzcnod being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof, which now remains due; and that great Progress hath been made in the Repairs of the said Road; but the same cannot be kept in Repair, and the Money now due and owing as aforesaid be repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be enlarged, and the present Tolls increased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from a Place called Friar Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond, and from the Top of llinkfey Hill to Foxcombe Hill Gate, in the Road leading to Farringdon, in the County of Ba les:

And that Mr. Eltves and Mr. Winchcombe Hartley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Meyer and Meier’s Christopher Henry Martens, was read the Third Time. *n<* ,

Rifolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title.

be, An Act for naturalizing John Meyer zx\6. Christopher

Henry Martens.

Ordered, That Mr. Eltves do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Praters.

TAJ E N RY Wilckenstook the Oaths appointed, in

order to his Naturalization.

Wciminster The House being informed that Mr. Seddon, from Bridge. the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of WeJlmivsler to the opposite Shore in the County of attended at the Door;

he was called in; and at the Bar, presented to the House, piirluant to several Acts of Parliament,

A State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from the 5th Day of November 1776 to the 25th Day of November 1777, m-elusive; and also,

Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from the lothDay of October 1776 to the 10th Day of 1777; together

with a Rent Roll and an Account of Bridge Rents, from 5th July 177610 5th July 1777.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books containing the said State and Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Friar Bacon’s Elias reported from the Committee, to whom Study, tcc. the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in exe-Roads. cution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending " and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from a " Place called Friar Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond, " and from the Top of Hinksey Hill to Foxcombe Hill Gate, in the Road leading to , in the County of Berks," was referred; That the Commit -

Vol. 36.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Francis Popham, Popham* was read the Third Time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Francis Popham.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in execution Bonington < an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of N‘gh Bridge his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, " An Roa *'

" Act for repairing and widening the Roads from " Bonington High Bridge to Hale Drove, and to the " Eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Wigtoft, and to " Langret Ferry, in the County of Lincoln," whose Names are thereuuto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded to execute the said Act, and have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit thereof; and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring; and that, unless the Term and Powers thereof are enlarged, the Roads cannot be effectually repaired and widened, nor the Money borrowed repaid: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Power* of the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confiideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Brozcnlow Bertie, Mr.

Lascelles, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine $f the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Law# explain and amend the Laws now in being relating to re^ting *<*

Sewers: weT*’

572 3* — 4° Dec. A. 1777.

Sewers: And that Mr. Pawn all. Sir Richard Sutton, Mr. Fhelips, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. JcchJhn, Mr. Cust, Mr. Sir

George l'otigc, Mr. Tyner, Mr. Mr

Sir George Smile, Mr. Combe, Mr. Mr.

Aliev-, Mr. It yldbore, Mr. Powys, Mr. James Grenville,

and Sir Charles Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

fcokencrurch Lord Charles Spencer presented to the House accord-i»g to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers Road*. 3,1 Act, made in the Second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering moreeffectual several Acts, passed in the Fifth Year of his " late MajdlyKingGfwgetheFirlt, and the Thirteenth " Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, " for repairing t he Hoads from the ’l of of Stokenchurch " Hill to Evjloic Bridge, through the City of Oxford,

" by Bcgbroke, to Acre in the County of

" Ox< nj and for repairing the Road from The Crown Alehouse to the Turnpike on Stokenchurch e-

44 laid; and for repairing the Mileways on each Side 4‘ of the said City, as therein mentioned:" And the same was received; and read the First Tune.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

wpp’y* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonlider further of the Supply grauted to His Ma-jcliy, he now read.

And the said Order being read aecordingly;

Ordered, That the Ellin.ate of the Charge of the Guards.Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, from 25th December 1777 to 24th December 1778, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days, 1>e referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, ’I hat the Estimate of the Charge of the (icneral and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1778, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, 'I hat the Estimate of the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the and Irish Efta-

blishment. of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Six Regiments of Foot, serving in North America, from the 25th December 1777 to 24th December 1778, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, from the 2<yh December 1777 to the 24th December 1778, both ii.dulive, being 363 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1778, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That, the Efumnte of the Charge of Artillery for the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Tieaties, for the Year 1778, be referred to the fair! Committee.

Ordered, That the Eliimale of the Charge of the Office of Ojunance, for the Year 1778, Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the lull Session of Parliament, intituled, An 44 for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies raisedat the Receipt of the Exchequer, by Loa* or Exchequer Bills, in pursuance of an Act, pasted in the hill Session of Parliament, intituled, An Aid for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses anti Purp» fes therein, mentioned," and to w hom the same were issued, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrovr Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Morion fed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Di- from Canada, rections, that there be laid before this House Copies of all Instructions, and other Papers, relative to the Expedition from Canada, under Lieutenant General Burgoynes and also, a Copy of such Parts of the In-ltruClions given to General Sir William Ilowe, as relate to any intended Co-operation with Lieutenant General Burgoyne;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question he now put;

It palfed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole aB ean*‘ House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Supply B:ll; ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Lan<1 Tal‘ House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight.

Resolved, That this House will, To morrow Morning, Suoply Bin; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Ma,t upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cider, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

yoviSf 40 die Dece;

Anno iS* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1777.

Prayers.

THE Lord Hinchingbrook reported to the House, Answer to That their Address of Friday last (that His Ma- Addrefjf* jesty would he graciously pleased to give Directions, Paper*, that the Papers, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and,

that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions according 1 y-

A Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Lei Bridge execution an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Roads* Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for building a Bridge over the River Lea, at or near a Place

called

U

Ik k.

18 Geo. III.

4* Decembris.

5.73

called Jeremy's Ferry, and ftr making, repairibg, and widening Roads from thence into the gteat Roads at Snarejbrook, in the County of Essex, and at Clapton, in the County of Middlesex, and of several Creditors of the Tolls made payable by virtue of the fanie Act, whoseNames are thereunto respectively subscribed, Was

Erefented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, y the said Act, certain Tolls were created, to commence from the ill Day of June 1757, and to continue for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer; and Power was thereby given to Trustees, thereby appointed, to borrow Money on the Credit and Security of the said Tolls; and that such Trustees have borrowed, and divers of the Petitioners, or those under whom they claim, and others, have advanced, several Sums of Money on the Credit and Security of the said Tolls to be applied for the Purposes mentioned in the said Act; and that the same Act, and the Term thereby granted, are near expiring, and there remains due to the Petitioners and others. Creditors as aforesaid, on the Security of the said Tolls, divers Sums of Money, amounting together to the Sum of £. 1,800, or thereabouts; and the said Bridge and Hoads cannot be supported, repaired, and kept in Repair, and the said Money be repaid, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act be continued and enlarged: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill (dr the continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall appear proper and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Grosvenor, &c.: jAnd they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to ladoituc. whom the Bill for rectifying a Millake in the Name of one of the Commissioners appointed Vo put in execution an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and \\ afte Grounds, within the Townships of

BeJJacarr, and High EUawithin the several Manors of Brampton and Beffacarr, in the Parish of , in

the West Riding of the County of , was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committeehaddirested him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Pill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That tl»e Bill be ingrafted.

Highgate Mr. Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom *0 the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in execution several Atts of Parliament, of the Tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing the Road from Highgale Gate house, in the County of Middlesex, to Barnet Blockliouse, in the County of Hertford, and the lload from The Bear Inn, in Hadley, to The Angel in Enfield dime, and also Canezcood Lane, leading from Highgale to Hampstead, in the said County of

sex, and for repairing and widening the Road, being Part of the Great North Road from London, beginning at Barnet Blockhouseand ending at The Bear Inn in Hadley aforesaid; and of the Mortgagees of the Tolls Vol. 36.

taken at the Gate or Turnpike erected on the said

Roads, and of many other Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Counties of Middlesex atad Hertford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the:

25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, bad

been complied with; and that the Committee had *x--

amined the Matter of the Petition; and had directed

him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the

House; and he read the Report in his 'Place; and '

afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Wherd

the same was read; add is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts Were read: And,

Mr. Joseph Ellis, the Surveyor of the.Roads, being,

examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls, has been laid out in the Repair of the said Roads; and that the said Sum so borrowed is now owing upon the.

Credit of the said Acts.

That by reason of the great Number of very heavy Carriages passing the said Roads, some of which are subject only to Half Tolls, and others not subject to any Toll, the Expences of the Repairs of the Roads are so greatly increased that the present Tolls are not sufficient to keep the same in Repair; and that, unless the Terms of the said Acts are further continued, the Tolls increased, and tfte Powers altered and enlarged, the Money now owing cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in proper Repair for the future.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts, for repairing the Road from Highgate in the County of Middlesex, to Barnet Blockhouse. in the County of Hertford, and the Road from The Bear Inn in Hadley, to The Angel in Enfield Chace, and also Caneu'ood Lane, leading from Highgate to jlead, in the said County of Middlesex, and the Road beginning at Barnet Blockhoujeand ending at The Bear Inn in Hadley aforesaid: And that Mr.

Mr. Halsey, and Mr. Byng, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, LordNug*nt’» to whom the Bill to enable the Right honourable Bcbert Craggs Earl Nugent, and the Right honourable nirnd’t Charles Townjkend, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath Qualification of Office as V ice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and" Bill*

Paymaster General, of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Ebcves prefeftted to the House, according to FriarBacon’a Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an S,^y’ Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of Roa^‘. his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from a Place called Prior Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond, and from the Top of Hinksey Hitt to Foxcombe Hill Gate, in the Road leading to Farringdon, in the County of

7 G Berks:

D ized by

Lain

relating to

Seweri.

Account; Savings out o? certain Grant!.

America; Account of the Staff tftahli foment.

Account

of

Recruits.

America;

1 Account of the Commi&uiate.

Dunwich

Writ.

Supply.

574, 4 Decembris.- A. 1777.

Berks: And the same was received; and read the Firit Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tune. *

Mr. Pownall prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend the Laws, now in being, relating to Sewers: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Savings out of the Grants made by Parliament, for the Pay of His Majesty’s National and Foreign Troops, from September the 29th 1775 to September agth 1777; distinguishing each Year, and how the same have been applied.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Establishment of General and General Staff Officers, and Officers of Hospitals, with their respective Pay and Appointments, in North America and the West Indies; for the Years 1774, 1775, 177ft, 1777, and 1778.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Recruits raised for His Majesty’s Service in Great Britain and , from

September 29th 1774 to September 29th 1777; distin-guishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Persons employed in the different Brandies of the Commissariate in North America and the West Indies, with their respective Pay and Appointments, for the Years 1774, 1775, *776, 1777, and 1778.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dunwich, in the County of Suffolk in the room of MiBarne, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or-Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, and

Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Sir Charles Whitzoorth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom if was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, including Three thousand Two hundred and Thirteen Invalids, amounting to Twenty thousand and Fifty-seven effective Men, Commission and Non-Commission Officers included, be employed for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Thirty-four thousand Two hundred and Forty Pounds Three Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Twenty thousand and Fifty-seven effective Men, for Guards, Garisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great

Jersey, and Guernsey, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eleven thousand Four hundred and Seventy three Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Six Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty,

for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine hundred Sixty thousand Eight hundred and Forty-three Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Nine Pence, bo granted to His Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garrifous in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, the Ceded Islands, and Africa, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-two thousand Ninef hundred and Twentyrthree Pounds One Shilling and Six Peuce, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and I rift 1 Establishment of One Regiment of Light Dragoons and Six Regiments of Foot, fen ing in North America, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-six thousand and Seventy-four Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Four Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Five Hanoverian Battalions of Foot at Gibraltar and Minorca, and for Provisions for' the Three Battalions of the said Troops at Gibraltar, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Sixty-seven. thousand Two hundred and Three Pounds Nine Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Thirteen thousand Four hundred and Seventy-two Men of the Troops of the Landgrave of Ilejfe Cassel, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year One thou-, land Seven hundred, and Seventy-eight, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Thirty-five thousand Four hundred Forty-one Pounds Nineteen Shillings and N ine Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Two Regiments of in

the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, pursuant to Treaty with the Hereditary Prince of Cassel, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Six hundred and forty-five Pounds Seventeen Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, to make good a Deficiency in the Sums voted laftSeftion of Parliament for the Regiment of Chasseurs of Hanau, to the; Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand Seven* hundred and Seventy-seven.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum,.not exceeding Seventeen thousand Three hundred and Seventy Pounds Eight Shillings and Two Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of a Regiment of Foot of Waldeck, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, pursuant to Treaty with the Reigning Prince of Waldeck, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ninety-three tlioufuiul Nine hundred Forty-seven Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Four thousand Three hundred Men, the Troops of the reigning Duke of in the

Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight.

Resolved,

18 Geo. III. 4 Decemb575

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, uot exceeding Thirty-four' thousand and Seven Pounds Two Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Twelve hundred and Forty-one Men, the Troops of the Margrave of Brandenbo Anfpach, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty seven thousand One hundred and Sixty Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Provisions for the Foreign Troops serving in North America, in the Pay of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-seven thousand Three hundred and Seventy-nine Pounds Ten Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, (or defraying the Charge of Artillery for the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred and Eighty-two thousand Eight hundred and Sixteen Pounds Two Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Charge of the Offiye of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this (Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred thousand Four hundred and Eighty-three Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, and uot provided for by Parliament, in One thousand Seven hundred and SeventyTevon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds he granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money,

" by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the " Year One thousand Sewn hundred and Seventyseven," and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One Million be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the iaft Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling " His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for " the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned," and charged upon the First Aids to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

The said Kesolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for tnd? punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for tire better Dcfcnioa. Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that the Lord Barrington, Mr. D'Oyley, and Sir Charles Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Amfrfca ? The Bill, now ingrossed, for continuing an Act, made

Bill to d tain ;n the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act Person*1 " to 'mPowep His Majesty to secure and detain Per- fons charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of " High Treason, committed in any of His Majesty’s " Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High " Seas, or the Crime of Piracy," was, according to Order, read the Thu d 'Tune.

Vol. 36.

And a Motion being made, and the Quession being proposed. That the Bill do pass j

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the House do now adjourn;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put. That the Bill do

pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller,

Tellersfbrth.Noes, ]} l6-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing an Act, made in the said. Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to irapower His Majesty to secure and detain Persons " charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of'High,

" Treason, committed in any of His Majesty’s Coldnies or Plantations in America, or on the High Seas, ‘

" or the Crime of Piracy."

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the.Day being read, for the House to Snpoty Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, LandTas. upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax of the Year 1776, out of the Supplies granted for the Year

1778- .

Then the House refolded.itself into the said Com- . mittee.

Mr, Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported fro'mfhe Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow 'Morning.:

The other Order of the Day being read, for the gupply Bill* House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mait, &c.’ House, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Mult, Mum, Cider, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to direct that the Deficiency which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1778 of the Income of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year 1776, to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1778.

Then the House resolved itself into the said -Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitioorth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several

Amendments

Lord

Nugent’s

and Mr. Town-fhends

Qual.fuution

Bill.

DeBeanne's

Nat*

ArfwkMba’s

Nau

Cantley

Inclosure.

570 4 — 5° Decembris. A. 1777

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

mni.w I ftmsrnsmakm 1 IT. — .1 i ,;m i, — — , — r

V inerts, 50 die Decembris;

Anno 18* Georgii III'" Regis, 1777. Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill to enable the Right honourable Robert Craggs Earl N, and the Right honourable Charles Totvvjhend to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was read the Third Time.

Reived, That the Bill do pass: and that the Title be, An Act to enable the Right honourable Robert Craggs Earl Nugent, and the Right honourable Charles *Townshend, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the En joyment of the said Offices.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames. and Mf. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing David Henry De Beanne; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have paired a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing JIans Arfwidjfon; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for rectifying a Mistake in the Name of one of the Commissioners appointed to put in execution an Act, made in the Iaft Session of Parliament, for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and

Waste Grounds, within the Townships of *

Brampton, Bejfucarr, and High Ellars, within the federal Manors of Bramptbn and BeJJacarr, in the Parish of Cantley, in the West Riding of the County of , was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for rectifying a Mistake in the Name of One of the Commissioners appointed to put in execution an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Brampton,

Biffucarr, and High Ellars, within the several Manors of Brampton and Bejfacarr, in the Parish of Cantley, , in the West hiding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing David Henry De Beanne, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Hans Arfwidjfon, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a’Second Time.

Sir Charles Whituiorth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better. Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. 1Sutler, from the Commissioners for executing

the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Seamen and Marines employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from ift March 1776 to 30th September 1777: And also.

An Account of the Transports taken up, or con-trafted for, since September 1775 to September 1777; describing the Tonnage, and what has been paid, or contracted to be paid, for the fame: And also,

An Account of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, which were made out on or before the 30th September 1777, and which yet remain unpaid; distin-guishing the Sums made out in each Month.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The Second of the said Accounts is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the other of the said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

De Beanne’i Nat.

Ariwidflon’t

Nat.

Amor;

Mutiny,

and

Desertion.

Accounts from the Admiralty#

Navy

.iiisdL

iS Geo. Ill

5° Decetnbris. 577

Navy-Office,) Am ACCOUNT of the Number of Seamen and Marines employed in the Servicte of ift December 1777.$ the Royal Navy, from the 1 ft Mard 1776 to the 30th September 1777, upon a Medium

of each Month, distinguishing the Seamen from the Marines, and what Number of each were borne, and what muttered in the Service; prepared pursuant to a Precept of the Honourable House of Commons, dated 2 41 h Nove mberx 7 7 7.

M O N T H S. — Seamen. . - , . Marines.

( \ Borne. > Mustered ' for Victual*. Borne. Mustered for Victuals.

March 1776 21,436 4*>977 6,146 3,241.

April - 22,747 23,265 6,409 3>t°°

Map . - - - - 24,202 24,851 6,576 3,584

June 24,684 25,843 6,852 3,9^3

July - - - - 24,953 25,614 7,076 3,755

Aupujt - 25,958 26,452 7*173 . 3»693

September - - - 26,039 27,174 7,058 4,051

October J - . - - - 27,1^ 27,672 7,014 4,418

Nove - - - 80,411 3I«245 7,219 4>596

Dece - - - 33»m 33,227 7,4oi 4,507

January 1777 - - - 36,289 36,3°9 7»41 z 4,804

February " - 37,551 37,303 7,759 5*4 34

March - - - - 39’5°9 39,453 7,864 5,358

April - - - 40,127 40,270 8,170 5,52.3

May - 41,3l6 41,768 8,572 5,768

June - - 42,044 ‘ 42,284 8,695 5,846

July - 43^55 43,935 8,931 6,108

Auguj- - - - - 44>995 44,611 9,* 39 6,252

September - - - 45>5^9 45,372 9,432 6,341

Total m - ^3I»9I3 638,625 144,898 90,402

Upon a Medium 33,258 33»6n 7,626 4,758

Mc* Suckling, J. Williams. Geo. MT. Brett. R. Temple.'

Navy-Office, 29th November 1777.

Air ACCOUNT of Navy, Victualling, ami Transport Bills, which were made out on or before the 30th September 1777, and which yet remain unpaid, dittinguishing the Sums made out in each Month; prepared pursuant to an Order from the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 24th November 1777; viz.

In what Months made out. Navy Bills. Victualling Bills. i GENERAL TOTAL.

( For Naval Service. For Transport Service. Total.

£ s. d. I s. d. s. d. s. d. £ s. d.

1776. November 44,452 10 a 2 5 >^59 16. 9 69,712 7 5 50,964 *7 2 120,677 4 7

December 75,408 18 6 97,386 5 4 172,795 3' 10 80,369 7 2 253,i64 u —

1777. January 5‘,853 12 8 71,106 16 11 122,960 9 7 68,145 12 10 191,106 2 5.

February 50,87 2 7 5 58,401 15 I 109,274 3 — 64,109 1 8 *73,383 4 8

March - 71»1 *>8 18 7 6-1,116 — 6 I32»314 *9 1 81,540 2 5 213,885 1 6

April - 56,3! 5 1 5 53»310 11 9 109,625 *3 2 94,038 19 5 203*664 12 7

May 72,196 11 5 33,477 3 8 ‘05,673 *5 I , 89,357 18 5 195,031 *3 6

June 77,703 7 10 38,302 7 9 116,005 *5 7 73,285 18 5 189,291 14 — *

July - 94,711 7 10 33,846 18 11 128,558 6 9 59,853 *9 188,412 5 9

August - 84,‘74 6 — 27,237 — 11 111,411 6 11 4i,775 14 1 *53,187 1 —

September " 5,051 ‘7 — 27,434 1 9 142,485. 18 9 42,762 7 8 185,248 6 5'

Totals - 793,938 ‘9 4 526,878 19. 10 1,320,817 *9 2 746,203 18 3 2,067,021 *7 5

The Whole amounting to the Sum of Two millions Sixty-seven Thousand and Twentymne Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Five Pence.

Ma Suckling* 'J. William?; Geo. MarJL

T. Brett. R. Temple.

Vol. 36. 7 H,

Sapcote

inclosure.

KifTiCOJltC

and

Walton

inclosure.

'Wilckens’s

Nat.

Oxford, 4c c. Roads.

Lathorn

and

Skrlmcrfdale

inclosure.

Hitcham

fnclosure.

578 5 0 DecembriA. 1777.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures* Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House. Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the

Parish and Manor of Hitch am. in the County of Buck-

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish, Lordship, and Liberty ofin the County of Isicester, was read a Second Time.

Refotved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elwes, Mr. Hungerford,&c.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pultun's, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Imids, in the Liberties of Kimcoale and H'ulton, in (he Parishes of and

Knaptoft, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second dime.

Ref illed, That the Bill be committed to Mr Mr. Hungerford,&c.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for naturalizing Henry was read a

Second Time.

Refotved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Terms and enlarging the Powers of Two Arts, one passed in the Seventh and the other in the F.ighth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads from Oxford, over Botley Caujiaxay, to in the County of Berks, and Witney, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. man, Mr. Elwes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Richard Wilbraham Ztort/<r, Esquire, and Mary his Wife, Henry As/hcton, Esquire,

Richard Taylor, and llenry Gilt, Gentlemen, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Manors of Lathorn and Skrlmerfdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, several Open Commons and Waste Grounds, containing together Six hundred Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Petitioners Richard Wilbraham Bootle and Mary his Wife are Lord and Lady of the said Manors, and they and the other Petitioners, and several other Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Inclosed Lands, Cottages, and Tenements, within the said Manors, or one of them, and have, l'everally, for themselves and their LeiTees and Tenants, in respect of their several Filiates, Right of Common upon the Waste Grounds in the respecttve Manors where their Filiates lie; and that the said Commons or Waste Grounds are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and a Division and inclosure of the same among!! the several Owners and Proprietors thereof, and Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Intereli', will be a manifeli Advantage to them, and tend great I v to the Improvement of their Estates, and of l’ubl ic Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may lie given to- bring in a Bill for dividing and in-doling the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the said several Manors of Lathorn and Skelmerfdale, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Drake, Junior, and Mr. Grosvenor, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

ingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Grenville, &%-.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber'.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Older, reported Supply,

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Questiou severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, 'lhat the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Supply Bill; from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Malt,

Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cider, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second'lime, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he ingrafted.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, Co- America; pies of all Contrarts made by the Lords Commissioners Army of the Treasury, for the Service of I lis Majesty’s Army Contrafis. in North America and the West Indies, from the lit of January 1774 to the lit of December 1777; as also Copies of all References made of any such Contrarts, and the Reports made to the Board thereupon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Co- ' Ditto, pies of all Minutes of the Treasury, and all Proposals laid before that Board, relating to the furnilliing His Majesty’s Army in North America and the West Indies with Clothing, Provisions, Rum, and such other Articles as were intended to be sent, or were actually sent, by their Orders, from the 1 it of January 17745 and also an Account of what Monies w’ere advanced

' upon any Contrarts or Goods furnished by Commission; and also an Account of any Monies allowed upon any Goods furnished by Cominilftou or Contract, upon Petition from the Contractors, or otherwise, from any equitable Construction of the Agreement under which such Goods were furnished, or intended to be furnished.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- America* posed, That an humble Address be presented to His Colouk*. Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies or Extrarts of all Letters which have been received, by any of His Majesty’s Ministers, from General Gage, Lord Howe, General Howe, and General ,from the

ill of July 1775 to the 5J1 of December 1777, so far as the same relate to Reinforcements of Ships, Marines pr Land Forces;

And

Motion

rejecting

it*

Affwncau

War.

Wpply.

Way* and Mcaua.

Supply Biy; Land Tai*

Supply BUI; Malt, See.

Wiickens*

Nat.

18 Geo. Ilf. 50 — 6° De 579

And the previous Question being proposed, That that Question !>e now put;

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, upon the 'Third. Day of February 1740, of the Address of this House to His Majesty, for Copies or Extracts of all Letters received from, or written to Vice Admiral V, ftnee his going to the West Indies, by either of the principal Secretaries of State, so far as relate to a Supply of Ships, Marines, or l^and Forces, to be laid before the House, might be read.

Ami the same was read accordingly.

Then the previous Question being put. That the said FirA proposed Quell ion be now put;

It pafliHl in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it is the Opinion of this House, that the further Prosecution of the American War muA be attended with an enormous Expence;

Ordered, That the other Orders of the Day be now read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Rejbly cd, That this House will, upon Mo.ning next, refohv itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to confuler farther of the Supply grauted to l'is Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 6° die Decembris;

Anno i3® Georgii IIItU Regis, 1777. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Ijmd Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-eight, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land 'Pax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cider, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, was read the Third lime.

liejblved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cider, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight.

Ordered, That Sir Grey do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing//e«ry fT//cPe/w,wascornmittedj That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

V01.. 36.

Refolded, That this House will, at the Riling of the a^journmwit. House this Day, adjourn till Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Buller, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. State and Condition of His Majesty’s Ships and Vessels in Plymouth Sound, dated 21A November 1 777: And also, *

N° 2. State and Condition of His Majesty’s Ships and Vessels in Hamoaze, dated the 21st November 1777:

And also,

N° 3. State and Condition of His Majesty’s Ships and Vessels at Spithead, and in Portsmouth Harbour, dated the 23d November 1.777: And also,

N° 4. State and Condition of His Majesty’s Ship Russel, dated 23d November 1777: And also,

N° 5. State and Condition of His Majesty’s Ships and Vessels at Sheeruefsand Blackftakcs, dated 23d

November 1777: And also,

N° 6. State and Condition of the Cortquestadore, at the Sore, dated 23d November 1777: And also,

N° 7. State and Condition of the Stirling in

the Downs, dated 23d November 1777: And also,

N° 8. State and Condition of His Majesty’s Ship* and Vessels in the Downs, dated 16th November 1777; And also,

N° 9. State and Condition of the Speedwell, dated 19th June 1777: And also,

N° 10. State and Condition of the Cutter,

dated 8th September 1777: And also,

N° 11. State and Condition of the dated 17th

October 1777: And also,

N° 12. State and Condition of the Arethusa, dated 23d October 1777: And also,

N° 13. State and Condition of the Lurcher Cutter, dated 25th October 1777: And also,

N° 14. State and Condition of the Alderney, dated 25th October 1777: And also,

N° 15. State and Condition of the Wasp, dated 31A October 1777: And also,

N° 16. State and Condition of the Folkestone Cutter, dated 2d November 1777: And also,

N° 17. State and Condition of the Alert, dated 7th November 1777: And also,

N° 18. State and Condition of the Esther Cutter, dated 13th November 1777: And also,

N° 19. State and Condition of the Wells Cutter, dated 15th November 1777: And also,

N* 20. State and Condition of the Cupid, dated 16th November 1777: And also,

N® 21. State and Condition of the Harpy, dated 19th November 1777: And also,

N® 2 2. State and Condition of the Rattlesnake Cutter, dated 19th November 1777: And also,

N® 23. State and Condition of the Ruby, dated 22d November 1777: And also,

N® 24. State and Condition of the Pelican, dated 23d November 1777: And also,

N® 25. State and Condition of the Minerva, dated, 23d November 1777: And also,

N* 26. State and Condition of sundry Ships at Sea, vix. Invincible, as by Return, dated 10th August 1777. Exeter - - - Ditto, - - 12th October.

Egmont - - Ditto, - - 19th October.

Iluffar - - - Ditto, - - Ditto.

Torbay - - Ditto, - - 31st October.

Ramilies - - Ditto,"]

Resolution - - Ditto, 1

Culloden- - Ditto, I _

Royal Oak - - Ditto, f *

Proserpine - - Ditto, 1

Drake - - - Ditto, J

And also,

N® 27. State and Condition of His Majesty’s Hospi-tal-Ship Orford, at $hecmefs, dated 27th November 1777: And also,

N* 28.

ad November.

Paper, from the Admiralty.

580

6:> — 10° Decembris.

J. 1777.

Lift of

L nr of Batrie Ships.

Lin of VWTrli tmdtr me LincolBattle.

Marine

Forces.

Bnl wick Iadofure.

Mariners

and

Stamen.

No. 28. State and Condition of His Majesty’s Ships and Vessels, in the River Thames, dated 27th November 1777: And also,

N° 29. An Account of Ships and Vessels, from which no Keturns are received: And also,

A particular Account of dispolable Men, who are Supernumeraries, not borne as Part of the Complement of any of His Majesty’s Ships, taken from the last Accounts received at the Admiralty-Office: And also.

An Account of His Majesty’s Marine Forces on Shore at Home, taken front the last Returns received at the Admiralty-Office.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the Titles of the said Papers and Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Pajters and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of thd 1 Ioufe.

The said t'apers and Accounts are preferred auiongit the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House,a-Lifi; of 1 he Names of the Line of Battle Ships, now inrCorn-million at Home, and employed upon Home Services; with the State and Condition of each Ship, according to the last Accounts received at the Admiralty Office, before the Twenty-seventh Day of November last; and distinguishing the Time when each of the said Ships n\as commissiontd.

I '

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Names of all the Ships and Vessels under the Line of Battle, now in Commission at Home, and employe:! upon Home Services, with the State and Condition of each Ship, according to the last Accounts received at the Admiralty-Office, before the Twenty-seventh Day* of November last; ami distinguishing the Time when each of the said Ships was Commissioned.

Ordered, That I^eave be given to bring in a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Mariue Forces, white on Shore: And that Mr. Bu, the Lord Palmerston, Mr. Penton, and Mr. Stephens, do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Mr. George Bridges BrndeneU reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and iuelofing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Grounds, within the Parish of Buhoick, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Bills oflnclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had goue through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto.; which they had directed him to veport to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Rill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments w ere Once read throughout ;, and then a . Second . Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Iloufe was moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament," intituled, "An Act for the " better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to serve in " His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessd*," might be read. "

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels: And that Mr. BuUer and Mr. Stephens do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Morning.next, Ten of the Clock.

Marine

and

Sean.cn.

; . V

Mercurii) 10* die;

.. Anno 18* Georgii III"' Regis, 1777.

! . " ..,1, f.

' Plt'A^'ERS.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr.

Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill," intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cider, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the' Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain Persons charged with, or " suspected of, the Crime of High Treafou, committed in any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in " America,- or on the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy;" without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Right honourable Robert Craggy Earl Nugent, and the Right honourable to take in Great Britain the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymalier General, of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to quality themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rest dying a Mistake in the Name of one of the Connuissioners appointed to put in execution an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, w ithin the Townshipfl of Canilcy, Brampton, and

High Etlars, within the several Manors of Brampton

and Beffacarr, in the Parish of Can/ley, in the West

Riding of the County of Yo; w ithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Meyer and Henry

Martens; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Francis Popham; without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Francis Long -, to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Warden and Scholars of New CoU lege, in the University of Oxford, Patrons of the Rectory of the Parish Church of Hardwicke, in the County 20 of

Supply Bill; Land Tit.

Supply Bill; Malt, &c.

America;

Bill to detain suspected Persons.

Lord and Mr. Towa-iliend’s Qiiahficatioa ‘ BAI.

Cantlry

Inclosure.

Meyer*

and

Marten*

Nat

Popham*i

Nat.

Long's

Nat

Htrdwicke

Inclosure.

v'4 - .

18 Geo. III. io9 Decembrts. 581

Huntinr^o*

Writ.

Towcester

thrmigli

SH« rrlion ftoacL

tong

Whatton

Inclosure.

of Bucks, the Reverend John , D. D. Reftdr of the Parish Church of //urrfuwAr.aforesaid, Richard

ding, Esquire, and Adolphus Esquire, Owners

of Lands in the said Parish o was presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, in the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields and Commonable f^ands, containing together 1*150 Acres or thereabouts; and that the Property of the respective Proprietors within the said Parish lie intermixed, and dispersed in finall Parcels, and* in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; hut if the fame, together with the Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands, were divided and inclosed, and specific Sharesthereofallotted amongst the Proprietors, in Severalty, in lieu of, and in proportion to, their Lands, Tythes, Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests therein, great Advantage would urile to the Parties concerned: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields and Commonable Lands within the said Parish of IIurdwicke, as to the House flia.lt seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Karl Verne))and Mr. Burke, do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Sjieaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Huntingdon, in the County of Huntingdon, in the room of the Right honourable

Constantine John Phipps, Lord in the Kingdom of Ireland, w ho since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Com-inissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in execution an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from through

Silverston and Brack ley, in the County of Northampton, and Ardley and Middleton S to Gate, in

in the Parish of Weston ou the in the County of

Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees under the said Act have proceeded to put the same in execution, and have made a consideraiile Progress in amending the said Road; in the doing of which, the Tolls have from Time to Tune been duly applied, and the Sum of £.2,000, borrowed on the Credit thereof, has been expended; and that the said Sum is stilt owing, and a large Arrear of Interest due thereon, which cannot be paid off, nor the Roads be completely amended and kept in Repair, tinless the Term and Powers of the said Act are continued and enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and rejiort the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ca/'toall, Mr. Eger ton, &c.: And they are to meet upon the 20th

Day of January next, at Nine of the Clock in the Morning, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir William Gordon, Knight of the Bath, Lord of the Manor of Ixtng Whatton,-in the County of Leicester, and interested in the Open Fields, and Common or Waste Land in Long Whatton aforesaid, and entitled to several Closes in that Lordship, and of Edward Dawson, Esquire, Charles Tonmley, Esquire, Thomas Borvley, Gentleman, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, interested in the said Fields and Common or Waste Land, and entitled to several In-Vol. 36.

clofutes in Long Whatton afoi’esaid, dn Behalf of themselves, and all other Persons interested in the said Fields,

Common or Waste Land, and entitled to thereftof the Inclosures in that Lordship, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it will be advantageous to the Petitioners, and the other Persons interested in the said Fields, and Common or Waste Land, to have the same divided and inclosed, and specific Parts allotted to them, according to their several Properties therein, to be held in Severalty for ever, and to have the prefen Inclosures in Long Whatton aforesaid, and the Ex*» changes of Land, for the Purpose of making several of such inclosures, established and confirmed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to firing in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Staunton arid Mr. Booth Grey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to enlarge the *fefrri rind Powers Of an Act, stokenchordi made in the Second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering more effectual Roads.

" veral Acts, passed in the Fifth Year of his late Majesty King George the First and the Thirteenth " Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for " repairing the Roads from the Top of StokenchurchHill " to Enjlow Bridge, through the City of Oxford, by " Begbroke, to New Woodstock, in the county of ;

" and for repairing the Road from the Crown Alehouse " to the Turnpike on Stokenchurch Hill aforesaid; and " for repairing the Mileways on each Side of the said " City, as therein mentioned," was read a Second " Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lord Charles Spencer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Friar Bacon* Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of Study, &c. his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending Road*-and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from a Place called Friar Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond, and from the Top of Ilinckfey Hill to Foxcoinbe Hill Gate, in the Road leading to Farringdon, in the County of Berks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elwes,

Mr. Frederick Montagu, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in execution Evetharft Three Acts of Parliament, of the First, the Seven- to teenth, and the Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Alcefte* Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Borough of in

the County of Worcester, and amending other Roads mentioned in the said Acts; and also, of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, ift the Counties of Worcester and Warwick: And also,

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in execution pitta> Three Acts of Parliament, of the First, the Seventeenth, and the Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester, and amending other Roads mentioned in the said Acts; and also of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders and Inhabitants, in the Counties of Worcester and Wanoick;

Were severally presented to the House and read;

Setting forth. That the Road leading from the said Borough of Evesham, to the Market Town of Alcester, in the County of W<ancick, parting from and through Part of the Parishes of All 7 J Saints

Newport

Writ.

58a 10 Decembris.^7.1777.

Saints and Saint Lawrence in that Borough, and

through the Village of , in the Parish

of Norton with Lenckivic/c, in the County of Worcester, to and over Harvington Field, in the Parish of Harvington, in the same County, and from the said Field through the Parishes oiAbbots Salford, Priors Salford, and Arrow, in the County of Warwick, along New Inn Lane, over

Dunnington Heath, and through the Village of Arrow, to the Globe Inn in the said Town of cester, is in many Places narrow and inconvenient, and in general much out of Repair; and that so much thereof as extends front the said Borough to the Village of Norton aforesaid, is comprised in the said Acts of Parliament, and belongs to a District of Hoads called ' tricl, auid another Part of it, beginningatthelaft-mentioned Place, nnden

aforesaid, was, by the said Act of the Thirtieth of his late Majesty, directed to be niade a Turnpike Road, and to be continued as such in another Direction to C the Counties of Worcester and; and that the

Road from Norton to Crabbs Cross aforesaid, as described in the last mentioned Act, hath, by Experience, been found useless to the Public, inso much that the Trustees have not repaired it, nor for many Years past caused any Tolls to be collected thereon, but have abandoned the said Road, without ever having borrowed any Money to make or repair the fame; and that no Money is owing on the Credit of the-Tolls arising on the Roads in the Stonebow Disirid; and that, if the said several Parts of the said Road from Evcfham to Alcester were formed into One District, and managed by Trustees as one continued Line of Road, the Business of repairing the same might be carried on more effectually: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for widening, amending, and keeping in Repair, the said Road from Evesham to Alcefier, in the whole Extent thereof; and for repealing, amending, or altering, such Parts of the said Three Acts of Parliament as relate to so much of the said Road as extends from Evesham to Norton, and from thence to Dunnington and to the said

Road branching therefrom, and ending at Crabbs Cross aforesaid.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in execution Three . Acts of Parliament, of the First, the Seventeenth, and the Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the County of and

amending other Roads mentioned in the said Acts; and also of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, in the Counties of Worcester and Warwick, is referred: And they are to examine the Matter of these Petitions; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newport, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Sir Richard Worjley, Baronet, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Clerks Comptrollers of His Majesty’s Iloulhold.

20

An ingrossetf Bill from the Lords intituled, An Act for natwaYMing David Henry I)e Beam's, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be? committed to Mr. Alderman Wilkes, Mr. Luftrell,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber. " *" -:

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Hans Arfwid as read .-a Second

fT*»

lime.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to Mr: Alderman Wilkes, Mr. Luftrell, &vcAnd they are t<S meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Sjieaker’s Chamber. ‘ *r

Ordered, That there be laid before this House; -an Account of the Gross Produce of the Culioins, of the Debentures, Bounties, Certificates, Salaries, and Incidents, Nett Produce and Payments into the Exchequer, from the Year 1760, as far as the same can. be made Up; distinguishing the Years.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Nett Receipt of the Customs, from Midsummer 1762, as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Article and each‘Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House,-an Account of the Quantities of Iron, Hemp, and Wood, imported into Great Britain, from' the Year 1760, as far as the same can be made up, together with the Gross and Nett Produce of the Duties’ of the same; distinguishing the Years, and distingtiishing the Quantities of each Sort imported-- from'' Airticricd' hi each Year. *> *’ ’-

Ordered, That there he laid bqfore'thiS' House, an Account of the Quantities of Tea Cleared India Company', for Home Cohfurriptioiv, Ir 'elaiul, and America, together with the N6tt ’Produce of' the -Cnf-toms Upon the fame, from the Year 176b, asfarasithe same can be made up ’; distinguishing the Year si- >.

Ordered, That there be laid- before'this Hottfo/.-an Account bf thtf Quantities of all East India Goods imported and re-exported, Tea except ed, from the Year 17(50, as far’as the same can be-made-lip;-together with the Gross and Nett Produce of the Customs upon the fame; distinguishing each Article and each Year, and distinguishing the Quantities of eaeh-'Aitifcle reexported to America, or to Africa. .

Ordered, That there be laid before this House -dh Account of the Quantity of British Plantation Tobacco imported into Great Britain, from the Year 1760, as far as the same can be made up,-and the Quantity exported in the same Period, together with the Gross and Nett Produce of the Duties upon,%the fastie; distinguishing each Year. ' *

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of British Ships and Vessels arrived, and reported in,’ arid cleared from Great Britain, in the Merchants Service, from and to Foreign Parts, from Christmas 1761,88 far as the same cairbe made up; distinguilliing the Years.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Foreign Ships and Vessels arrived, and reported in, and cleared Oirt from Britain, in the Merchants Service, from 1761,

as far as the same can be made up; -distinguishing-the Years: '

Mr. Butter presented to the House, ‘according to Order, a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's

Marine

Dc Betnac* Nat.

Arfwidnbn’i

Nut.

Accounts C Illinois, &c. Gross Produce,

Ditto

NetuUctipt*

Account; Iron, &c.

Account;

Accoutf; Haft India Goods.

Account;

Tobacco.

Account; British bhipi.

Account; ' Foreign Ships*

Mannt

Forces.

18 Geo. III. io# Decembris.

Marine Forces while on Shore: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mariner* Seamen.

Mr. Buller presented to the House, according to Or-

der, a Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships arid Vessels: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Mohf-,neux, Gentleman Giber of the Black Rod:

... Mr. Speaker, »

Koval The King commands this Honourable House to at-Assent to tend llis Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended His Xliyefty, in the House of Peers; where His M;v-jesty was pleased to give the Royal Act'ent to the several public and private Bills following; Viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Laud Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight:

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cider, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight:

An Act for continuing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to impower " His Majesty to secure and detain Persons charged " wijth, or fuf|ierited of, the Crime of High Treason, " committed in any of His Majesty’s Colonies or .".Plantations in America, or on the High Seas, or " the Crime of Piracy:"

An Act to enable the Wight honourable Earl Nugent, and the Right honourable Charles

Jhend, to take in Great Britain the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all His Majeli v’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland; and to quality themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices:

An Act for rectifying a Mistake in the Name of one of the Commissioners appointed to put in execution an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pallitrcs, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Brampton, Beffacarr,

and High Ellars, within the several Manors of Brampton and Beffacarr, in the Parish of in the West

Riding of the County of York:

An Act for naturalizing Francis Popham:

An Act for naturalizing John Meyer and Christopher Henry Martens.

Laws A Bill to explain and amend the Laws now in being, relating to relating to Sewers, was read a Second Time.

Sewers. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday the 29th Day of January next, refoh'e itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Great Billing A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Indofsre. Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Heath, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of a;id within the Manor and Parish of Great Billing, in the County of Nor-lhampton, was road a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Penton, &c,: And they are to Vot. 36.

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. '

Mr. Fox presented to the House, according to Order, Whittle a Bill for amending, widening, turning, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Whi file Bridge, in the Parish of Barwick, in the County of to *-

the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Charminster, in the County of Dorset, and from the Cross, in the Town of Maiden Newton, to a Stream of Water in the Parhh of South Perrott, in the County of Dorset, and from a Place called Furzmoor Gate, in the Parish of Broad Whxjbr to Lynham's Water, in the Parish of Beaminster, and from Buglers Comer, in the Town of Beamister, to The Dorsetshire Inn, in the Parish of Woclcombe, and from UpfydlingEwe to the

Town of Ceme Abbas, and from the Town of Frampton

to join the Western Turnpike Road near Steepleton, in the said County of Dorset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the America; Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- Motion tituled, " An Aril for the better securing the Dependmev of His Majesty’s Dominions in America, upon securing its " the Crown and Parliament of Great ," might Dependency,

be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the Taid Aril;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth. 1

Tellersfor theY^r. %£t*> }

TeHerS.for theNpM,j^r^2^7»L. } l6°-

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Adjournment, posed. That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Tuefda the 20th Day of Jatwaty next.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Tuesday the 20th Day of January next," in order to insert the Words " this Day Sevennight" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yea} r55-

Tellers for the Noes,| ^Lv.^urke.\ 68*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative,

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Tuesday the 20th Day of January next,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Anttmther the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Hatter, the eleriting of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Distririt of Burghs of Anjlrutlier n Easter, Anfirulher Wester, Craill, Pittenweem, and Kilreimie, in the room of Philip Anflndher, Esquire, who, since his Elerition for the said Distririt of Burghs, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’sThreeChiltern Hundreds of Stoke, and Boncnkam, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Halting* the Clerk-of the Crown, to make out a new Writ fot Writ*

the

Scotland; Laws

relating to Bonds*

Supply.

Ways and Mean*

Queen's Answer to congratulatory

Message.

Birmingham

Theatre.

North Mar ft on Indofuie.

5g4

xo* Decembris — 2ou

A. 1778.

the electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of llajlings, in the County of Suffer in the room of the Right honourable Henry Viscount Palmerflon, in the Kingdom of who,

since his Election for the said Port, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to alter and amend the Laws now in being, touching Heritable Bonds, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And that Mr. Pullen Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. A?idreiv Stuart, and Mr. Dempster do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon the

21st Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

liefolved.That this House will, upon Wednesday the 21st Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday the 20th Day of January next. Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Mar its,200 die Januarii;

Anno 18® Georgii III*" Regis, 1778.

Prayers.

THE Lord Cranborne acquainted the House, that the Gentlemen appointed to attend Her Majesty with the congratulatory Message of this House, had attended Her Majesty accordingly; and that Her Majesty was pleased to say.

Gentlemen,

No One can feel, more strongly than I do, every Instance of the dutiful Attachment of the House of Commons tb the King, and Attention for Me.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that, a Petition has been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to license aTheatre in Birmingham; and that the Peti tioners apprehend, that the licensing of a Theatre in the Town of Birmingham will be disagreeable to the major Part of the Inhabitants, and prejudicial to the Interest and Trade of the said Town: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and permit them to be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar, against the Bill, and to grant to the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Owners and Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish and Liberties of North Marston, in the County of Bucks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed, and in their present Situation are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the said Fields, Lands, and Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares

thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to briitg in ;? Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, put-suant. to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Grenville and Mr. Hopkins do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pur-fhant to their Orders,

N° 1. Abstract, Return of the Cavalry, Infantry, and Invalids, in Great Britain, 1st December 1777: And also, N° 2. Account of Men loft and disabled irt His Majesty’s Land Service, including Two Battalions of Marines, and Foreign Troops in by Death,

Desertion, Captivity, Wounds, or Sickness, in North America, since ift November 1774; distinguishing each Year, Corps, and Service: And also,

N° 3. Copy of the Monthly Return of the Corps of His Majesty's Forces under the Command of Sir William Hoioe, ill July 1777: And also,

N° 4. Ditto, State of the Troops, Brit if 1 and German, under the Command of Sir William Howe, encamped at German Town, Ph 13th ber 1777: And also,

N° 5. Ditto, Monthly General Return of the Army in Canada, 1 ft October 1777: And also,

N° 6. Ditto, Return of the additional Companies, Quebec, ift July 1777: And also,

N° 7. Ditto, Monthly General Return of the British Troops, Canada, ift May 1777: And also,

N° 8. Ditto, General Monthly Return of the German Troops, Canada, 1 ft May 1777: And also,

N° 9. Abltrad of the last General Monthly Return# of His Majesty’s Forces in the West Indies: And also,

N° 10. Account of the Savings out of the Grants made by Parliament, for the Pay of His Majesty’s National Troops, from the 29th September 1775 to 29th September 1777; received from the Paymaster General’s Office: And also,

N° 11. Copy of the Establishment of General and General Staff Officers, and Officers of I lospitals, with their respective Pay and Appointments in North Arne* rica, for the Years 1774 and 1775: And also,

N° 12. Ditto 1776; And also,

N° 13. Ditto, Establishment of General and General Stalf Officers, and Officers of Hospitals, with their respective Pay and Appointments, in North,

and the West Indies, for the Year 1777: And also,

N° 14. Ditto, for the Year 1778: And also,

N° 15. Ditto, Establishment of Hospital Officers belonging to His Majesty’s Garrisons in North America and the West Indies, with their respective Pay and Appointments, for the Years 1774, 1775, 1776} 1777, and 1778; And also,

N° 16. Account of the Number of Recruits raised for His Majesty’s Service in Great Britain, from 29th September 1774 to 29th September 1777,distinguishing each Year: And also,

N° 17. Account of the Number of Persons employed in the different Branches of the Commissariate in North America and the West Indies, with their respective Pay and Appointments, for the Years 1774, 1775, and 1776, so far as the same comes within the Department 01 this Office: And also,

N° 18. Ditto for 1777: And also,

N° 19. Ditto for 1778.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule was read.

The ift,2d, 3d, 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th, nth, 12th, 13th, 14th, 15th, 16th, 17th, 18th and 19th, of the said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the 1 oth of the said Papers is as followeth;

ACCOUNT

Account! rrfpettingtM Arm).

20° Januarii.

585

18 Geo. III.

ACCOUNT of the Savings out of the Grants made by Parliament, for the Pay of His Majesty’s National Troops, from the 2,9th of September 1775 to the 29th of September 1777.

Relpits made in the Silbfistence of the Augmentations to the following Corps, for the Year 1775, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant dated the 20th of January 1777.

lft.

2d. 4th. 5th. 6th. 7th. 8th. lOtll. 13th. 14th. if, th. 16th. 17th. lit.

2 2(1.

a 3d.

2jth.

ah th.

27th.

28th.

ayth.

31st.

32d.

33'l-

3'A

36th. 37th. 38th. 40th. 41 IK 42(1. 43d. 44th. 43th. 46th. 47th. 49* It* 52(1. 54th. 55th-57th. 60th. 60th. 60th. 60th. 63d. 64th. 65th. 66th. 68 th. 6yfh. 70th.

*775-

Duke of Argute's First Battalion Royals Duke of Argyle’sSecond Battalion Royals Lieut. General Sir Charles Montagu's Foot Lieut. General Hodgson's Foot -

Leut.. General Farl Percy's Foot -

Lieut. General Sir William Boothby's Foot Colon*. I Richard Prejcotl's Foot -

Lieut. General Armstrong's Foot -

Lieut. General Sand ford’s Foot *

Honourable Lieut. General Murray's Foot Lieut. General Cunningham's Foot -Lieut. General Earl of Cavan's Foot.

Lieut. General GiJborne'sYoot Lieut. General Monek ton's Foot I lonourable Lieut. General Mackay's Foot Honourable Lieut. General Gage’s Foot -Honourable Lieut. General Sir William Hoioe's Foot Lieut. General Lord George Lennox's Foot Lieut. General Lord Adam Gordon's Foot Major General Mq/fey'sFoot -

Major General Erie’s Foot -

Lieut. General Evebpi’s Foot -I icut. General Sir James Adolphus Oughton's Toot Ma jor General William AmherjtFoot -Lieut. General Earl Cornzcallis'sYoot -

Lieut. General Campbell's Foot -Lieut. General Picrjon's Foot -Lieut. General Sir Eyre Coute's Foot -Major General Pigott'sFoot Lieut. General Sir Robert Hamilton’s Foot A Regiment and 26 Independent Companies of Invalids General Lord John Murray's Foot -Honourable Lieut. General Carey’s Foot -General Abercrombie's Foot -Lieut. General Haviland'sFoot -Honourable Major General Vaughan's Foot Lieut. General Sir Guy Carleton'sFoot -

Honourable Lieut. General Maittand’s Foot Lieut. General Sir John Clavering's Foot Lieut. Genera] Frederick's Foot -

Major General James Grant's Foot -

Lieut. General Sir John I mine's Foot -

Lieut. General Lord Amherjt’sFoot, ill Battalion Ditto 2d Battalion

Ditto 3d Battalion

Ditto - - 4th Battalion

Lieut. General Francis Grant's Foot -

Lieut. General Pomeroy's Foot -

Lieut. General Unnsion's Foot -

Major General Gobbctt's Foot - -

Lieut. General Lamb ton's Foot -

Honourable Lieut. General Sherrard'sFoot Lieut. General Trapaud'sFoot - -

Sa\ ings on the Pay of Ma jor General Gabbett’s Regiment of Foot front the 29th of September 1775 to the 24th of December following, both inclusive -

1776-

Savings on the Pay of Two additional Companies of Lieutenant General s Regiment

of Foot, from the 24th of September 1776 to the 24th of December following, both inclusive

Total - - /

-V. 8. Refpits are directed to be made, by His Majesty’s Warrants dated the 5th of January 1778, on the Pay of sundry Regiments of Foot in the Year 1776, amounting to^. 27,6905 m Inch will be Savings to the Public, when the Pay-Warrants are issued, and the proper Acquittances given to the Paymaster General.

Yol. 36. 7 K

s. a.

388 17 6

388 17 6

388 17 6

631 7 —

631 7 —

631 7 "

631 7 ~

631 7 —

631 7 "7

388 17 6

631 7 ~

631 7 —

631 7 —

631 7 ~

325 6 8

631 7 —

631 7 —

388 17 6

631 7 —

631 7 —

631 7

325 6 8

325 6 8.

325 6 8

J55 5 —

631 7 —

325 6 8

631 7 —

631 7 —

63* 7 —

6,130 7 8

600 — — .

631 7 —

631 7 —

631 7 —

631 7 —

631 7 —

631 7 —

631 7 —

155 5 —

631 7 —

*55 5 —

388 17 6

388 17 6

1,500 .

1,500

631 7 —

631 7 —

631 7 —

325 6 8

325 6 8

388 17 6

325 6 8

34,850 6 — 2,607 *6 6

463 I 4

37,921 3 10

Ordered

qo° Januarii. A. 1778.

Wigtown

Hoads

and

Bridges*

KMmate,

&c.

Navy.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of John Agnew, Esquire, as Prrefes of a General Meeting, and in the Name of the Freeholders, Justices of Peace, Commissioners of Supply, Heretors, or Landholders, of the County of , was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by reason of the great Number of lloads and Bridges within the said County, the Powers granted by Law in Scotland, relative to Highways and Bridges, and the Services, Work, and Monies, which are thereby authorized to be exacted and levied, have been found in-sufficient to amend and keep in Repair the Roads and Bridges within the said County; and that other and further Powers are necessary, effectually to amend and keep in Repair the Roads and Bridges within the same: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the said Freeholders, J uftiees of Peace, Commissioners of Supply, Heretors, or Landholders, of the said County, effectually to amend and keep in Repair the Roads and Bridges within the same.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Corisideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House r

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Dundas, Mr. Feilde, &c.; And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Bailer, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, prefen ted to the House, pursuant t« their Address to His Majesty,

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1778: And also,

An Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buiklings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in his Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other extra Works, over and above what arc proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, in the Year 1778.

Mr. Bulleralfo presented to the House, pursuant to

their Orders,

An Account of the Expence of victualling the Tranf-ports hired by the Navy Board, from 1 October 1775 to 30 September 1777, with all Charges attending the fame: And also,

A Lift of the Names of the Line of Battle Ships now in Commission at Home, and employed upon Home Services, with the State and Condition of each Ship, according to the last Accounts received at this Office before the 47th of November last; and distinguishing the Time when each of the said Ships was commissioned: And also,

A Lift of all the Ships and Vessels under the Line of Battle, now in Commission at Home, and employed upon Home Services, with the State and Condition of each Ship, according to the last Accounts received at this Office before the 2.7th Day of November last; and distinguishing the Time when each of the said Ships was commissioned.

And the Titles of the said Estimates, Account, and Lifts, were read.

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, and the said Account and Lifts, are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstract of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, and the other Estimate, are as followeth; viz.

j 8 Geo. III.

20° yanuarii.

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 177$*

5^7

V

3-

A-

F>-

6.

7-

8.

9*

10.

11

12.

*3-

it-

*5-

16.

*7*

Yards.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, 8Cc. Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, and Instruments, and Contingencies relating thereto ——

Superannuated Sea Officers -

Pensions and other Allowances -

r Chatham. -

| j Deptford -

Wodzoich -

Portsmouth -

Shermcjk -

Plymouth -

Muster Mailers and other Officers of the Out Ports Wages to Shijrs and Vessels in Ordinary -

Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein - -

Charge of Harbour Mooring and ! I arbour Rigging -

Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and -of the Docks, Wharfs, Buildings, Sc. ——

Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers -

Bounty to Chaplains ——

Ordinary Charge of Sick and Hurt Seamen - -

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 1778

To which may be added.

To the Governors of the Royal Hospital at , for the Support and Relief

of Seamen worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, who shall not be provided for within the said Hospital, for the Year 1778, Four thousand Pounds ——

c *4 d

46,802 8 X

28,667 — 4

24»598 2 —

6,480 16 XX

36,528 6 5

16,412 16 8

34»6oo — —

106,880 .

81,200 — — .

1,231 17 6

5»799 8 X

389,200 l6 . —

4,000 — — .

£393,200 16 —

And then the Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 1778, amounts to Three hundred

Ninety-three thousand Two hundred Pounds Sixteen Shillings.

AT* Suckl T. Brett.

J. Williams, W. Bateman.

Geo. M.

R. Temple.

Vol. 56.

Navy

D

(Q

n'

CD

CL

CT "<

o

o

Navy-Office, 28th November 1777. Crt

00

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of what maybe necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s and the Merchants 00

Yards, and other extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, in the Year 1778; prepared pursuant to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 25th Inltant.

Time when may be Charge of their

Place where. Guns. Ships Names. Nature of their Repair. TOTAL.

r "

Completed* Taken in Hand. ' Hulls, Malls, and Yards. Rigging and S lores.

Deptford - 74 Alexander t Building In Hand Augujfnext - 1 15,000 £ 6,964 £ 21,964

Alcide - - Building . In Hand December 1778 5,000 1 5,000

64 Magttan - - Building In Hand July 1779 - 3,000 - - 3,000

24 Amphitrile - - Building 1 In Hand August next - 5,000 2,800 7,800

Woolzvich - 74 Edgar _ Building In Hand September 1779 15,000 3>4°° 18,000

64 Sampson m - Building In Hand October 1780 6,000 - 6,000

Sloop Fortune - - Building In Hand April next 2,000 *>594 3>594

28 Jason - m - f Fitting for Home 7 In Hand January next 2,000 1,000 3,000

— Quebec - - \ Service - -$ In Hand Uncertain 2,000 1,000 3,000

Chatham - 9° Atlas - Building In Hand Uncertain 6,000 6,000

74 Montagu - - Building In Hand June 1779 8,000 1,000 q,oooo

Alfred - - Building In Hand September next 15,000 5>455 20,455

50 sLeander - - Building In Hand Uncertain 2,000 - 2,000

44 Dolphin - - Building In Hand Uncertain 1,000 - 1,000

Sloop Nymph - - Building In Hand April next 2,196 1,500 3.696

9° Namur - - Large Repair In Hand June next 1*»235 3»635 14,870

74 Triumph - - Not surveyed - Uncertain 5,000 - 5,000

32 Diana - - Wants middlingRepair m m June next 3,800 2,692 6,492

Sheerness - 64 Polyphemus a. Building In Hand Uncertain 6,000 350 6,35°

Sloop Fairy - - - Building In Hand August next - 2,500 2,059 4,559

20 Lively - - Wants small Repair January next March next - 1,440 1.892 3,332

Portsmouth - 9° Saint George Building In Hand Uncertain 2,000 - 2,000

74 Warrior - - Building In Hand Uncertain 6,000 1.694 7,(i94

5° Leopard . Building In Hand Uncertain 4,000 lOO 4,100

24 Crocodile - - Building In Hand June next 3>43> 1,500 4,935

— Eurydice - - Building In Hand June next 4,223 *>747 (>,970

OC

D

eg'

n'

CD

Q_

cr

n

o*

o\

74 Marlborough Small Repair

28 Guadaloupe - {Between (mail and4 ( middling Repair -)

9° Barjieur - WantsmiddlmgRepair

.74 Arrogant - (Wants bet-' ecu finally .( and middling Repair

Plymouth - 100 Royal Sovereign Building

00 Glory - Building

64 Anfou - Building

74 Cufar - Ordered to be built

5° Medu/a Building

'20 Narcissus Building

74 Defence Large Repair

Hero - Largo Repair

MERCIIAN'

H/wr Thames - -I 1 5° Jupiter - Building

! 44 Janus - ¥: Building - *

28 New Budding

44 Atteon — - Building *

Harwich - 64 Inflexible m Building

44 Charon - Building - .

Ipswich 24 New m Agreed for to be built

Sloop Savage- - Building

Mijley thorn Sloop New m Agreed for to be built

Eafi Cowes 64 Repulse -; Agreed for to be built

Southampton 28 Pomona - Building

BucklerOiard 64 Agamemnon - Agreed for to be built

50 Hannibal - Building

44 Romulus - Building

28 Sibyl - Building

— Brilliant - Building

Bristol - , Medea - Building

— Crescent - Building

Liverpool - - 44 Ulysses Building

24 Hyena - - Building

1 5° . 1 Adamant - Building

In Hand - m July next - - 4,000 2,000 6,000

In Hand - - February next 1,500 2,651 4,151

w m - Uncertain - - < 10,000 3>°94 13,094

- Uncertain - - 9,50° 4,594 14,094

In Hand - December 17 79 1,000 - — 1,000

In Hand - December 1781 3,eoo — 3,000

In Hand - September 1779 8,000 8,000

- - 1 6,000 — 6,000

In Hand - March 1780 - 4>oco — 4,000

In Hand - June next 2,500 1,000 3»5°°

In Hand - December 1778 8,500 355 8,855

In Hand - ni ► — > 1 1 8,000 i,5°o 1 9,500

Total King’s Yards - £. 204,829 56,576 261,405

S YARDS.

In Hand - - June next - - 7,018 4,698 ii,7iG

In Hand - - May next - - 5»3°7 4,000 9>3°7

In Hand - - October next - 6,427 2,000 8,427

In Hand - - January next - 3»227 2*35 5,462

In Hand - September 1780 7,000 — 7,060

In Hand - 06lober next 7>787 4,000 r^ 00 *-4

« _ December 1778 5>322 - — . 5»322

In Hand - - April next i,7*4 2,200 3,914

« 3m - Mai'chi’iiy - 1,602 — 1,602

- December 1780 7,000 — 7,000

In Hand - - September next 4,4i5 3>44° 7,855

October 1780 - 7,600 — 7,600

In Hand - - 0 September next 5iioo -2,300 7,400

In Hand - - Next Month - 2,087 4,000 6,087

In Hand - - July next - - 5,365 1 >7 54 7,"9.

In Hand - September next 5,365 8,219

In Hand - March next - 3,465 2,200 5,665

In Hand - October liext - 4,75° 1,500 6,250.

In Hand - November T779 7,980 2,000 9>9So

In Hand - - March next - 2,892 . 2,800 5,69 2

In Hand - - February 17 So 6,000 1 — 6,000

00

o

w

o

<-n

﻿g

cq'

N

CD

Q_

cr

Leith

Chatham -Portsmouth

Plymouth -

24 I Penelope - - - Building - In Hand - September next - 3.70* »,4o» 6,502

28 New - Agreed for to be built - May 17^9 6,427 2,000 8,427

24 New - - - Ordered to be built - w ..... 5,322 5,322

Sloop New - Ordered to be built - - - 1,602 - 1,60c

- Fury . - - Building - In Hand - August next 2,3x6 *,594 3,910

Total N Merchants Yards - 126,792 "48,375 *75,1^7

Total King’s Yards - - 204,829 56,576 *61,405

Grand Total - SB 331,621 104,951 436,572

- Towards building Marine Barracks

On Works of the Yejps:

To 400 Feet running Length of Stone Wharf in the Channel leading to the Boathouses - - - - .

To 300 Feet running Length of Stone Wharf on the West Side of the Camber - -.

To the Foundation of the Eigging-House -

To the Foundation of the Storehouse for fitted Rigging ....

To complete the middle Storehouse ——

To complete the Ropahouses - .

To build Four new Houses for the Surgeon, Boatswain, Clerk of the Rope Yard, and Matter Ropemaker -

Towards carrying on 200 Feet of Wharfing, and Drain at the Back of it, in the Front of the intended Range of Boathouses, on the North Side of the Mult-Pond ——

Towards building the Two Westernmofl Bays of Boathouses -

Towards carrying up Four Walls for forming the Locks, and making Locks for Malls ——

Towards erecting Three Bays of Plankhouses over the Locks ——

Towards building Three Bays for Tops and Capstan-houses, and forming a Slip in Front of them -

Towards building 150 Feet of Wharf Wall, Eall End of the new Mali-houses, with the Return of the Cqins of the Paflfage between the Mafthouses, for conveying them to and from the Pond ——

Towards completing Four Bays of Mafthouses ——

Total - -

Grand Total - -

ABSTRACT:

For the Ships' in His Majesty’s Yards

For the Ships in Merchants Yards -Towards the Improvements in the Yards

f Hulls -

I Rigging and Stores f Hulls -

I Rigging and Stores

- 204,820?

56,576.

126,792' 48,375.

... Grand Total -

„ ' 1 , V

Viz. The Sum of Four hundred Eighty-eight thousand Six hundred Ninety-five Pounds.

Mcc Suckling. 7- IViUiams.T. Afar/h.R. Temple.

- 261,405

- I75>l67

5

£. 488,695

c

5,000

x 1,200 8,400 2,100 1,768 833 242 4,238

3,000

1,562

4,547

2,220

2,245

3,679

1,089

52,123

488,695

VC

o

0

e

1

00

Army; Mutiny and Sdtition.

Navy;

Letter

ref

seasoning

Timber.

Account, of Oak*

Navy; LettVr wiring Guard-i hips.

BnrVhampton

Indofore.

Bulwick IrKwiui c.

18 Geo. III. o.o° Januarii.

Ordered, That the said Estimates, Account, and Lifts, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read a Second Time.

Rfnlved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, fefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter from the Coinmifltoners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Navy, dated the 8th March 1771, respecting the seasoning of Timber, the seasoning the Frames of Ships, and other Means to be used to pre-rent ihe rapid Decay of the Ships of the Royal Navy.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Oak Timber, which was remaining in Store, and due upon Contract, in His Majesty’s Dock Yards, on the 30th September 1770, and the 30th September 1777.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, an F.xtrail of so much of a Letter from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Navy, dated the :3d Map 1771, as relates to the Ships appointed to do the DiPy of Guardships, being always kept in proper Condition to be lent upon any Service at the ilioitcft Notice.

A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of certain Fields and Commonable I^nds in the Tything or 1 hamlet of Rockhampton, in the Parish of Chipping Lambuurne, in the County of Berks, was presented to the llou.'e, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Tything or Hamlet, several Common Fields, Common Downs, and other Commonable Lands, winch, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the said I^ands were divided, and speeilic Allotments thereof made to the I'.*’, oral Persons interested therein, according to their respectue Fights, Shares, and Interests, the same would he nni< h improved in Value: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for d tiding, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the said Common Fields, Common Downs, and Commonable Lands, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the Monte shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, purl mint to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Winchcombe Hartley and Mr. Elu.es do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Grounds, within the Parish of in the

Comity of Northampton, was read the 'I bird lime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, And Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

0 pen and Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Grounds, within the Parish of Bulwick, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That M r. George Bridges Brudenell do carry (he iidi to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The I Tonfe bein g informed that Mr. Fox, from the Commissioners of t he Customs, attended at the Door; he was ealled ip; and, at the Bar, presented to the

1 louse, puritnuit to their Order, "'

*' VcL. Jfci.

An Account of the gross Produce of the Customs, Accsnht» of the Debentures, Bounties, Certificates, Salaries, and Custom*. Incidents, net Produce, and Payments into the Ex- Net Produce, chequer, from the Year 1760, as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the Years.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed in Keighley and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, patfed in the «« Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing, amending, and widening, the Road from " Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York,

" to Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Wt

and offeveral other Persons, whole Names are thereuntor

subscribed, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Trustees, appointed to put the said Act in execution, have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the 'Polls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied according to the Directions of the said Act; and that the Term granted by the said Act, and which war continued for the further Term of Five Years, by an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of his said late Majesty, relating to the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, is near expiring; and that the Tolls granted by the said first-mentiooed Act are insufficient for the Purposes of keeping the said Road in Repair, and paying off the Money borrowed, and several other Alterations and Amendments are neceftliry to be made in the said Act; and that the said Road cannot be kept in good Repair, and the Money owing be repaid, unless the Term of the said Act is further continued, and the said Act amended and made more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Winch combe Hartley, Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Henry Wilckens, Wilckens* was read the Third Time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Henry Wilckens.

Ordered, That Mr. Elzves do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several of the Trustees to an Gloucester

passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his a®* late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading " from the City of Gloucester, towards Cheltenham and " Tewkesbury, in the County of to wit,

the Road leading from the City of Gloucester, to the Smith's Shop at or near a Place called Bedlam (being Part of the Road from the said City to in the County of through the several Parishes,

Hamlets, and Precincts, of Saint Mary deLoad, Woolon,

Longford, Elb ridge, Churchdoun, St aver ton,

lIeydon, Uckington, Arse, un<\ Swindon, in the said County of Gloucester; and also the Road leading from the said City, towards Teiokesbury, to a certain Bridge upon

the said Road, at or near a Place called Norton Mill (being Part of the Upper Road from Gloucester to

Braybrooke

inclosure.

‘CMerton

Inclosure.

592 20° — 21® Januarii. A. 1778.

Tewkesbury aforesaid) through the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Precincts, of St. Mary de Load, St. Catherine, otherwise St. Oswald, King's Holm, Longford, Twigworlh, Dcnvnhatherly, and Norton, in the said

County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Act has been put in execution to the Advantage of all Persons travelling on the said Roads, but is now near expiring; and that the Money due on the Credit of the said Act cannot be paid, nor the said Roads kept in Repair, unless the said Act be continued, and in some Kespects amended: And therefore praying that Leave may be given to bring in a Bdl to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-. mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to t h eHouse:

And it is referred to Mr. Barrow, Sir &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 210 d

Anno 18* Georgii III1" Regis, *778.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Braybrooke, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common Fields, lie inconveniently intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the said Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing ami inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Elwes, Mr. Powys, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Sir George Savile, Baronet, (Owner of the greatest Part of the Lands within the Township of Ollerton, in the Parish of , and County of

Nottingham) and of several other Freeholders within the said Township, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Township of Ollerton aforesaid, several Commons, or Waste Lands, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but if the same were inclosed, and specific Allotments made thereof to the Petitioners, and the several Persons interested therein, according to their resprCtive Rights and Interests, the said Lands might be put. in a State of Cultivation, and greatly improved: And therefore praying^ That Leave pnay be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Conations, or Waste Lands, in such

Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Edward Bentinck and the Earl of Lincoln do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Landowners, and Persons interested in the Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Kerf all, in the Parish of Kneefand Count)- of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the said Township, which lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are inconveniently situated, so that the; same are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that if the fame, together with the Commons and Waste Grounds, were divided and inclosed, it would tend to the great B nefit and Advantage of the Parlies concerned: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord EdzcardBentinck and the Earl of Lincoln dot

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Joseph Blount, Esquire, the Reverend. T. Nowell, Doctor in Divinity, Thomas Greenwood, Charles Saunders, John King, Alexander liofe, and others, Owners and Proprietors of Land, and otherwise interested in the several Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Chalgrove, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Fields lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their piefent Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and it would be advantageous to the fe-. veraj Persons interested therein, and in the said other Commonable Lands, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in such planner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Wenman and Lord do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Honourable Sir William Gordon, Knight of the Bath, a Proprietor of Lands in in the County of Leicester, of the Reverend WiL

ley. Clerk, Rector of the said Parish, and of the several other Persons,.whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said P.arish of Kegxcor/h, certain Open Common Fields, known by the Names of The IlorfecroftField, The Middle Field,

Field, and The Nether Fields; and also several ' ora-mon Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, containing together, by Kllimation, 2,000 Acres and upwards; aw} that the said Common Fields, Meadows, Pasture Grounds, and Commonable Places, lie open and uninclosed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any great Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be of considerable Benefit to the Petitioners, and tire other Persons interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, Meadows, Pasture Grounds, and Commonable Places, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

pursuwit

Knfall

Inclosure.

Chalgrove

lttCioiUKC,

Kcgrvortk

inclosure,

Edington

lndosure.

Keighley

to

Kirkby

Kendal

Road.

18 Geo. III. & januarii £93

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hungerford, Sir John Palmer, and Mr. Darker, do

pr.-pa-e, and bring in, the lause.

A Petit ion of the fevered Persons whose Names are thereunto lubscribed, for and on Behalf of themselves, and other*, O vners and Proprietors of Lands and Grom.'is v. tiiin the Parish of in the County of Hi.ts, was prefonted to the House, and read; Set-

ting forth, That the Estates of the Petitioners, and the f \oral other Persons, fi mated within the Common and Open Fields, Common Downs, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the said Parish, lie intermixed and disperstd, and, in their present State, are incapable of being improved to the utmost Advantage; and that it would be beneficial for the Petitioners, and the other Parties interested in the Premises, if the said Common and Open Fields, Common Downs, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, were exchanged, divided, allotted, and inclosed, according to the respective Rights of the Petitioners, and the feverat other Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That I^eave may be given to bring in a Bill for exchanging, dividing, and in-ciofing, the said Common and Open Fields,. Common Towns, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Iniuls, within the said Parish of Edington, in the said County of Wilts'.

Ordered, Th it Leave he given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Pi aver of the said Petition: And that Mr. Owen of Pembroke and Mr. Elwes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petit oa of several of the Trustees, appointed in and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing, amending, and widening, the Road " from Keighley, in the West Hiding of the County of " York, to Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of West* " moreland," and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, hod been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to (he House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it' in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. William Carr, Treasurer to the said Trustees, informed your Committee, That there is now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act, the Sum of £. 5,00©, which cannot lie paid off, and the Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is further continued.

The Witness said, That there are several very steep Hills upon the said Road, which might be avoided in case some Parts of the Road were turned, which would be of great Advantage to Travellers; but, as the turning the said Road will be attended with a considerable Expence, it is apprehended the Trustpes will not be able to effect the fame, unless the present Tolls are increased.

And he added. That several Amendments and Alterations are necessary to be made to the said Act.

Mr. Mark Wilson confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-fixtly Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing, amending, Vol. 36.

" and widening, the Road from Keighley, in the West " Riding of the County of York, to Kirkby in in the County of West moreland:"And that Sir George

Savile and Mr. Lafcelles do prepare; and bring in, the fame.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Antoine Bazin: And the same was received; and read the First Time. v

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bartow reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of, or Persons interested in, the Fisheries in the River Severn below. Gloucester Bridge, on Behalf of themselves, and others and also the Petition of the Mpft noble Henry Duke of Beaufort, being a Proprietor of considerable Fitlieries in the River Severn below Gloucester f were several ly referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as tfiey appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, for Prfefervation of Spawn and Fry of sith; was read; which enacts. That no Person tliall sith, or take Fish, with any Net or Engine, but only with Net or Tramel, whereof every Meih or Math shall be Two Inches and an Half broad (Angling excepted): And an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for Prefer vat ion of Fishing in the River Severn, was also read; which confirms the Size of the Meshes as declared in the said Act of Queen Elizabeth, and lays a Penalty on all Persons who thall sith, below Gloucester Bridge, with any Net for taking the Sorts of Fish therein mentioned, which shall be above Sixty Yards in Length; or with more than One of those Nets at a Time. And,

Mr. Richard Mafhfteld, who has been a Esther man all his Life-time on the River Severn below Gloucester Bridge, and who is 67 Years of Age, being examined; said. That great Inconveniences have arisen to the Fisheries, owing to the restrictive Mode of fithing preferred by the above Acts, the Methes of the Nets being too large, and the Nets too tliort; that the Methes of the Nets being so large, they will not take several Sorts of Fith, namely. Lampreys, which are in feafop in February and continue till May, also another Sort of Fith called Shads, in season the tame Months, and are much esteemed as Delicacies; and also another Sort of Fith called Thwaites, which are in season, and come in great Shoals and Quantities about the latter End of April, and continue till June, and are a boney coarse Fish, but chiefly supply the Poor of the several adjacent Parishes, and many other Places; that there is also another Species of Fith about the same Month o i June, after the larger Salmon are gone up to spawn, called Botchers (of the Salmon Kind) which are ftipted in their Growth by not being tpawned in due Season.

Mr. Daniel Ellis and Mr. James Darke, Fithernjep,

confirmed the above Evidence.

Mr. Mai/hfield further said. That, the Length of the Nets, allowed by the said Acts, are not sufficient, owing to the Weirs being taken out of the River for the Benefit of the Navigation; and that formerly they could only sith between the Weirs and the Shore.

The Witnesses declared, That the ltatiitgble Nets are too short, the River in fopie Places being from 150 to 500 Y'ards broad: And,- ....

Mr. Maifhfield, being further examined, said, That the present Practice of Angling in the said River in the Months.of March and September, when the young Fry of Salmon go down out of the fresh- W^r, where

7 M ' ' they

Bazin'i

Nau

Severn Fiftieriei:

594 2 I0 — 22*

1 they are {pawned, into the salt Water, is very destructive to the said Fry; that he has known one Person catch Twelve Dozen in a Morning, and as many more m an Afternoon, With a single Line, and that the same Person can manage Ten or Twelve Lines at a Time; besides which, they are caught in great Numbers by laying in Baits.

This Evidence was likewise confirmed by the Two other Witnesses.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of Two Acts, passed in the First Year of Queen Etizabeth,.a.nA Thirtieth Year of King Charles the Second, as relates to the Size of the Medics of Nets, and to the Length of the Nets, to be used in the River Severn below Bridgeand for bet-

ter regulating the Fidieries, and preserving the Spawn and Fry of Fish, in the said River: And that Mr. Barrow, Sir William Gui/e, Mr. Chester, and Sir William Codrington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

*rn»y» OrdeYed, That the Order of the Day, for the House and y 1° resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Dtfcrtion. upon the Bill for 'pOnishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refomed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to deceive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning*

Briflington A Petition of John Ejlridge, Tongue,

Inclosure. Ireland, William Dinham, Robert Wentworth, James, Esquires, William Hull, Richard Edols, John Hawkins, Daniel Phelpsand others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is within the Parish of Briflington otherwise Bufsleton, and County of Somerset, a large open and uncultivated Common or Trad of Ground, called Brijlington, otherwise BuJ'sleton Common, containing, by Estimation, 395 Acres; and that Joseph Langton, Esquire, is Lord of the Manor of Brijlington otherwise Bufsleton aforesaid; Francis Popham, Esquire, is seised of the Right of Patronage and Presentatiort of and in the Parish Church of Brflington otherwise Bufsleton; and William James is Impropriator of and entitled to all the Great Tythes within the said Parish; and the Reverend George Popham is Vicar of the said Parish Church; and that the said Joseph Langton, Jb/in Ejlridge, Henry Tongue, James Ireland, Robert Wentworth, William Dinham, Abraham James, William Hull, Richard Edols, John Hawkins, Daniel Phelps, and others, as Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the said Parish, have a Right of Common upon the said Common or Trad of Ground; and that it would not only be of great Benefit and Advantage to all Persons interested in the said Common of Trad of Ground, if the same was divided and inclosed, but of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said Common or Trad of Ground, as to the House in their Judgment shall seem meet.

Ordered, Thait Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Combe and Mr. Phelipsdo prepare, and bring in, the Same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring iu a Bill

Janudrit* A. 1778.

for appointing Commissioners to put in execution an Land Tax Ad of this Session of Parliament, intituled, " An commit. " Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a " Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight," together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land TaX: And that Sir Grty Cooper and Sir Charles Whitivorlh do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Upon Friday Morn- Ways ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole end Meant. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till To-ttiorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis> 2 2 0 die Januarii;

Anno 18° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1778.

PR AtfcRS.

MR. Cafivall reported from the Committee, to Towcerter whom the Petition of several of the Trustees Jj>roufb for putting in execution art Ad, passed in the Thirtieth a^ oa Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Towcejlet, through Silverston and the County of Northampton, and Ardley, and Middleton Stotiey, to WestonGate, in the Parish of Wefion on the Green, in the County of Oxford, was referred j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared t.o them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. William Hayton, being examined, said. That the’

Trustees have proceeded to put the Ad in execution, and have borrowed the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, which has been expended in the Repair of the Road, and o#ier Purposes of the Ad; that the Term granted by the said Act is near expiring; and that the said Sum, together with a very large Arrear of Interest, remains owing, and cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act is further continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Towcester, through Silverston and Brackley, in the County of Northampton, and Ardley, and Middleton Stoney, to |

Weston Gate, in the Parish of Weston on the Green, in the County of Oxford: And that Mr. Cafwall ami Colonel Egerton do prepare, and bring, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for an Act, Gloucrila passed in the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty King and George the Second, for enlarging the Terms and Powers I*0"* of several Acts, passed for amending the Road from °*

Gloucester

t 8 Geo. III. 22" Jantiarii. 595

Gloucester to Stone, and the several Roads leading from lirijlol, and like wife several other Hoads in the respective Acts mentioned, was presented to the House, and road; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the execution of so much of the said several Acts as relate to the Dilirift of Road leading from the City of Gloucefiet' to the Town of , in the County of Gloucester, and a cOu'iderable Sum of Money hath been borrowed on the Credit thereof* which* with the "Polls collected, have been applied t'owards the Repair of the said Roads; and that the Term granted by the said Act of the Thirty-first of* George the Second, is near expiring; tmd unless the same is continued, and some further and greater Powers granted, the present Debt cannot be discharged, and the said District of Road be effectually amended and kept in Repair; and that the several Roads, directed to be repaired by the said Acts, are upwards of Eighty Miles in Extent, and upwards of Twenty Turnpikes are erected thereon; the Petitioners therefore conceive, that if the Dtftrift of Road leading from the City of Gloucester to or near the Town of was separated from the other Districts of Roads, (being unconnected therewith) and Comprised in One Act only, it would beattemled with less Inconvenience, and prevent Consulion: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Pui-poies aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think moll proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; ami report the fame* as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Barrow, Sir William Gili/e,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers* and Records.

Sipcot* Mr. llungerford reported from the Committee* to

Inckrsure. whom the Bill fordividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Pa-rith, Lord 111 ip, and Li berty of Sapcote, in the County of Leicester, waseommittcdj That the Committeehadexa-mined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afr terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

feocUoptott Mr. WinChcom.be Hartley presented to the House, Sc-

ure* cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Grounds, in the Hamlet or in

the Parish of Chipping in the County of

Berks: And the (We was received; and read the Firli Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in execution an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Road. Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from The Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City

Vol. 36.

of Chester, to Whitchurch, find from thence to Newport', in the County of Salop, to Ive/J'eyBank, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to Castle Bromwich and Stone Bridge, in the Parish of Hampton on Arden, in the County of Warwick, anrl from Castle Bromwich to Birmingham, in the same Cotinty* was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That the said Act hath been put in execution within the Districts of Road therein contained, and great Progress niade in amending the several Roads; for which Purpose considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls within the respective Districts, the greatest Parts whercbf still remain due; and that the

Amendment of the Roads comprised in the said Act cannot be completed, and the same kept in Repair for the future* and the respective Sums due bfe repaid, with the Interest thereon, unless the Term of the said Act; is continued, and some further Powers granted: And therefore praying. That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill lor enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper*

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Bald-wyn, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according keighlejr to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering *? and enlarging the Rowers, of an Act, made in the Knruial

"Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Road.

King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for re*

" pairing, amending, and widening, the Road from " Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York, ltto Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of And the same wa? received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill read a Second Time.

APetition of Sir William SI. Quint in Baronet; Richard Scarborough Bempde Johnstont, Josiah Maynard, Robert ier*

Thomas Hayes, and Marmaduke Prickett, Esquires, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Commissioners appointed for putting in execution several Acts of Parliament lately passed, for enlarging* improving, and keeping in Repair, or otherwise relating to, the Piers and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York, was presented to the House, arid read; Set-ting forth, That* by ail Act, passed in the Fifth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, several Rates and Dutieswere made payable, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York; and by Two subsequent Acts, one made in the Twenty-fifth Year of his said late Majesty, and the other in the Third Year of His present Majesty; the same Duties have been continued and made payable for those Purposes for further Terms of Years, which will expire on the 24th of June 1783; and that m consequence of the said Acts the said Harborif hath been greatly improved, and, for enlarging and making the same extensively useful, a new Pier was some Years ago begun* and is now carrying on at a very large annual Expence* which, when finished* will render the said Harbour more safe and commodious than it riow is, and will be of the greatest Advantage and Security to Trade, and of public Utility; but the said new Pier cannot be completed, and the other Works done.

Which from Time to Time become necessary to keep the said Harbour in sufficient Repair for the future, unless the said Duties be continued for a further Term of Years: And therefore praying* That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for that Purpose, jyider and sub-

i^-

highgate

:o

Barnet

Road.

Oxford,

See.

Roads.

North

Dalton

Inclosure.

596 2 2° JafiU arii. A. 1778.

ject to such Orders, Powers, Regulations, Directions, and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cousideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame* as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Savile, Mr. Tozvnjhend, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend lor Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Plumer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of federal Acts, for repairing the Road from house, in the County of Mto Barnet koufe, in the County of Hertford, and the Road from the Bear Inn, in Hadley, to the Angel in Enfield

and all'o Caneicood Lane, leading from to

Hampstead, in the said County of Middlesex; and the Road beginning at Barnet Bloi khouse, and ending at the Bear Inn, in Hadley aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be road a Second Time.

Mr. Wenman reported from t he Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Terms and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, one passed in the Seventh and the other in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads from Oxford, over BotleyCan few ay, to F(field, in the County of Berks, and Witney, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the AUegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

presented to the House. and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Manor of North Dalton, in the County of York, several Opep and Uninciofed Fields, called North Field, South Fore Lands, Eaje

Dales, and Whinny Hills, containing together, by Ef* timation, 2,300 Acres, or thereabouts; and several Stinted Pafturos, or Waste Grounds, called North-wold and Southwold, and Three Parcels of Ground

called Riggs, Summer Hills, and South Sheep , containing together 1,700 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the said Robert Kirby is Owner of all Great and Small Tythes a riling, within the said Manor; and the Moll noble William Duke of Devonshire, the said Christopher Sykes, Christopher Rawden, and Robert Kirby, and several other Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of the Messuages and Cottages, Oxgangs of Land, Horse Gates, Cattle Gates, and Sheep Gates, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Manor; and that the Lands and Grounds of the said Proprietors lie dil'perfect, and intermixed with each other, and are not, in their present Situation, capable of Improvement; for which Reafou, it would be greatly to the Advantage of the Parties concerned if the feme weredivided and inclosed, and if the Tythable Lands and Tenements within the said Manor were exempted from the Payment of Tythes, upon Compensation being made for the fame: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and incloting the said Open Fields and Stinted Pallures, or Waste Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish, Sir George Savile, and Lard George Henry Cavendish, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of several Augmentations to His Majesty’s Forces, from the respective Times within mentioned, to the 24th December 1778, inclusive.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

A Petition of Robert Kirby, Gentleman, Chrifopher Sykes, Esquire, Chrifopher Rawden, Gentleman, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was

K

Efttrrate; Arnj.

18 Geo. III.

22° Jamarii.

S97

ESTIMATE of the Charge of several Augmentations to His Majesty’s Forces, from the respective Times

undermentioned to the 24th D 1778, inclusive.

Augmentation to One Battalion of Foot in Great Britain, from 25th December 1777 to 24th December 1778, both inclusive, being 365 Days -D° lo Eight other Battalions for the same Time

Royal ManchesterRegiment for the same Time

Royal Liverpool Regiment, from 8th January 1778

to 24th December following, both inclusive, being

351 1)a.vs....

Three Highland Regiments of Foot, from 23th December 1777 to 24th December 1778, both inclusive, l»eing 363 I?ny.s -Two D° for the feme Time -One Battalion of Foot, commanded by Colonel Fraudf M Lean, for 336 Days, from 3d Jamary

1778 to 24th Decnnberfollowing, both inclusive -

Earl of Sea forill's Regiment of Highlanders, for 331

Days, from 8th January 1778 to 24th December following, both inclusive -Edinburgh Regiment of Volunteers, for 342 Days, from 17th January 177S to 24th follow-

ing, both inclusive -

Regiment of Glajgcw Volunteers for the same Time Seven Companies of Foot, for 343 Days, from 14th January 1778 to 24th December following, both inclusive - -

I>*vy Money for the Augmentation to Nine Battalions, at/. 3. 3* /)rr Man, for 1,350 Men -I)* for Seven Regiments of Foot, at £. 3 per Man, for 7,374 Men D° for Six Companies of Foot, at £. 3 per Man, for (>48 Men -

Total

Numbers.

150

1,200

1.168

1.168

3.507

2,336

1,169

I,l68

1.169

1.169

812

I»35°

2,336

ii,33°

15,016

Charge

£ * d. 1,885 16 8

15,086 13 4

20,768 to —

l9$v 18 —

63,126 15 —

41,208 10 —

20,523 8 —

19,813 *9 "

19,716 6 —

19,716 6 —

13,061 2 6

0! 7 10 —

22,722 —

C944 —

TOTAL.

16,972 lo

40,740 8 —

197,166 6 6

3I»753 1° —

286,632 14 6

War-Office, 2id January 1778.

Barrington.

W^k-field . to

jAiifterlanJs

Roads.

Ordered, That the find Fit I mate do lie upon the Table, to be pen;fed by the Members of the Hoafe.

A Petition of several of the Commissioners, appointed by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from ll tdefictd to Jujhr lands, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth, That, in pursuance of the Powers contained in' the said Act, several Parts of the said Road have been repaired and improved, and other Vol 36.

'Parts thereof diverted by the Purchase of Lands for that Purpose, with Money taken up at Interest, and charged upon the Tolls directed to be raised by the Tail! Act; and such new Roads have likewise been wade; bat all the said Road still continues to require frequent Repairs and Amendments; and that several convenient Alterations may yet be made, by diverting and altering several Barts of the said Road, for the greater Ease and Convenience of Persons travelling thereon; and several other Repairs and Amendments are yet necessary for the Improvement of the said Road; but, the Term and Bowers granted by the 7 N laid

Account; Land Tax Arrears*

Mariners

and

Seamen.

Marine

forces.

Army; Address for Papers relating to new raised Corps.

598 2 29 Januarii. . 1778.

said Act being near expiring: Therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Hill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, and making such other Provision as shall be found necessary for supporting and carrying the same into execution.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Daniel Sir

George Savile,&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, prefeuted to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were Handing out at Michaelmas 1777, with the Names of the respective Receivers in whole Hands the said Arrears remain, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House an Account of the Number of Troops ordered to be raised during the late Adjournment of Parliament; specifying the different Corps, and the Names of the Officers appointed to command them, and also the Names of all the Officers appointed to serve in each Rank in the different Corps, and the Time each Officer had served in any other Corps in the Army, previous to such Appointment, and the Rank he held.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; To leave out the Words " of the Number of Troops ordered to be " raised during the late Adjournment of Parliament," and alter " Corps" to insert " which have been ordered to be raised during the late Adjournment of this House;" and to leave out " them" and insert " those " Corps" instead thereof; and at the end of the Question to add, " and the Terms on which such Corps " are to be raised."

And the Question being put. That the Words " of " the Number of Troops ordered to be raised duri ng

19

" the late Adjournment of Parliament," Hand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words" which " have been ordered to be raised during the late Adjournment of this House," be inserted after the Word " Corps;"

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put. That the Word " them" Hand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Quest ion being put, That the Words " those " Corps" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " and " the Terms on which such Corps are to be raised," be added at the end of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions that there be laid before this House an Account, specifying the different Corps which have been ordered to be raised during the late Adjournment of this House, with the Names of the Officers appointed to command those Corps; and also the Names of all the Officers appointed to serve in each Rank in the different Corps, and the Time each Officer had served in any other Corps in the Army, previous to such Appointment, and the Rank he held; and the Terms on which such Corps are to be raised.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this llonfe as are of I lls Majesty’s Moll honourable Privy Council.

A Motion was made, and the Question proposed. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty', that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions^ that there be laid before this House, Copies of all In-structions, and other Papers, relative to the Expedition iromCanada, under Lieutenant General; and

also a Copy of such Parts of the Instructions given to General Sir William Jiowe, as relate to any intended Co-operation with Lieutenant General Burgoyne.

Anu the said Motion, was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The House was moved. That the Order made Yesterday, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Order made Yesterday, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunx,

Army;

General

Burgoyne

Expedition

Supply.

Ways and Means.

18 Geo. III.

26° Janu

599

suJonfack’s

Nat.

Chaplain to pleach

St. Marlin in the Field# Poor.

are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf-of them (ekes awl others, being' Owners and Proprietors of the Lands, or having Rights of Common, or other Intenest, within the Tything of Ogborn Saint Andrew, in the Parish of Ogborn Andrew, in the said County of If ills, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Tything and Parish Several Common Fields, Common Downs; and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, which might be greatly in)proved, if divided and allotted into specific Shares, to be held . in Severalty: And therefore praying, That Leave may

Ordered, That the Chaplain to this House do proafch be given to bring in a Rjll for these Purposes, with such

> m 4 1 a t-% 1 1 /\ % % \ # ft *-ft $ X m Act a M M/ A.»*1 iJ m % s~ *

Powers as may be necessary or proper to efiectuate tile fame. „

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Goddard and Kir. do prepare, and

Luna, 26° die*Januarii \

Anno 18® Georgii III"' Regis, 1778.

Pray f.r s.

fH ARLES Frederick took the Oaths

appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

30th Jan. before this House, at Saint Margaret's Westminster, upon Friday next, the 30th Day of this lullant January.

A Petition of the Vestrvmen of the Parish of

Martin in the Fields, within the Liberty of Westminster,

all’embled in Vestry, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Poor of the said Parish are very numerous, and are maintained and supported at a great Expence; and that, if some further Powers than are given by the Laws now in being were granted.

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the Counties of Northumberland and Cumberland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

SiimrtieroiW

Bar

Road.

for better regulating, employing, and providing for the That the High Road leading from Summerods Bar, Poor of the said Parish, the Petitioners apprehend it near the Tow-n of Hexham, in the County would be a great Benefit to the Inhabitants thereof; to in the County of is, in

And therefore praying, That Leave may \>e given to divers piaceS) so narrow and ruinous, that the same can-bring in a Bill for better regulating, employing, and not be repaired and widened by the Laws now in being

for the Repair of the Highways; and that, by altering the Line of the said Read, and taking the intended Turnpike Road, in some Part, through private Property, the same will be rendered of more general Utility

Chippenham

Bridge.

Roads.

providing for, the Poor of the said Parish, in Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it and Advantage to the Public, and greatly facilitate the shall appear to them, to the House. Communication and Traffic between the said Towns:

And it is referred to Mr. Brett, Sir Charles Whit- And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to worth, kc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn- bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, altering, and ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; luaking the said Road, in such Manner, and under such and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Provisoes and Regulations, as to the House shall seem Records. meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it the Reign of his late Majesty Km^Geor^ the Second, aJ1 appear to them, to the House:

for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Chippenham Bridge, in the County of to the Top of Togg -hill, in the County of and from

Chippenham Bridge aforesaid, to the Top of hill, in the said County of Glowas presented to

the House, and read; Setting lorth, That, agreeable to the Direction of the said Act, which divides the Roads therein mentioned into Two Districts, the Trustees have, in their respective Divisions, proceeded to put the same in execution, and have made a considerable Progress in amending the Roads under t heir Care; in doing which, the Tolls have been duly expended, together with a considerable Sum of Money taken up on the Credit thereof; and that the Money so borrowed cannot be paid off, nor the Roads be completely amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be continued and enlarged: And therefore

And it is referred to Sir William Middleton, Lord Algernon Perq/, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Trustees acting under and by virtue of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the Road leading from a Part of the Road (directed " to be repaired by an Act passed in the then last Session of Parliament, from Carlisle to Newcastle upon " Tyne) near Glenwhelt, to another Part of the said " Road (so making from Carlisle to,) upon;

" Shildon Common, in the County of Northumberland," and of several of the Creditors who have advanced

Glenwhelt

Road.

praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill Money on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act for those Purposes. -

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Codrington, Sir William Guise, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber ^and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ogborn St. Andrew Inclosure.

A Petition of the Provost of the King's College of our Blessed Lady and Saint Nicholas of and Scho-

granted, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by the said Act, several Tolls were granted, and divers Powers given, for repairing the said Road, which were to have Continuance from the 28 th Day of April 1752, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par* Iiament; and that the Trustees have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied agreeable to the Directions of the said Act; and that the Term granted by the said Act as also the additional Term granted by the general Turn-

ers of the same College, Lords of the Manor of Ogborn pike Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Saint George and Ogborn Samt Andrew, in the County Reign of his said late Majesty, is near expiring; and of Wilts, and of the several other Persons whose Names that the said Road cannot be effectually repaired and Vol. 30. widened

Maid ford Iaclosure.

Flower

Inclosure.

Barbv Z ik tofu re.

600

2 6° Jatmarii. A. 1778.

widened, nor the Money owing be repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be further continued and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Provisoes and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Middleton, Lord Algernon Percy, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of, or Otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pallures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Maidfurd, in the County of

Northampton, was presented to tire House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common Fields, Common Pallures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Heath, and AVafte Grounds, lie intermixed, and dif-perfect in ftnall Parcels, and, in their preljcnt Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein if the said Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Estates and Interests: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Pallures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursunnt to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Knight ley and Mr. Poxcys do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Heath and Waste Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of other-

wife Floore, in the County of , was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners in the said Open and Common Fields, lie intermixed, and dispersed in ftnall Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the said Lands-and Grounds were divided and inclosed, -ami specilic Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Pallures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Grounds, i« such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Oi'dered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Knight Uy and Mr. Powys do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of, or otherw ife interested in, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grouuds, within the

14-

Parish and Liberties of Barby, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Set-tin" forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common Fields, raid other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lie intermixed, and dispersed in linall Parcels in and over the said Fields, and in some Parts thereof separated and divided by the Oxford Canal Navigation, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement $ and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested. therein, if the said I^inds and Grounds were divided and inclosed, anti specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and indollug the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in l'uch Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. A’night-ley and Mr. Powys do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Reverend John Clerk,

Rector of the Parish of Little in the County of Bedford, Henry Tingey, Thomas Adams, and Richard

Saunders, on Behalf of themselves, and Thomas Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Little Berkford aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, together with the said Thomas Lee, Esquire, are Owners and Proprietors of all the Lands and Estates within the Manor and Parish of Little Berkford aforesaid; and that, by Articles of Agreement, bearing'Date the 20th of 1764,

the Petitioners Henry Tingey, Thomas Adams, and Richard Saunders, together with the said Thomas Lee, and the Reverend Thelwall (then Rector of

the said Parish) covenanted and agreed to divide and inclose all the Common Fields, Common Meadow's, and Common Pastures, within the said Parish, upon certain Conditions therein mentioned, and appointed Commissioners for dividing the said Fields, Meadows, and Pallures, and allotting the same amongst the Parties entitled thereto, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein; and also impowered the said Commissioners to make Exchanges of Lands for the Convenience of the several Owners and Proprietors; and tlrat, on or about the 16th of May 17Gb, the said Commissioners did (in pursuance of the said Articles) divide and allot the said Lands and Grounds, and aho made several Exchanges, to the mutual Satisfaction of the Partiesinterested; and the said Allotments and Exchanges were accordingly accepted by them, and have been inclosed with Quickset Hedges and other proper Fences, anti cultivated, by the respective Owners, at a very great Expence, who find that their Filiates are greatly improved by the Divisions, -Exchanges, and Inclosures, made as aforesaid, and are defirousto have the same confirmed aYrd ellablrlhed by Authority of Parliament: Ami therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for confirming and establishing the said Divisions, ‘Inclosures, and Exchanges, in such Manner as to (he House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Ongley and Mr. Dick inf on do prepare, and bring iu, the fame.

A Petition of the Tight honourable Lord

Melbourne, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Lord of the Manor oi'CaJllc Donington, in the County of Leicester, Leonard Fojbrooke, Esquire, Impropriator and Patron of the Vicarage and Parish Church of Donington aforesaid, the Reverend Joi Dolby, Vicar thereof, Richard Chejlyn, F.squire, Thomas Kirkland, Doctor of

I’hyfic, and also several other of the Owners and Proprietor*

Little

Berkford

Iaclclure.

CM Is r)cminot<m

liiviolarf.

18 Geo. III. *26° Jafiuatlh661

prietors of Lands in t lie Open freKls, Meadows, and Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Mafeliy Common. Pastures, within the Lord I flip or Parish of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for re-CctjUe Doningtonaforesaid, mis presented to the House, " pairing the Road leading from Long Bhr Or

and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners and ptljers " on the P-ult.Rosttl, near the town of Morpeth, are possessed ot leVtral Estates in the said Open Fieids, " by or through IsOirg Weldon Bridge, artd

Meadows, and Common Paftufbs, which lie intermixed, " Whittingham, to the River And from thence

and dispersed in finall Parcels, by means whei^of great Inconveniences arise to the Proprietors aiul Ocqupiers of the said Lands, and the same are thereby rendered of shall Value, and incapable of Improvement; and that the Petitioners are defirousto have the said Lands divided and inclosed, and specifio Shares thereof allotted to earth Proprietor according to his futerelt therein, which may prevent frequent Trespasse* and I>ifputes anibngft the Owners Add Proprietors of such Lands; and that fiioh Divisibn and Ihclosure will greatly tend to the Advantage of all Parties concerned, and be of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadoivs, and Common Pastures, w ithin the said Lorllship or Parish of Donington, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hungerford, Sir John Palmer, and Mr. Darker,

do prepare, and bfing in, the fame.

Morneth, A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clotgy, arid Treble. holders, residing in the County of fourthumberlan Road. whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees m a certain Act of Parliament, passed in thfe Tfrenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Kiilg Hie

SecOntl, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Rbrid " leading from the Town of Morpeth, by of through " Mitford, Thropple, Longicitlon, and by the North Side " of Bolhtry Park-wall to Sling Crop's, and to the High

" Crass in Elfdon, in the County of Northumberland," and several other GenHemeh; Clergy, arid Freeholders, residing in the said County of Normumbtrlahd, was bte-fented to the House, arid read; Setting forth; That th’e Trustees have proceeded iri pritting the said Act ih execution, and have botrowed etmsiderable Sums of Money for that Purpose, bn the Cfedit of the Tolls Iri ffie said Act mentioned; and hate paid dff Part of the Priiioi-pal Money so borrowed; and the IrtterHl dhe thereon; but find the said Road ednriot bfc dfleftnally repaired, arid kept in Repair; and the rfefidue of the Money so borrowed dischargftl, unless the Term granted by the said Act, which expired the 2 iff of April 1773, bfc* His-tlier continued, and the Pollers thereby giten enlarged^ and the said Road in feme Parts altered; and that rest of the said. Road, leading from tlieTbWri of Mdrpe/tl m Milord aforesaid, is frequently iriipnltaMe by FfoRtl?, and narrow and dangerdus Travellers, arid a rh’uch more com enient and fiarfor R oriel tffay be riiadS tfirbbgh certain Lands arid Grounds between jiti'd

Mitford aforesaid, but the same ctfbnbt be eneftually widened, altered, ariiendftl, rihd kept in Rciiriir, by the ordinary Coutfo of Law: Anti tilferefdr£ praylilg; That Leave may be given to bring iri d Bill for prolonging the Term, and enlarging thfe Pbfrers, bf tlte said Act, in such Planner a» to thri House thrill most meet. 1 '

Ordered, That thfe said Pfetitibrt.Rri' referred to tlid Consideration of a Coni mitt be: Arid that thfej; do diamine the Matter thereof; arid repbft the fanlfe, it shall appear to them, to the Hbrifo:

And it is referred to Lord Al^rhun Percy, Sir William Middleton, &c.: And they are td mee t To-motrovV Morning, at Nine of the Clock/ rri the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Pow er lb fend for Pe'rlbns, Pipers, and Records.

Hoiflev Bar, A Petition of the several PrirfrinS ri bofc Name* sire &r. thereunto subscribed, belhg several of the Trlifted ap-Roa<i. pointed in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the Vol. 36.

" to Piercys Cross, in the County of

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Monies borrow ed and coileftedon the Credit of the said Road have been duly applied; yet the Tattle cannot lie maintained in sufficic-nt Repair, and the Money due, repaid, unless the Term-and Powers of the said Act, and of the additional Term -granted by in Act, passed in the Tlventy-eighth Year of his fAkl Majesty, intituled, *An Act to amend an Act, ihade " in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Amendment " and Preservation of the public Highways and Turhpike Roads bf this Kingdom, and for the more ef*

" ieftual execution of the Law's relating thereto," be enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his" late Majesty King George the Second, for such further Term, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame,-as it shall appear to thorn, rio the House:

And it is referred to Lord Algernon Peraj, S\v William Middleton, Ac.: Arid they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nihe of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Pipers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Blackett, Baronet, arid of Acomb the several Persons whole Namris are thereunto Rib- Inclosure.' fcri.bed, Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Land's, and Grounds,* hiving a Right of Common upon, or otherwise interested In, Acomb C, was presenteli to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is a certain Common Moor, or Tract of \Y afte Land, cal- ‘ led Acomb Common, within the Regality or Manor of Hexham, in the Chrihty of Northumberland (of which Hie said Sir Thomas Blackett is Lord), containing, by Estimatlori, t,ico Acres, or thereabouts, which is at' preferii of vbry little Value, but capable of great Improvement by being di\ idVd and inclosed: And there-orb praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a - Bill for that Pilrpoie, under such Rules and Regu-IStFbrte ds shall seem proper.

Ordered, Thrit Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-forint tb file Prayer of the said Petition: And that L'rirtf Algernon Percy and Sir William Middleton do prepare. Arid bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Corporation, being the Comm if- Greenwich fibfiferkahd Governors of the Royal Hospital for Sea- Hospital mefi at Greenu icii, in the Cou nty of Kent, was presented tb the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Peti-' are Owness of certain Messuages, Lands, Te-fiftrienfe, Tythes, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes «T Althckk, Embleton, And Warkworth, in the County 6F Northumberland, which are inconveniently situated

with respect tb the other Estates belonging to the said Rb vat Hospital; but the Situation thereof is very con*, rr.odious to the Estates of his Grace the Duke of Northumberland, who is the Owner of certain Open And Chtnfnon Fields at Corbridge, in the said County of Northumberland, which lie very comiriodious to the Estates belonging to the said Hospital; and that the said Duke of Northumberland, being desirous to exchange aPart of his said Lands lying in the said Open Common Fields at Corbridge aforesaid, for the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and Heredi-7 O tanaents,-

; ''

602 26° Januarii, A. 1778.

taments, belonging to the Petitioners in the said Parishes of Almoick, Emblet and a Treaty

hath been thereupon ltad, when it appeared manifeilly for the Benefit and Convenience of the Petitioners that such Exchange should take Place, and be completed; and that, by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earftif Dcnventwater and Charles

Radclifife, it was enacted, that the said Commissioners and Governors should give public Notice in The don Gazette, of the Time and Place when and where the

laid Estates were intended to be let. Six Months at least before the Expiration of the Term for which the said Estates were then or should thereafter be let; and that there are many Lead and Coal Mines on the said Estates, the Value of which would be greatly reduced if they were to be let by public Advertisement; and that there are also Lands so connected with many of the said Mines that it would be very inconvenient that they should be in the Occupation of different Tenants, which may happen frequently, unless the said Commissioners and Governors are empowered to let the said Mines, and the< Lands con-netted therewith, without Advertisenient; and that the said Mines, and the Lands so connected therewith, cannot be let without advertising the fame, nor can the Exchange, so proposed to be made with his Grace the Duke of Northumberland be carried into execution without the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may lie given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the 1 louse:

Audit is referred to Lord Algernon Percy, Sir William Middleton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

Greenwich The humble Petition of the Corporation, being the Hospital Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital SAate. for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of , and the Petition of the Molt noble Hugh Duke of Northumberland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is, within and Parcel of the Barony or Manor of Langley, in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland, a Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called,

containing, by Estimation, 500 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital are Lords of the said Barony or Manor of Langley, and as such are seised of or entitled unto the Soil and Inheritance, and Royalties, of the said Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground; and that the said Commissioners and Governors, and the Petitioner the Duke of Northumberland, their Lessees, Farmers, or Tenants, for or in respect of, or as appendant, appurtenant, or belonging to, their several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, at Fourfiones and IValicich Grange, w ithin the said Parish of Warden, arc the only Persons entitled to Right of Common upon the said Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground; and that the Petitioners are dolirous that the said Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, which they conceive is capable of Cultivation and Improvement, and, in its present State, is of little Use, may be cultivated and improved, and for that Purpose set out, divided, and allotted, to the Petitioners, according to their respective Interelis therein: And therefore praying, Thyt Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for felting out, dividing, and allotting the said Common

Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Algernon Percy, Sir Charles Hardy, and the Lord New haven, do prepare, and biing in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Terms and en- Oxford,

larging the Powers of Two Acts, one passed in the *c-

Seventh and the other in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads from Oxford, over Bolley C to in

the County of Berks, and Witney, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Terms and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, one passed in the Seventh and the other in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads from Oxford, over Bolley Causeway, to Fifield, in the County of Berks, and Witney, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. Wenman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Com- Bockampwn mon Fields, Downs, and Commonable Grounds, in the Involute. Hamlet or Tything of Bockampton, in the Pari ill of Chipping Lambourne, in the County of Berks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Winch-combe Hartley, Mr. Ewer, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Trustees, whose Names are Le«U thereuntofubferibed, in Behalf of themselvesand thereft at*d of the Trustees, appointed to put in execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-firstYear of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing " the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of " York," so far as the same Act relates to that District or Part of the said Road which lies between Wakefield and Sheffield, through Barnfiey, and which pafles from the said Town, and through Part of the Parish of Wakefield, and also through the several Parishes, Town-Ill ips, or Hamlets, of Sandal, Criggleftone lVoollcy,

Notion, Carlton, Burton otherwise Barns-

iey Worjbrough, Hoy land, Wentworth, Tankerficy, Chapel Teton, nether End of Ecclesfield, Brush House,

Brightfide, Byerlow, and Part of the Parish to the said

Town of Sheffield, in the said County of York; and also another Act of Parliament, passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to amend and render more effectual the said Act, passed hi the said Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That, by the said Acts, the Petitioners were empowered to erect Turnpikes, and to collect certain Tolls, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, from the iff Day of June 1758, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament, for repairing the said Roads; and were also empowered to borrow Money on the Security of the said Tolls, and several other Powers were thereby granted; and that the Tolls collected by virtue of the said Acts, and the several Sums of Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been duly applied in repairing the said Roads, and the same are greatly improved; and that there remains dueof the Money borrowed the Sum of£.5,500, which the said Tolls, during the Remainder of thtv laid Term of Twenty-one Years, will not be sufficient to discharge, and keep the said Roads in sufficient Repair; and that the said Road cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, nor can the- said Debt be

di l'ch urged.

Bolfterftone

Iodofure.

Idghley to Kirk by Kendal Rood.

Anftfer

to

Address

for

Account.

Rye Way,

See.

Reads.

i8 Geo.JII; 260 Januarii. 603

discharged, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act be continued and enlarged: and therefore praying. That I^eave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said several Acts of Parliament of the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty and the First Year of His present Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Mr.

fee.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable Peniston Lord Melbourne in the Kingdom of Ireland, Lord of the Manor of Boljierjtone, in the Parish of in the County of FcrA', and of Charles Hope, Thomas Steade, and others, having Right of Common in, over, and upon, certain Commons, or Pieces of Waste Ground, called The Nether Moor, WhitivellMoor, and The Upper Moor,

within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Commons, or Pieces of Waile Ground, are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be a great Improvement of the Estates of the Petitioners, and others interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons, or Pieces of Waste Ground, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Sir Kickard do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing, amending, and widening the Road from Keighley, in the " West Riding of the County of York, to in

" Kendal, in the County of Westmoreland," was read a Second Time.

Refilled, that the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Lafielles, fee.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Hinchingbrook reported to the House, That their Address of Thursdalaft (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions that the Account, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty, and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the Counties of Hereford and Radnor, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That an Act was made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, repairing, and widening, the Roads leading from tie Rye Way, in the Parish of Yarpole, in the County of Hereford, to Prejleigne, in the County of Radnor and from thence to dine, and from Prejleigne aforesaid to the Top of Trap Hill, and from the Rye Way aforesaid, by the Maidenhead, to Wooferton, in the County of Salop; and that the

Trustees appointed by the said Act have proceeded in the execution thereof, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, which now remains due; and great Progress has been made in repairing the said Roads; and that the Term

Vol. 36.

granted by the said Act will expire at the end of the present Session of Parliament; and, unless the same be further continued, and some Amendments and Alterations made in the said Act, the Money owing cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads kept in good Repair; and that the Road leading from the Turnpike Road at Lingen to Wigmore, and also the Road leading from the Turnpike Road near Prejleigne aforesaid, by Rod-hurst, to Tit ley, and also the Road from Nash Lime Kilns, by Rodlturjl aforesaid, to Broadford, in the said County of Hereford, leading from the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act, are in a ruinous Condition, and narrow; and cannot be properly widened and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law: And therelore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of the said Act, and for making Provision therein for repairing the several new additional Roads aforesaid; in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them; to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Jolmes, Mr. Rigby, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records;

A Bill for naturalizing Charles Frederick -

sack, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elwes, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts, for repairing the Road from Highgate Gatehouse, in the County of Middlesex, to Barnet Blockhouse, in the County of Hertford, and the Road from the Bear Inn, in Hadley, to the Angel in Enfield Chafe, anti alfor Canewood Lane, leading from Highgate to Hampstead, in the said County of Middlesex and the Road begining at Barnet Blockhouse, and ending at the Bear Inn, in Hadley aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Elwes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Charles Dundas reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Agnew, Esqurre, as Prrefes of a General Meeting, and in the Name of the Freeholders, Justices of Peace, Commissioners of supply, Heretors, or Landholders, of the County of Wigtown, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed your Committee, That by reason of the great Number of Roads and Bridges within the County of Wigtown, the Powers granted by Law in Scotland relative to Highways and Bridges, and the Services, Work, and Monies^ which are thereby authorized to be exacted and levied, have been found insufficient to amend and keep in Repair the said Roads and Bridges; and that the same cannot be effected, unless Power is given to convert the Statute Labour required by Law into a Composition in Money, to be accepted in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Wigtown: And that Mr. Charles Dundas and Mr.

Dundas do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition

Loudonfacft’i

Nat

Highgate

to

Barnet

Road.

Wigtown.

Roads

and

Bridges*

604

a69 Jaftuafiu

A \ 1778.

fubleribed, landholders, Justices of the Peace, and And it is referred to Mr. the Lord Ad-

Comniiliioners of the Land Tax, for the County of vocate of , he.: And they are to meet To-

Stirling, in North Britain, was presented to the House, morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s and read; Setting forth. That the Powers granted by Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons; Papers*

Law in Scotland, relative to I lighwavs and Bridges, and and Records, the Services, Work, and Money, which are thereby

authorized to be exacted and levied, have been found Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to insufficient to amend and keep in Repair the Roads and their Address to His Majesty.

Bi idges within the County of Stirling; and that other Surplufes, Hated the 5th Day of April 1777: And Stuping and further Powers are necessary, in order effectually also,

to carry the Intention of the said Laws into execution: Surplufes, dated the 10th Day of October 1777.

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to And the Titles of the said Surplufes were read,

bring in a Bill for maintaining and repairing the High- The said Surplufes are preserved amongli the ways and Bridges in the said County of Stirling. other Papers of this Session; and the Abliracts

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the thereof are as followeth; viz.

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do

o

t-

CO

ABSTRACT of the said Swptufe9i stated" the 5th Day of April 1777.

D

cq'

n'

CD

CL

CT

o

o

<S

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fund ——

To Cash remaining the re on the 10th Day of October 1776, for the Dispogiti^ of Parliament To Surplus Monies arisen within the Half Year ended the 5th‘Day of April 1777; viz. £

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1 679,844

D® of the South Sea Company’s Fund, brought from Account, Folio 2. - , - 106,199

D®- — of the General Fund, brought from Account, Folio 3 ‘ - 347,316

d.

7

10|

- Dr.

70,683

11

d.

2*

To Money arisen by Sale of unrated Goods, imported and undervalued* brought to this Account pursuant to an A&'u* Georgii l®1 - -

To Monies brought to this Account on the 5th Day of April 1777, pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament in this Behalf; viz.

M33>35« 13 — 356 3 U

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Act 4* Georgii 2* m for the Service of the Year 1731, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 95*.Georgii 2* -Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted per Act 16° Georgii 2*, brought to this Account pursuant to Ditto - - - -:

Surplus of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Act 18® Georgii a-1, for the Service of the Year 1745, brought to this Account pursuant to D® - -

Surplus of the Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 19* Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1746, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - - -

The Duty on Coaches, granted by an Act 20® peorgii 2s, for the Service of the Year 1747, brought to this Account pursuant to D®

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandises imported, granted by an Act «n# Georgii for the Service of the Year 1745, brought to this Account pursuant to D® ' - " - - ’ - -

The Duty of 6d. per Ounce on Wrought Plate, granted by an Act 6° Georgii i®1, for the Service of the Year 1790, brought to this account pursuant to D° - - - ‘ -

The Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in or vending of Gold or Silver Plath, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 39° Georgii 2^ - -

Surplus of the Duties on Houses and Windows, granted by an Act 6* Georgii 3UI, and the Arrears of the Duties oh D* repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act -

The Duty of 3 s. 4 d. per Bushelon Salt, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 96° Georgii 9*

The Duty of 19 sh. per Barrel On Sweets or Wines made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted by an Act io® Georgii 941, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 97° Georgii 3d1 - - ‘ -

Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper and Coals, continued by an Act 9° Georgii 9dl, for raising the Sum of £. 1,950,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of Englandf, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 98* Georgii 9* - - " - "

Surplus of the Duty upon Coals, continued by an Act i° Georgii 9d, for raising the Sum of £. i,750,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 98° Qtergii 2* -

17,995-----

7,438 -

90,771 16 9)

96,709 19 4

49,899 -

123,173 9 1 i

2,543 -

98,849,19 6j 119,3*5 18 9

9,809 -

34.597 J8 5}

12,705 JO 9

Pet Contra

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to pay Half a Year’s Interest at £.3 per Centum per Annum, due the 5th of January 1777, on the principal Sum of £. 37,770,994. is. 9%d. to which the Sum of £ 39,981,591.5s. ljd.charged on this Fund (being Partof£. 39,781,521. 5s. 1 made one Joint Stock of Annuities by several Acts of Parliament) is reduced by abating from the same £. 1,510,597. 3*. 3!d. for a proportional Part of £ 1,529,825. subscribed and redeemed in pursuance of the Acts 12°, 140 and

15° Georgii 3rti - -°

By Ditto for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year ——

By Ditto to pay Half a Year’s Interest after the Rate of £ 3 per Centum per Annum, due the said 5th of January 1777 on ;£. 1,550,000. being the Amount of ,£.1,400,000 subscribed for Annuities (Part of ,£.2,000,000, borrowed pursuant to an Act 16° Georgii 3tU) together with the additional Capital of £ 7. 10s. to every £.70 contributed, and by the said Act directed to be added to the above Capital of ;£. 37,770,924. is. 9%d. from the 5th of April 1776 By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5th Day of April 1777, being after the Rate of ,£.3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 18,353,773. 16s. 4d. to which £. 19,183,323. 16s. 4d. charged on this Fund by the Acts 250 Georgii 2dl, and 50 Georgii 3U1, is reduced, by abating from the same £. 829,550 subscribed and redeemed in pursuance of the Acts

j 12°, 14®, and 15* Georgii 3tU-....

By Ditto for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half

Year - ....

By the South Sea Company to pay Half a Year’s Interest due the 5th Day of January 1777, being after the Bate of,£. 3 per Centum per Annum on £. 1,919,600, to which ,£. 2,400,000, borrowed on Credit of this Fund by an Act 24* Georgii 2* is reduced, by abating from the same £* 180,400 subscribed and redeemed* in pursuance of the Acts 12°, 140 and 15% Georgii 3ui By Ditto for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half

Year - ....

By Cash taken to answer Annuities on single Lives payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2*", and charged on this Fund by an Act 32* so» the "Half Year ended -the 5th Day of January 1777 -

{By Ca^ taken-to >aiMwer. Annuities on Lives, with tire Benefit of Survivorship; payable at the Exchequer, granted and charged on this Fund by an Act 5° Georgii 3lU, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of April 1777 "

By th^hies. Cashier of the Governor and Cotwpany'ufHh6 'Bank of England, to payyHaif a Yeas’s-AjiWkity^due tlrt^th Day<of Aprilirjy, orr^f. 1 totwiu«k.the^FincipalSum^of £420,240,000 (madeone ’Joint Stock -of £. + per Centum A j&nui ties /by an Act 2*Scecgii $til) isreduced by the-Sum of £.1,253,700, -haKin grbean^fubsoribod for£. 3 per Centum Annuities/ with the Advantages attending.jthe same, pursuant to an Act 10° Georgii 3d1 ....

By DitUkiofcX’ha^g^and-iVlanagQnifint of -these Annuities^fot th* same Tikif

Yeac,r....

By th^^aid CkiaW&slM^r^the'Gevcnior and Company of the Bank of-E^tond, for J\Act*»iQ: audu® Georgii 3*1 for 99 and Years;Vhtck*

we« madfeone Jokit «Stock of Annuities*from, the ^the Day of Jqmury a *

znJkct+XGtocgii for the Half Yetutended the^tb Day of Januinyi 777^.

~iltovfojViCWig* of Management of these Annuities for -th^* same Half ear ——

Cr.

£. d.

566,563 17 a| >0,545 3

33.250 —

375,306 13 lj 5,161 19 nj

38,794 -

539 >7 9‘

Myeffs: io-~ 270------

379,726----

5.339^7’>>iJ

>34,125-------,

1,74510 ij o

en

O

III. $6° Jmutmi.

D

eg'

r — h

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

The* Duty on Licence.?? Tor retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable

Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 29° Georgii 3d1 21,766 —

The additional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 29° Georgii 24* - - - - 4,318 "

The several Rates and Duties, payable by all Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 29° Georgii 2dl - - 9,179 —

To the additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers, granted by an Act 30* Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 320 Georgii 2di ---- - 35,4^7 —

To the additional Duty upon Coals exported, the like - - - - 4,486 3

To the Surplus of the New Duty on Licences to retail Wine, the like 2,168 12 1 To Ditto of the Duty on Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors, the like - 22,145 — To the Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 32* Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 33° Georgii 2* - 92,896 3

To the additional Inland Duty on Chocolate, the like ... 1*957 —

To the additional Inland Duty on Coflee, per Acts 32® Georgii 2d*, and

5* Georgii 3d1 - - - - 1,464 —

To the Surplus of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 240 Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 2® Georgii 3d* ------ 22,567 —

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by Acts 339 Georgii 2*1, and 6® Georgii 3d1, brought to this Account, pursuant to Acts 2*

and 6* Georgii 3d1.....- - - 15 M55 —

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 2°

Georgii 3d1, and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act - 27,148 — To the Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 33® Georgii 2^ brought

to this Account, pursuant to one other Act 2* Georgii 3t!l - - 59,025 —

To the additional Duty upon Strong Beer, and Ale, granted by an Act 1° Georgii 3lU, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 4*

Georgii 3d1 - - -; - - - - -250,010 —

’ To the additional Duties on the Exportation of Coals, and of several Eist India Goods, Ac. granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3d1 - 17,725 5

To the additional Duties upon Policies of Assurance, the like - - 466 —

To the additional Duty upon Italian Silk, Crapes, and Tiffanies, imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 6° Georgii 3d1 1,500 —

To the additional Subsidy upon East India Wrought Silks, fyc. granted

and made a Part of this Fund by one other Act 6® Georgii 3d1 - - 2,359 18

To the additional Duties upon Broad Linen Cloth and Drillings, imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund, by an Act 7® Georgii 3tU 163 —

To the additional Duties upon Wines imported, granted by an Act 3®

Georgii 3t!l, brought to this Account pursuant to aii Act 8° Georgii 3d1 29,861 3

To the Duties upon Cyder and Perry, granted by an Act 6® Georgii stU,

brought to this Account pursuant to the above Act 8° Georgii 3tU - 4,165 —

To the additional Duty on Coaches, <$rc* granted by an Act 16® Georgii 3,u

and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act - 9*347 —

To the additional Stamp Duty on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and on Newspapers, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act.....25,349 —

To the additional Duty on Cards and Dice, granted and brought to this

Account pursuant to the said Act - 4,085 —

5

oi

i*310i

By Ditto for Charges of Management of the several Annuities payable in respect of £.4,980,772. 3*. remaining unredeemed of £. 5,000,000 borrowed

by virtue of an Act 310 Georgii a1*1, for the Service of the Year 1758 (which Management was, by a Clause in the said Act, charged on this Fund) for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of January 1777 ---- 1,400 16 10

By the Usher of the Exchequer for Necessaries - - - - 29153

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of January 1777, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities granted by an Act 310 Georgii 2di, which, by a Clause in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament - -- -- - 22,346 19 8J

By Cash taken towards the Supply of the Year 1777, pursuant to an Act 17° Georgii 3d1, being the Surplus of this Fund, which remained for the Disposition of Parliament on the 5th Day of January 1777 - - - - 295,832 18 6$

i>755>o°i 19 *

By Cash remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1777 for the Disposition of Parliament.....- - - - 760,363 14 2

2,515.365 13 4i

This being the 109th H^lf-yearly Account, made up pursuant to an Act 9* Georgii imi (Page 367) is humbly presented this 26th Day of January 1778, by me.

Grey Cooper.

o

1

606 26° Januarii. A. 1778.

ABSTRACT of the said Surplufc*, dated

g

cq'

N

CD

Q_

CT

O

r

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fund -

To Cash remaining the re on the 5th Day of Jpril 1777, for the Disposition of Parliament To Surplus Mouies arisen within the Half Year ended the 10th Day of October 1777; ri«. Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1

D0"--- of the S nith Sea Company’s bund, brought from Account, Folio 2

D*---- of the General Fund, brought from Account, Folio 3 -

£.

898,163 10

87.375 3 431.385 17

I-

760,363

r>r.

9i

1

H

1,410,9*4 17 *1

To Money received by Lord North, from a Person unknown, to be applied for the Public

Service - -- -- - *00 — —

To Money paid into the Exchequer, by an unknown Person, for Conscience sake - loo — —

To Monies brought to this Account on the 10th Day of October 1777, pursuant to

the several Acts of Parliament in this Behalf; r«z. £. 1. d.

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per' Act 4° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1731, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 25° Georgii a41----'--- 18,405 6 4

Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted per Act 160 Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - - - 17,228 4 4

Surplus of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Act 18° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1745, brought to this Account pursuant to D* ----- 30,778 8

Surplus of the Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 19* Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1746, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - - 34,440 6 —

The Duty on Coaches, granted by an Act 20° Georgii 2dl, for the Service

of the Year 1747, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - - 50,085 — —

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 210 Georgii 2^, for the Service of the Year 1748, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - -132,149 19 6

The Duty of 6<L per Ounce on Wrought Plate, granted by an Act 6°

Georgii l®1, for the Service of the Year 1720, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - — —

The Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in, or vending. Gold or Silver Plate, granted and made a Part of this Fund

by an Act 320 Georgii 2dl - - - 4,851-----

Surplus of the Duties on Houses and Windows, granted by an Act 6° £

Georgii 3tU, and the Arrears of the Duties on D° repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act - -145,125 3 10J

The Duty of 3s* 4d. per Bushell on Salt, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 26° Georgii ---- -105,596 14 6}

The Duty of 12s. per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or Foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted by an Act 10° Georgii for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 270 Georgii 2di - - - - , - - - - 5*335 *7 &

Surplus of the additional Duty on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 20* Georgii 241, for raising the Sum of £: 1,250,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 28* Georgii 2dl - 43,946 4 6

Surplus of the Duty on Coals, continued by an Act 1° Georgii 241, for raising the Sunvof £ 1,750,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England > brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act 28*

Georgii 2dl -.....- - - 35*296 17 6$

The Duty on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 29° Georgii 241 - 26,829 11 10

tThe additional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 299 Georgii 241 . - 4,732 *7 1

the 10th Day of October 1777.

d.

- - Per Contra - - - - -- -- - Cr.

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to £. d.

‘pay Half a Year’s Interest, after the Hate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, due the 5th Day of July 1777, as well on the Principal Sum of£. 37,770,924. is. g%d. remaining unredeemed of £. 39,281,521. 5s. 1 \d. in £.3 per Centum Annuities, consolidated and charged by several Acts of Parliament on this Fund, as on the further Sum of £.2,150,000, added to the said Remain, by an Act 16®

Georgii 3d1, in respect of £. 2,000,000 borrowed towards the Supply of

the Year 1776 - .....- - - 598,813 17 2j

By D° fer Charges of Management of the said £. 37,770,924. is. 9jd. for the same Half Year ------- 10,545 3 8}

By D® for Charges of Management of £. 1,550,000, Part of the said £. 2,150,000, for One Year and Half, due the said 5th Day of July 1777 - 1,089 16 10}

By D® for Charges of Management of £.600,000 Residue of I)9, for Half a

Year, due Ditto ------- 168 15 —

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Half a Year’s Interest due the 10th Day of October 1777, being after the Rate of£. 3 per Centum per Annum, on the Principal Sum of£. 18,353,773. 16s. 4 d. to which the Sum of£. 19,183,323. 16s. 4d. charged on this Fund by the Acts.

25° Georgii 2s, and 5® Georgii 3d1, is reduced, by abating from the same £ 829,550, subscribed and redeemed in pursuance of the Acts 12°, 14°, and 15°

Georgii 3^ ---- - - 275,306 12 1J

By Ditto for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time 5,161 19 ii£

By the South Sea Company, to-pav Half a Year’s Interest due the 5th Day of July 1777, being after the Rate of £. 3jper Centum per Annum, on £. 1,919,600, to which £. 2,100,000, borrowed on Credit of this Fund by an Act 24* Georgii 2il, is reduced, by abating from the same, £. 180,400, subscribed and redeemed

in pursuance of the Acts 12®, 14*, and 15° Georgii 3d* - 28,794----

By Ditto for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Time - 539 17 9

By the Chief Cashier of the said South Sea Company, for his Trouble, and to reimburse the Charges of passing the Accompt of the said Annuities granted per Act 24° Georgii 2^, for 3 Years, to the 5th Day of January 1772, and obtaining a Quietus on the same, ftc. and for Warrants, Orders, and Imprest Rolls, ana Fees to the Auditors of the Imprests, on the Accompt of the said Annuities, for 3 Years, to the 5th Day of January 1775 - - - - 1,025 10 10

By Cash taken-to answer Annuities on single Lives payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2^, and charged on this Fund by an Act 32®

Georgii 2d*, for the Half Year ended the 5th day of July 1777 ... 13,992 17 6

By Cash taken to answer Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, payable at the Exchequer, granted and charged on this Fund by an Act 5®

Georgii 3d1, for the Half Year ended the 10th JL>av of October 1777 - - 270 — —

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Batik of England, to pay Half a Year’s Annuity, due the 10th Day of October 1777, on £. 18,986,300, to which the principal Sum of £. 20,240,000, (made one Joint Stock of £.4 per Centum Annuities, by an Act 2® Georgii 3lU) is reduced, by the Sum of £. 1,253,700, having been subscribed for £. 3 per Centum Annuities, with the Advantages attending the same, pursuant to an Act 10° Georgii 3d1 - - 379,726 —

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities, for the same Half Year 5,339 17 1 1J;

By the said Chief Cashier of the Govemorand Company of the Bank of England, for Annuities granted per Acts \9 and a® Georgii 3'", for 99 and 98 Years; which were made One Joint Stock of Annuities from the 5th Day of January ^764, by an Act 4® Georgii 3d1 for the Half Yeaj ended the 5th Day of July

- - ’ - - - - 124,125----

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities, for the same Half Year 1,745 i° ij By Ditto, to pay Half a Year’s Annuity due the 10th of October 1777 (being after the Rate of £. 4 per Centum per Annum) on £. 5,000,000, borrowed and charged 011 this Fund by an Act 17® Georgii 3d4 ---- 100,000 ——

Ov

o

18 Geo. IIL 26° Jauuarii*

g

eg |

r — H

n'

CD

Q_

CT

The several Rates and Duties payable by all Persons, Bodies Politic, or Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 09° Georgii 241 -

To the additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and pointed Papers, grauted by an Act 30* Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuaut to an Act 3*2° Georgii 241 ——

The additional Duty on Coals exported, the like.

The Surplus of the New Duty on Licences to retail Wines, the like D* of the Duties on Licences to retail Spirits, the like -The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Ac 3 2° Georgii a41, brought to this Account pursuaut to an Act 33

Georgii 2di ——

The additional Inland Duty on Chocolate, the like -

The additional Inland Duty on Coffee, par Acts 3*2° Georgii 2", and 5 Georgii 3d1 -

The Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 24° Georgii a41 brough t to this Account pursuant to an Act 20 Georgii 3d1 The Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted by Acts 330 Georgii 2di, and 6* Georgii 3d1, brought to this Account pursuant to Apts 2° and 6* Georgii $tU- - -

The Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act a® Georgii 3tU, and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act -The Duties upon Malt, grapted by an Act 33* Georgii -241, and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 2° Georgii g*1 -The additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, granted by an Act 1* Georgii 3d1, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 4* Georgii

ntU

The additional Duty upon the Exportation of Coals, and of several East India Goods, granted and made a Part of this* Fund by an Act

50 Georgii 3tU - -.....-

The additional Duties on Policies of Assurance, the like -

The additional Duties upon Italian SUk Crapes and Tiffanies, imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 6° Georgii 3

The additional Subsidy upon East India Wrought Silks, ice. granted and made a Part of this Fund by one other Act 6° Georgii 3MI The additional Duties upon Broad Linen Cloth and Drillings imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 70 Georgii 3d*

The additional Duties upon Wines imported, granted by an Act 3* Georgii3d1, brought to this Account pursuant to ap Act 8° Georgii 3*h The Duties upon Cyder and Perry, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3d1, brought to this Account pursuant to the above Act 8° Georgii 3d4 The additional Duty on Coaches, granted by an Act 16 Georgii and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act -The additional Stamp Duty on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and on News Papers, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act -

The additional Duty on Cards and Dice, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act -

The additional Stamp Dnty on’Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 17* Georgii 3,d

1,525 —

41.051 IO £

6,512. 16 7

11,072 11 ioi

20,668 8 li»

77.308 —

L*43-----

77 —

42.637 —

235,049

40.913

269,302

284,801 —

16,548 8 7

1.994 12 4

3,000-----

7.364 16 3} 3.063 16 $ 43.094 ‘o £

12,319

12,120

32,429 13 G

4.415 19 7

5,888 3 —

1,820,806 19 7

To Cash brought from the Supply for the Service of the Year 1777, pursuant to an Act 170 > 3. £ l0$

Georgii 3d1, to replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of Ju(y 1776, of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of the -Reign of his late Majesty King George the Secdnd - - - - - - - - . > *

44>590 13 4i

3,282/631 ic

4>°44

By Ditto, to pay Annuities, to continue for 10 Years, from the 5th Day of April 1777* being after the Rate of Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, on the said Five Millions, for Half a Year, ended the said 10th Day of October 1777 By Ditto, lor Charges of Management of the several Annuities payable in respect ‘of 4,980,772. fy. 3Ad. remaining unredeemed of £. 5,000,000, borrowed by virtue of -an Act 310Gcorgii 42d, for the Service of the Year 1758, (which Management was, by a Clause in the said Act, charged on this Fund) for the ^aifYear ended thtr 5th Day of July 1777 -

By Cash taken to nuke ^ood the Deficiency, on the 5U1 Day of July 1777, of: the FuffcHbr Payment of ‘Atmiiftics granted by an Act 31* Georgii'*41, which ♦by a Clause in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament -

By . Cash taken towards the Supply of the Year 1777, pursuant to, an Act 17° Georgii 3d1 (being the Surplus of this Fund, which remained for Disposition of Parliament on the 5th Day of April 1777) - -

By Cash taken in Part ofj£. 1,939,636. 5s. 9§rf, granted by the said Act, iitrther towards the Supply of the said Year 1777 -

lMho - -

1,400 16 its

*i»*74 u ij

760,363 14 a| 1,700,811 3 3

4,042,995 4 5

This -being* the noth Half-yearly Account* made up pursuant to an Act 90 Georgii l®1 (Page 367) is humbly presented this a6th Day of January, 1778, by me

tGWry Cooper«

*8tLi -fr 'tupmp£ cgz gop

18 Geo. III.

a<5° J.amiaru.

Ordered, That the said' Surplufes do lie upon the Table, to be per a Tod by the Members of the House.

Account; Sink'n g Fund.

tities of each Sort imported from America in each Year:. And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Plantation

Ordered, That there be laid before this I loirfe, an Tobaccoimported into.that part of Great Britain called Account of the Money remaining in the Receipt of the and thcQuantity exported from

Exchequer, on the 31 If Day of January 1778, for the 1 jGo to 1776, which is as far as

Disposition of Parliament, of the Surplufes, Excelfes, the same can be made up, together with the Grofe and an:l Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, of the Fund Net Produce of the Duties upon the fame; distinguish-

Stpenage,

Sc.

Road*.

commonly called the Sinking Fund, after (ati&lying all the Cl larges and Incumbrances thereupon.

Mr. Pl:tnn r reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Arts, passed in the Sixth and Twelfth Years of King George the Firil, the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, and the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Stevenage, in th,e County

ing each Year: And. Also,

A Return to the Second Order of the Honourable the Commons-of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, dated 10th December. 1777.

And t lien he withdrew.

And the Titles, of the said Accounts and Return were read.

And the said. Return was also read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Return do lie

of Hertford, to Bigglcfwade, in the County of Bedford, upon the Table, to be pended by the Menibers of the and other Roads therein mentioned, was committed; House. 1

Tfuit the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and tha^ the Committee had gone through the Bill, and, made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to file House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment were Once read throughout; and then a a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put therciqion, were agreed to by the House. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Lmd T»z

Station mbr Brails lock> lure.

Accounts from the Custcnihouse.

ingrossed.

Sir Charles Whitworth, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for appointing Commissioners to put in execution an Art of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Hind Tax to be raised in Great H tain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven

hundred and Seventy-eight," together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the I^md Tax: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Right honourable Robert Edward Lord Pelre, Imrd of the Manor and principal Pro-

prietor of the Parish of Sutton under Brails, in the County of Gloucester, on Behalf of himself and other Land Owners, within the said Manor and Parish, was presented to the House, and read;Setting forth, That there are, within-the said Manor and Parish several Open Arable Fields, Commonable Hinds, and Waste Grounds; and that it w< Id he of great Benefit and Advantage to the Owners iivterested tlienein if the feme wcie divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may lie given to bring in a Bill for < dividing and inciofuig the said Open Arable Fields, and Parcels of Commonable and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall l’eein meet.

OrderedJYhat Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Chqjjer and Sir William GuiJ'alo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House lwdnginformed that Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantities of Iron, Hemp, and

The said; Accounts and Return are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Receipt of the Customs, from Midfitmmer 1762, as fer as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Subsidy, and each Year.

Resolved, That this House willy immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces,

bile on Shore.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the . said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made-several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning:

Account; net Receipt of Customs.

Marine

Forces.

That this House will, immediately,-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upop the Bill forth© better Supply ef Mariners and Seamen, to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chafe.

Mr. Stephens took tlje Chair of the Comipitfee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gQne through tfec Rift, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Reverend Joseph Eyre, , Clerk, Rertor of the Parish of in the County ,of

Lincoln, and as such entitled to a certain Part of the . Rertorjal or Great Ty tiles arising within the fei<j Parish of Rvjkington, and likewise Vicar of the said Parife and as -such entitled to the Vicarial or Siu^U'Tythes, ari-sing the rein, and other Proprietors of Lands within the said Parish, whole Names arc thereunto subscribed, ivas presented -to the idoui'e, and read-; Settingfortli, TJyit there are, within the said Parish, several Open Compio*1 Fields, Meadow Grounds, Common Fen, anuot^er.Copi-Wood, imported into that Part o (Great Britain cidled monable Places, which are computed to contain 3,600 England from Christmas 1760 to Christmas 1776, which Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands and Grounds is as far as the same can be made up, 'together with of the Petitioners, and others, in the said Open Fields, the Gross and Net produce of the Duties of the same; Meadow Grounds, aiul other Commonable Places, are, diliinguilliing the Wars, and distinguishing the Quan- in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement: Vol. 3d. ' ' 7 Q and

Mariners

and

SpatflciU

Rsklngton In closure

6 io

cl6° — 210

Bo! Cover tnclosure.

Supply*

Wi y* arid Means.

Returns of Corps io America.

And thirefore praying, That Leave may b? given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Common Fen, and other Commonable Places, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave, be given to bring in - a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pelham, Lord Brownlow Lord Robert Bertie,

and Mr. Vyner, do prepare, and bring in,- the fame,

A Petition of the Molt noble William Henri/ dish, Duke of Portland, Lord of the Manor of Bofover,

in the County of Derby, and also Impropriator of the Great Tvtlies within the Parish of , and of the

Right honourable Henry Earl Bathurjt, a principal Proprietor of Lands within the said Parish, in Behalf of themselvee, and other Land Owners, and Copyhold or Customary Tenants, within the said Parish of and in that Part of the Pari Hi of Cloivn which lies within the said Manor of Bolsover, in the County of

Derby,y/as prefen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor of

Bolsover, within the Parish of Bolsover, and that Part of the Parish of Cloxm which lies in the said Manor of Bolsover, in the County of Derby, several Open Arable Fields, and Parcels of Common and Waste Grounds, of large Extent; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Arable Fields, and Parcels of Common and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Covendijk and Mr. Curzoti do prepare, and

bring in, the lame.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ktfolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Colonel Barre have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the last Returns or States that have been received of the several Corps serving at , New,

and Rhode Island.

Ordered, That the said Papers <k> lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the 1 loul’e.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Combe have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House-accordingly j and presented to the House,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, in the Counties of Salop and whole

Names are thereunto subscribed:

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application is making fora Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from The Bars, at Boughlon, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to

Newport, and other Places in the said Act mentioned-: and that there is a Turnpike Road leading from port aforesaid to Eccleskalland Stafford, in the said County of Stafford-, and it would be of great public

Utility to have a Communication between the said Turnpike Road leading from

and the said Turnpike Road leading from to

Eccleskall and Stafford as aforesaid, which may he effected, and at a final! Expence, by making a Road from or near Butcher's Barn, in the Parish of in the said County of Salop, on the Road between and Newport to Flint's Gate, in the Parish of Norton, and County of Stafford, on the said Turnpike Road leading from Newport to Eccleskall and Stafford, which Road of Communication will, be but about Half a Mile in Length; And therefore praying, That if the said Bill do pass into a Law, Provision may be made to include the said Road.ofCommunication therein, under such Regulations, or Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting ip execution an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from The Bars at Boughlon, within the Liberties of the City of Ckester, to If'hit-church, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, to I vet fey Bank, in the County of Stafford, and from thened to Ca/tlc Bromwich and Stone in the

Parish o (Hamptonon sirdenfm the County

and from Cujtle Bromwich to Birmingham, in the same County, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Bon’htoa

Arc.

Ruud.

Army

Return*.

The Lord North presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Abstract of the Number of Recruits raised by the several Regiments in Ireland, from the 291k of September 1774^0 the 29th of September 1777^ distinguilliing each Year: And also,

Return of Recruits raised in the Royal Ir 'Jh Regiment of Artillery, from the 29th of September <i 774 to the 29th of September 1777 - And also.

State of the Cavalry in Irefor the Month of November 1777 :.Ana also.

State of the Infantry, in Ireland, for the said Month: And also.

Return of the Royal Regiment of Artillery in Ireland, for the said Month.

Together with Schedules of the said Papers.

And the said Shedules were read.

Martts, 2 7* die ‘Januarii;

Anno 18* Georgii IIP" Regis, 177S.

Prayers.

f\R D ERE D, That thert be laid before this House, ''an Account of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Surpluses, Excesses, Overplus Monies, and other Revenues of the Fund commonly calied the Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ended, the 5 th Day of January 1778,

An ingrossfed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts, passed in the Sixth and Twelfth Years of King George the First, the Twenty-eigU h Year of

bi>

Account 1 Funi

Steren*ge,

t/C.

Head*.

SaJtnev

Marto

Inclosure,

tcc.

18 Geo. Ilf. januariii

his' late Majesty, and the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from , in the

Counity of Hertford, to Big in the County of Bedford, and other Roads therein mentioned*' Was read the Third Time. ' -

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts, palfed in the Sixth and Twelfth Years of King George the First, the Twenty-eighth Year -of his late Majesty, and the Ninth Year of His present Majesty* for repairing the Roads from Stevenage in the County of Hertford, to Biggtefwdde, in the County of *

and other Roads therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Pturner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of thd Reverend Sir Stephen Baronet, I^ord of the Manor of Haxoarden, in the County of Flint, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of them* selves,'and all other the Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Manoi^ and Parish of Haw air den aforesaid, which are allefled to, and do pay, the Land Tax within the said Manor, was-presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is, within the said Manor and Parish, a certain-Common, Or Parcel of Waste Ground, or Marsh, called Saltney Marsh, containing 2,000 Acres, or thereabouts j-

and that the Petitioner, the said Sir Stephen as

Lord of the said Manor, is Owner of the Soil of the said-Common or Marsh, and a very considerable Proprietor of Lands within the said Manor and Parish, and also Impropriator of the perpetual Advowson of the Rectory of the said Parish; and that the Petitioners, and all other the Owners of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Manor and Parish, who are allefled to the Land Tax within the said Manor, are entitled to a Right of Common in the said Saltney Marsh-, and that the new Cut of the River Dee now hounds the North of the said Saltney Marsh-, and, for want of proper Banks and Fences against the said River, the said Common has been damaged, and in frequent Danger of being destroyed by the Flux and Reflux of the Tides: for preventing which, several Agreements have been entered into (and confirmed by Act of Parliament) between the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the said River Dee, and the Lord of the said Manor of Hawarden, and the Freeholders and Occupiers of Lands within the said Manor; and that the said Saltney Marsh might be considerably improved, if the same was inclosed and divided into specific Allotments,-and Provision made by Embankments, and other wise, -for effectually securing it from the Depredations which are liable to be committed by the overflowing of the said River, which would not only be of the greatest Advantage to the Petitioners and the several other Persons entitled to Right or Common thereon, but would also be of public Benefit; and that it would greatly contribute to the effectual carrying on and completing of the said intended Inclosure, Division, Embankment, and other the Purposes before mentioned, and would also be ofconMerable Benefit to the Petitioners, and the' several other Persons interested in such Division, and the Neighbourhood in general, if the slid Common of Saltney was erected into and made a Town and Township ofitself, and to have and enjoy all.Rights and Privileges belonging to a several Township, in as ample a Manner a-vany Town or Township in the said Manor and Parish of Hawarden now hath and enjoys, or can or may have or enjoy: And therefore praying* That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner and Form, and with such Powers, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Voi. 36.

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Pet’itioft i Arid‘that Mr. Salusbury Brereton and Sir Mojtyn do prepare, hnd bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Hoghton arid Mr. tire reton be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Richard Bootle,

Esquire, and Mary his Wife, Henry Asheton; Esquire Roger Topping, Richard Taylor, and Henry Gill, Gen-: tlemen, and the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed.

Lord Algernon Percy reported from the Committee,* to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being several of the Trustees appointed in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act

*for repairing the Road leading from Long " or Gate, on the Poll Road, near the Town of il/orpeth, by or through Long Weldon Bridge, and

'* Whiltingham, to the River Breafnish, and from thence " to Piercy’s Cross, in the County tit Northumberland," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of Apj-il 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them* to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table! Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the.' said Act was read: And*

' Mr. Bryan Grey, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the execution of the said Act, and have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which, with the Tolls collected, have been duly applied for the Purposes- of the said Act} that a considerable Sum of Money, borrowed as aforesaid, now remains due, and the Tolls collected have not been sufficient to repair the said Road, or even to pay all the Interest of the Money borrowed, but the Trustees have been obliged to turn the Interest into Principal; that the Money so borrowed cannot be paid off, and the said Road kept in sufficient Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be continued and enlarged; and that it is necessary to make some Alterations and Amendments to the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from Long Horsley Bar or on the Poll Road, near the Town of Morpeth, by or through Long Horsley, Weldon Bridge and Whitlingham, to the River,

and from thence to Piercy's Cross, in the County of Northumberland: And that Lord Algernon Percy, Sir William Middleton, and Sir Malth do

prepare and bring in the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of and Persons interested in the Open Fields* Meadows, and Commons, in the Lordflrip of Earl Shiltoiij in the County of Leicester, on Behalf of themselves, and all other the Proprietors and Persons interested therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That it will be advantageous to the Proprietors of and Persons interested in the said Fields* Meadows* and Commons, to have the same divided and inclosed, and a specific Share thereof allotted to every of them, according to their respective Properties and Interests therein, to be held in Severalty for ever: And therefore praying That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing

allotting

Latham and Kelmerfdale Inclosure.

UorfleyBar*

&c.

Road;

Earl Shii< dtt Inclosure:

612

2 70 January. 1778-

allotting, and inclosing, the said Fields, M'eadows, and Commons, in fuel) Manner'as to the House fault lfeem facet.

Ordered, That I^cavc he given to bring in a Bill, pnrfunilt'.toihe Prayer'of the fiti'd Petition: And that Mr. Himgfrfnrd, Sir Joh Palmer, and Mr. Durher, do' prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Efthuteof Ordered, That an - Eft i mate of the Debt of 11 is Ma-

as it flood on the 3^1 it of December 1-777, be laid before this House.

Account; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an ublicDcbta: Account of all the Public Debts at the Receipt of His Majesty’9 Exchequer, handing out on the 5th Day of January 1778, with the Annual Interest, or other Charges, payable for the fame.

Tong’* An ihgroffecl Pill from the Lords, intituled, An Act or Naturalizing Francis Long, was read the First Time. Rcfok'cd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Barrington prefen ted to the House, pursuant

to their Address to His Majesty,

Pape>*' N® i. Lift of the Corps which have been ordered to relating :o be raised daring the late Adjournment of the Honle of tew rai'ed Commons, with the Names of the Officers appointed Corp». to command those Corps: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from the Secretary at War, containing the ’Perms on which the Manckejkr Regiment is to be raised: And also,

N° 7. Copy of Letters from the Secretary at War, containing the Terms on which Colonel Gordon's, Colonel Mackenzie's, Colonel Murray's, and Colonel Maclean's, Corps are to be raised: And also.

N® 4, Copy of- Letters from the Secretary at War, containing the Perms on which Lieutenant Colonel Campbell's and Lieutenant Colonel MaeMonncll s Corps aro to be raised: And also,

N° 15. Copy of Letters from the Secretary at War, containing the 'Perms on which the Edinburgh and Glajgoro Regiments are to be raised: And also,

N° 6. Copy of a Letter from the Secretary at War, containing the Terms ou which Corps

is to be raised: And also,

N®7. Copy of a Letter from the Secretary at War, containing l hoTermson which the Liverpoole Regiment is to 5e raised: And also,

N® 8 and 9. Copy of Letters from the Secretary at War, containing the Terms on which the Nine Welsh Companies are to be raised: And also,

N® r o. Lift of Officers proposed for the Manchcfrcr Regiment: And also,

N® xi. Lift of Officers proposed for Colonel Mackenzie's Regiment: And also,

N® 1 a. Lift of Officers proposed for Colonel Murray's Regiment: And also,

N° 13. Lift of Officers proposed for Colonel Maclean's Regiment: And also,

N° 14. Lift of Officers proposed for Lieutenant Colonel Mac Donnell's Corps: And also,

N° 15. Lift of Officers proposed for the Edinburgh Regiment: And also,

N° 16. Lift of Officers proposed for the Ldverpoole Regiment: And also,

N° 17. Lift of Officers proposed for Nine Welsh Companies.

Together with the Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule was read.

The said Papers are as followeth; viz.

LIST of Corps which have been ordered to be raised during the late Adjournment of the House of Commons,

with the Names of the Officers appointed to command those Corps.

Corps:

Royal Manchester Regiment of Foot

A Highland Regiment of Foot

D® -

D* - -

D® - -

D® - -

A Battalion of Foot in North Britain A Highland Regiment of Foot Royal Liverpool Blues -Royal Edinburgh Volunteers -Royal Glasgow Volunteers - - *

Nine Independent Companies in Wales

Commandants:

« Colonel Mawhood.

» - Colonel William Gordon.

- - Colonel John M'Kenxie.

- - Lieut. Colonel John,

- Colonel James Murray.

- - Lieut. Colonel John

- - Colonel Francis McLean.

<- - Lieut. Colonel Earl of

- - M^jor General Calcrqft.

- - Colonel Sir Wm Erskine.

- Colonel Alexander

Captain Hugh Lord.

Captain Rowland Edwards. Captain Alex' Campbell.

Captain George Adams.

Captain Thomas Lloyd*.

Captain Lord VifcOunt-P ieiding. Captain George Vaughan. Captain John Edwards.

Captgjn Lord Herbert.

iS Geo. lit

27* JanuariL

COPY of a Letter from the Secretary at War to Sir Thomas , Baronet, dated 16th December 1777-

SIR, War-Offrce, 16th December 1777.

I AM commanded by the King to acquaint you, that His Majesty approves of the very handsome Offer made by the Town of Manchester, through you, for raising a Regiment of Foot at their own Expence; the Regiment to consist of Eight Battalion Companies, One Company of Grenadiers, and One'of Light Infantry. The Battalion Companies to consist each of 1 Cftptairt, Lieutenants, 1 Ensign, .,. Serjeants, ... Corporals; 2 Duimmers, and 100 private Men; the Grenadier Company of 1 Captain, 3 Lieutenants, ... Serjeants, ... Corporals, a Drummers, 2 Fifers, and 100 Men; tli’e Light Infantry Company of 1 Captain, 3 Lieutenants,

Serjeants, Corporals, 2 Drummers, and 100 Private, with the usual Staff Officers. The Regiment to have 1 Colonel Commandant, 1 Lieutenant Colonel, and 1 Major, each having also a Company.

The Non-cominillioned Officers and private Men are to receive Pay from the Days of their respective Attestations.

No more than Three Guineas Bounty Money will be allowed to be givdrt to each Recruit.

None are to be en lifted under Five Fbfet Four Inches, nor under Eighteeh Years, or above Thirty.

It is required, that the Regiment shall be actually raised and approved (after bfeing reviewed by a General Officer) within Four Months from the Date hereof. I have represented to His Majesty, that Commissions are not desired for the Officers until the Regiment shall be so reviewed and approved, except for Captain,

of the 23d, and RogerAy faun, Esquire, late of the nth DrSgOOfis, the intended Major and eldest Captain.

The Lift of the other Gentlemen, recommended through you, for Commissions, has been laid before the King, and honoured with His Royal Approbation; and they may be affuied that they shall have Commissions as soon as ever the Regiment is raised and approved.

I am likewise authorized by His Majesty to acquaint you, that the Officers wilt bfe entitted to Half Pay irt case the Regiment shall be reduced after it has been once established.

I have the Honour to be,

Slit, Kc.

Sir Thomas Egerton, Baronet,

Heaton, Lancashire.

fcOPY ot a Letter from the Secretary at War to the Honourable Colonel William Gorton,

December 1777.

dated 19th

SIR, \Var-0ifici?, 19th December 1777.

I A M commanded by the King to acquaint you, that His Majesty approves of yorir Proposal for raffing n Regiment of Foot in the Hi gift anils of Scotland; to cdnlili of Eight Battalion Companies, One Company of Grenadiers, and One of Light Infantry. The Battalion Costipanics to consist each of 1 Captain, 2 Lieutenants, 1 Ensign, 5 Serjeants, 5 Corporals, % Drummers, and 100 private Men5 the Grenadier Costipany of 1 Captain, 3 Lieutenants, 5 Serjeants, 5 Corporals, 2 Drummers, 2 Pipers, ami 100 private Men; the Light Inftmtryi Company of 1 Captain, 3 Lieutenants, 5 Serjeants, 5 Corpbrals; 2 Drumrtiers, And 100 Private, with the usual Staff Officers. The Regiment to have the Field Officers undermentioned; viz. One.Lieutenant Colonel and One Major, each having also a Company; and One Major without a Company, receiving an Allowance of 1 of per Diem in lieu thereof, and 5$ per Diem as Major; but in case of the Death or Promotion of the additional Major, the Pay of such Major is to cease tqioh the Establishment.

The Regiment to be under your Command as Colonel Commandant, with the Command of a Corhpftnv.

I am to inform you, that Levy Money will be allotved you at the Rate of £.3 per Man, for 1,082 Men} and that His Mqjcity has been pleased to direct, that the Pay of the Regiment shall take place frofo the Date of your Beating Order; and shall be allowed you in Aid of Recruiting, on Condition that you do 'render an exact Account of the said Levy Money, and Pay, that shall be issued to you, charging against it Five Guineas for each Man reviewed and approved, together with tin; Subsistence of the Nou-comiiriffioned Offiders trnd private Men, from the Day of their respective Attdiations; ami if thebe lbnilld be any Bidande Vemaining it is to be eonlidered as a Saving to the Public, to be hereafter (Tilposed of as shall be thought proper.

No more than Three Guineas, will be allowed to be given to each Recruit.

None are to be inlisted under Five Feet Four Inches, nor under Eighteen Years, dr above Thirty.

It is required, that the Regiment shall be actually raised and approved (after being reviewed by a General Officer) within Four Months from the Date heieof.

I have represented to Mis Majesty, that you humbly hope you shall be indulged in recommending the Officers; being hu h as are well affected to His Majesty, and most likely, by their interests and Connections, to allilt in railing the Corps without Delay; but that you do not desire any Commissions for them until the Regiment shall have been raised and approved.

You will therefore be plealed to send to rhe, for His Majesty’s, Cqpsideration, a Lilt of sech Persons as you propose for Officers; who, if they meet with His Royal Approbation, may be affined that they shall have.

Vol. 30. ° 7 R Commissions

Ik-

Si 4 270 Januarii 177S.

Commi (lions as foen as ever the Regiment is completed. And I am to acquaint you, it is His Majesty’s Intention, that the Companies which shall be first raised thall entitle their Captains and Subalterns to Seniority in the Regiment, according to their respective Ranks, and the different Periods at which the said Companies shall be completed.

I am to inform you, that in case the Persons approved by the King for the Rank of Major ftnjuld be of less than Five Years Handing in the Army as Captains, they are to pay 300 each for their Commissions; which Sums are to be carried in Aid of the Charge brought on the Public for Levy Money* and credited to the General Account.

I am likewise authorized by His Majesty to acquaint you, the Officers will be entitled to Half Pay in case the Regiment shall be reduced after it has been once established.

I have the King’s Commands to add, that as Orders are given for several other Highland Corps, it is His Majesty’s Intention, that their Seniority in the Army shall be determined by the Periods at which they shall btf respectively completed.

I have the Honour to be,

SIR,

Honourable Colonel William Gordon.

Like Letter, of same Date, to John Mackenzie, Esquire.

Like Letter, dated the 25th of December 1777, to Colonel James Murray. Like Letter, dated the 3d of January 1778, to Colonel Francis McLean.

COPY of a Letter from the Secretary at War to Lieutenant Colonel John Campbell, dated 19th December 1777.

SIR, War-Office, 19 th 1777;

I AM commanded by the King to acquaint you, that His Majesty approves of your Proposal for raising a Regiment of Foot in the Highlands of Scotland; to consist of Eight Battalion Companies, One Company of Grenadiers, and One of Light Infantry. The Battalion Companies to consist ekeh of 1 Captain, 2 Lieutenants, 1 Ensign, 5 Serjeants, 5 Corporals, 2 Drummers, and 100 private Men; the Grenadier Company of 1 Captain, 3 Lieutenants, 5 Serjeants, 5 Corporals, 2 Drummers, 2 Pipers, and 100 private Men; the Light Infantry Company of 1 Captain, 3 Lieutenants, 5 Serjeants, 5 Corporals, 2 Drummers, and 100 Private, with the usual Staff Officers. The Regiment to have 2 Majors, each having also a Company; and to be under your Command, as Lieutenant Colonel Commandant, with the Command of a Company.

I am to inform you, that Levy Money will be issued to you, at the Rate of £. 3 per Man, for 1,082 Men; and that His Majesty has been pleased to direct, that the Pay of the Regiment shall take place from the Date of your Beating Order, and shall be allowed you in Aid of Recruiting, on Condition that you do render an exact Account of the said Levy Money, and Pay, that shall be issued to you, charging against it Five Guineas for each Man reviewed and approved, together with the Subsistence of the Non-commissioned Officers and private Men, from the Day of their respective Attestations; and if there should be any Balance remaining it is to be considered as a Saving to the Public, to be hereafter disposed of as shall be thought proper.

No more than Three Guineas will be allowed to be given to each Recruit.

None are to be enlisted under Five Feet Four Inches, nor under Eighteen Years, or above Thirty.

It is required, that the Regiment shall be actually raised and approved (after being reviewed by a General Officer) within Four Months from the Date hereof.

1 have represented to His Majesty, that you humbly hope you shall be indulged in recommending the Officers, being such as are well affected to His Majesty, and most likely, by their Interest and Connections, to assist iu railing the Corps without Delay; but that you do not desire any Commissions for them until the Regiment shall have been raised and approved.

You will therefore be pleased to send to me, for His Majesty’s Consideration, a List of such Persons as you propose for Officers, who, if they meet with His Royal Approbation, may be assured that they shall have Commissions as soon as ever the Regiment is completed. And I am to acquaint you, it is His Majesty’s Intention, that the Companies which shall be first raised shall entitle their Captains and Subalterns to Seniority in the Regiment, according to their respective Ranks, and the different Periods at which the said Companies shall be completed.

I am to inform you, that in case the Persons approved by the King for the Rank of Major should be of less than Five Years Handing in the Army as Captains, they are to pay £. 300 each for their Commissions; which Sums are to be carried in Aid of the Charge brought on the Public for Levy Money, and credited to the General Account.

I am likewise authorized by His Majesty to acquaint you, the Officers will be entitled to Half Pay in case the Regiment shall be reduced after it has been once established.

I have the King’s Commands to add, that as Orders are given for several other Highland Corps, it is His Majesty’s Intention that their Seniority in the Army shall be determined by the Periods at which they shall be respectively completed.

I have the Honour to be,

SIR, Sic.

Lieutenant Colonel John Campbell, Barrington.

of the late 78th Foot.

Like Letter, dated the 2 5th December .1777, to Lieutenant Colonel

o

i 8 Geo. III. 270 Januariu §

COPY of a Letter from the Secretary at Wat tb Colonel Sir William Erskine, dated x 7th January 177?,

SIR, War-Office, 17th January 1778.

I AM commanded by the King to acquaint you, that His Mrijeily approves of the very haridtome Proposal made by the Gentlemen of Edinburgh, for raising a Regiment of Foot at their owri Expence; the Regiment to confilt of Eight Battalion Companies, One Company bf Grenadiers, and One of Light Infantry. The Battalion Companies to confilt each of 1 Captain, a Lieutenants; t Ensign, 5 Serjeants, 5 Corporals, 2 Drummers, and 100 private Men; the Grenadier Company of 1 Captain, 3 Lieutenants, 5 Serjeants, 5 Corporals, i Drummers, 2 Fifers, and 100 private Men; the Light Infantry Company of 1 Captain, 3 Lieutenants, 5 Serjeants, 5 Corporals, 1 Drummers, and 100 Private, With the usual Staff Officers. The Regiment to have the following Field Officers; viz. 1 Lieutenant Colonel and 1 Major, each having also a Company; and 1 Majbr without a Company, receiving an Allowance of 10 s.per Diem in lieu thereof and 5 per Diem as Major; but in case of the Death or Promotion of the additional Major, the Pay of such Major is to cease upon the Establishment. The Regiment to be under your Command, as Colonel Commandant, with the Command of a Company.

The Non-commissioned Officers and private Men are ter receive Pay from the Days of their respective Attestations.

No more than Three Guineas Bounty Money will be allowed to be given to each Recruit.

None are to be enlilied under Five Feet Four Inches, nor under Eighteen Years, or above Thirty.

It is required that the Regiment shall be actually raised and approved (after being reviewed by a General Officer) within Four Months from the Date hereof.

I am likewise authorized by His Mfiiefty to acquaint you, that the Officers will be etititled to Half Pay in fcafe the Regiment shall be reduced after it has been once established.

I am to add, that it is His Majesty’s Pleasure, that from the Date hereof, arid during the Continuance of the Rebellion now subsisting in North America, every Person who shall enlist as a Soldier in any of His Majesty’s Marching Regiments of Foot, shall be entitled to his Discharge at the end of Three Years, or at the end of the Rebellion, at the Option of His Majesty.

I have the Honour to be,

SIR,

Coloriel Sir William Erskine. Barrington.

Like Lettes, of the same Date, to the Honourable Colonel Alexander Leslie, for the Glasgow Volunteers*

COPY Of a Letter from the Secretary at War to the Earl of Seqfort/i, dated 8th January 1778.

XlY LOR War-Office, 8th January 1778.

I A M commanded by the King to acquaint your Lordship, that His Majesty approves of your Proposal for raising a Regiment of Foot in the Highlands of Scotland; to consist of Eight Battalion Companies, One Company of Grenadiers, and One of Light Infantry. The Battalion Cohipatiied to consist each of 1 Captain, 2 Lieutenants, 1 Ensign, 5 Serjeants, 5 Corporals, 2 Drummers, and 1O0 private Men; the Grenadier Com-

Eof 1 Captain, 3 Lieutenants, 5 Serjeants, 5 Corporals, 2 Drummers, 2 PiperS, and 100 private Meit; the v t Infantry Company of 1 Captain, 3 Lieutenants, 5 Serjeants, 5 Corporals, 2 Drummers, and iod Private, with the usual Staff Officers. The Regiment to have 1 Lieutenant Colonel Commandant and 2 Majors, each having also the Command of a Company.

I am to inform you, that Levy Money will be issued to you at the Rate of £. 3 per Man for 1,082 Men; and that His Majesty has been pleased to direct, that the Pay of the Regiment shall take place from the Date of your Beating Order, and shall be allowed you in Aid of Recruiting, on Condition that you do fender an exact Account of the said Levy Money, and Pay, that shall be issued to you, charging against it Five Guineas for each Man reviewed and approved, together with the Subllstence of the Non-commissioned Officers and private Men, from the Day of their respective Attestations; and if there should be any Balance remaining, it is to be considered as a Saving to the Public, to be hereafter disposed of as shall be thought proper.

No more than Three Guineas will be allowed to be giveri to each Recruit.

None are to be enlisted under Five Feet Four Inches, nor under Eighteen Yeafs, or above Thirty*;

It is required, that the Regiment shall be actually raised and approved (after being reviewed by a General Officer) within Four Months from the Date hereof.

Having laid before the King your Lordship’s Representation, that your having the Command of this Corps will considerably accelerate the raising and completing it -, and that, defiroits of {hewing your Attachment to the Cause, by Personal Service, your Lordship hopes His Majesty will not object to your being appointed.Lieutenant Colonel Commandant, on Condition that you do renounce all Claim to future Rank or Promotion iri thg Army; and in case of a Reduction, that y on do not desire Half Pay, or any other Emolument whatsoever: I am to acquaint yrou, His Majesty is pleased, on these Conditions, to approve of your Lordship as Lieutenant Colonel Commandant, with the Command of a Company.

Vol. 36. His

6i6 270 Januarit. A. 1778.

H is Majesty rcferves to himself the Nomination of the Two Majors; but leaves to your Lord Hi in the Recommendation of the other Officers, being such as are well affected to His Majesty, and most likely, by their Interest and Connections, to a dill in railing the Corps without Delay; who, if they meet with his Koval Approbation, may be allured that they shall have Commissions as loon as ever the Regiment is completed.

I am likewise authorized by His Majesty to acquaint your Lordship, the Officers will be entitled to Half Pay in case the Regiment shall be reduced after it has been once established.

H is Majesty consents, that on a ReddClion, the Corps shall be ditbnnded in Bofishire,

I am to add, that it is His Majesty’s Pleasure, that from the Date hereof*, and during the Continuance of the Rebellion now fubiifting in North America, every Person who shall ehlift as a Soldier in any of His Marching Regiments of Foot, shall be entitled to his Discharge at the End of Three Years, or at the End of Jhe Rebellion, at the Option of His Majesty.

I have the ilonour to be,

mV lord, arc.

Earl of Seaforth.

COPY of a Letter froth thC Secretary at War to the Mayor bf Liverpool, dated 8th January 1778.

SIR, War-Office, .8th January 1778.

I AM commanded by the King to acquaint yoq, that His Majesty approves of the very handsome Pro* posal made by the Gentlemen of Liverpool, through their Committee, for raising a Regiment of Foot at their own Expence; the Regiment to confili of Eight Battalion Companies, One Company of Grenadiers* and One of Light Infantry. The Battalion Companies to coiilift each of 1 Capfain, 2 Lieutenants, 1 Ensign* 5 Serjeants, 5 Corporals, 2 Drummers, and 100 private Men; the Grenadier Company of 1 Captain, 3 Lieutenants, 5 Serjeants, 5 Corporals, 2 Drummers, 2 Filers, and 100 private Men; the Light Infantry Company of 1 Captain, 3 Lieutenants, 5 Serjeants, 5 Corporals, 2 Drummers, and 100 Private, with the usual Staff Officers. The Regiment to have 1 Colonel Commandant, x Lieutenant Colonel, and 1 Major, each having also a Company.

The Non-commissioned Officers and private Men are to receive Pay from the Days of their respective Attfeftafions.

No more than Three Guineas Bounty Money will be allowed to be given to each Recruit.

None are to be enlisted under Five Feet Four Inches, nor under Eighteen Years, or above Thirty.

It is required, that the Regiment shall be actually raised and approved (after being reviewed by a General Officer) within Four Months from the Date hereof. I have represented to His Majesty, that Conmnllions re not desired for the Officers until the Regiment shall be reviewed and approved.

The Lift of the Gentlemen recommended through the Committee for Commissions has been laid before the King, and honoured with his Royal Approbation; and they may be assured that they shall have Commissions as soon as ever the Regiment is raised and approved.

I am likewise authorized by His Majesty to acquaint you, that the Officers will be entitled to Half Pay in case the Regiment shall be reduced after it has been once established.

I am to add, that it is His Majesty’s Pleasure, that from the Date hereof, and during the Continuance of the Rebellion now fubiifting in North America, every Person who shall enlitt as a Soldier in any of His Majesty’s Marching Regiments of Foot, shall be entitled to his Discharge at the end of Three Yeafs, or at the end of the Rebellion, at the Option of His Majesty.

t

J have the Honour to be,

SIR, Sic.

Worshipful the Mayor of Liverpool. Barrington

COPY of a Letter from the Secretary at War, to Hugh Lord, Esquire,. late Captain in the Royal Irish

Regiment of Foot, dated 14th 1778.

SIR, War-Office, 14 th 1778.

I AM commanded by the King to acquaint you, that His Majesty approves of your Proposal for raising a Company of Foot in Wales j to consist of 2 Lieutenants, 1 Eulign, 5 Serjeants, 5 Corporals*, c. Drummers, and 100 private Men; and to be under your Command as Captain.

I am to inform you, that Levy Money will be iffned to you at the Rate of £. 3 per Man, for 108 Men* and that His Majesty has been pleased to direct that the PaV of the Company shall take place from the Date of your Beating Order, and shall be allowed you in Aid of Recruiting, on Condition that you do render ait exact Account of the said Levy Money, ami Pay, that shall be iffned to you, charging aguinlt it Five Guinea* for each Man reviewed and approved, together with the Subsistence of the Non-comininioned Officers and private Men, from the Days of their respective Attestations; and if there should be any Balance remaining; it is to be considered as a Saving to the Public, to be hereafter dispoied of as shall be thought proper.

18 Geo. III.

2 ?° Jynuarii. 617

No more than Three Guineas will be allowed to be given to each Recruit.

None are to be enlisted under Five Feet Four Inches, nor under Eighteen Years, or above Thirty.

It is required, that the Company shall be actually raised and approved (after being reviewed by a General Officer) within Four Months from the Date hereof.

I have represented to His Majesty, that you humbly hope you shall be indulged in recommending the Officers, being such as are well-aft'e&ed to His Ma1 jesty, and most likely, by their Interest and Connections, to assist in railing the Corps without Delay; but that you do not desire any Commissions for them until the Company shall have been raised and approved.;

You will therefore be pleated to send to me, for His Majesty’s Information, a List of such Persons as you propose for Officers; who, if they meet with His Royal Approbation, may be allured that they shall have Commissions as soon as ever the Company is completed.

To prevent all Possibility of Misunderstanding in a material Point, I mull acquaint you, that none of the Officers who shall be preferred in the New Levies now railing will be allowed to fell their present Commissions.

I ana likewise authorized by His Majesty to acquaint you, that the Officers will be entitled to Half Pay, in case the Company iha.ll be reduced after it has been once established. ' <

I am to add, that it is His Majesty’s Pleasure, ^hat from the Date hereof, and during the Continuance of the Rebellion now fubiiliing in North America, every Person who shall enlilt as a Soldier In any‘Marching Regiment or Company of Foot, shall be entitled to his Discharge at the end of Three Years, or at the

end of the Rebellion, at the Option of F|is Majesty. ' '

I am,

Hugh Lord, Esquire, SIR, Kc.

Late Captain in the Royal Irish Regiment of Foot.: Barrington.

Like Letters to

Captains Rowland Edwards,

Alexander C(/pipbpll,

George Adams,

Thomas Lloyd,

Lord Vifqoupt Fielding,

John Edwards,

Lord Herbert.

Q

COPY of a Letter from the Secretary at War to Lieutenant George Vaughan, on the Half Pay of the

late 75th Regiment of Foot, dated 16th January 1778.

SIR, War-Office, 16th 17^8-

I AM commanded by the King to acquaint you, that his Majesty approves of your Proposal for raising a Company of Foot in Wales s to consist of 2 Lieutenants, 1 Ensign, 5 Serjeants/ 5 Corporals, 2 Drummers, and 100 private Men; and to be under your Command as Captain. 1 '

No Levy Money is to be allowed you; but His Majesty has been pleased to direct that the Pay of the Company shall take place from the Date of your Beating Order, on C<Mcfiti6n Aaf^you do render an exact Account of the said Pay that shall be issued to you, charging ugainst it tile SiibftfteVfcef-'of the Non-commissioned Officers and private Men from the Day of their respective Attestations hnVr 'ifthCffe should be any Balance remaining it is to be conftde/ed as a, Saving to the Public, to be hereafter disposed of as ffiall1.be Tthdught proper. ' ‘ ‘ w*/ ' -

No more than Three Guineas will be allowed to be given to each Recruit.

None are to be enlisted under Five Feet Four Inches, nor under Eighteen Years, or above Thirty.

It is required, that the Company shall be actually raised and approved (after being reviewed by a General Officer) within Four Months from the Date hereof.

I have represented to His Majesty, that you humbly hope you shall be indulged in recommending the Officers, being such as are well-affeXed to His Majesty, and most likely, by their Interest and Connexions, to assist in railing the Corps without Delay; but that you do not desire any Commissions for them until the Company shall have been raised and approved.

You will therefore be pleased to send to me, for His Majesty’s Information, a List of such Persons as you propose for Officers; who, if they meet with His Royal Approbation, may be allured that they shall have Commissions as soon as ever the Company is completed.

To prevent all Possibility of Misunderstanding in a material Point, I mull acquaint you, that none of the Officers who shall be preferred in the New Levies now railing will be allowed to fell their present Commissions.

I am likewise authorized by His Majesty to acquaint you, that the Officers will be entitled to Half Pay in case the Company shall be reduced after it has been once established.

I am to arid, that it is His Majesty’s Pleasure, that from the Date hereof, and during the Continuance of the Rebellion now subsisting in North America, every Person who shall enlist as a Soldier in any Marching Regiment or Company of Foot, shall be entitlecLto his Discharge at the end of Three Years, or at the end of the Rebellion, at the Option of His Majesty.

I am,

Lieut. George Vaughan, SIR, &"c.

On the Half Pay of the late 75tfi Regiment of Foot. Barrington.

Vol. 36. 7 S

6i8

' J. 1778

Colonel - -

Lieut. Colonel Major - - -Captains

Capt. Lieut. > Lieutenants -

Enflgns - -

Chaplain. Adjutant - -Quarter Mailer Surgeon - ►

27* Januarii.

OFFICERS of the Corps of Royal Volunteers:

Charles Mawhood - -

George Gledjtanes - -

Christopher Horsfall -

Roger Aytoun -

John Wilson -

William Clowes - ... -Peter Delhojle - ... -William Billinge - -

Jbbetfon Hamar - -

John Nangreave - -

Robert Tipping -

William Mercer - -

John Tottenham -

Charlton Part' - - - - -George Jefireyfon - -

Thomas Wilson - - - -Jofias Tayler.

George Parr.

Thomas Taylor....

Richard Ward Offley -

William Gordon.

William Reeves -

William Follow - -

Richard Broome -

Joseph Budworth. Edward Ridgeway. John Hill.

John AUen.

John R0U0.

Tho. Barftow Hewan. John Drinkwater. Thomas Raniear.

William Reeves - -John Alien.

Joseph Sutton.

Time of Service

Colonel 29th Aug. 77 -

Major 23d July 73, 58 Foot Captain 15th July 1768, 2^d Foot Late a Lieut, in the 1 ith Dragoons, where he served 5 Years, and fold out in 1771.

Lieut. 9th Feb.76, 23d Foot -

Lieut. 5th Feb. 76, 6th Dr. - - «

Lieut. 7th Aug.75, 2d F.

2 Lieut.. 1 ft Jan. 71, Artillery -

Lieut. 27th OB. 72, 7th F.

Cornet 25th Sept.75, 4th Dr.

Cornet 8th Mar. 76, 10th Dr.

Lieut. 28th Aug.75, 19th F.

Lieut. 12th Dec. 61, late 72d F.

Lieut. 17th Nov. 62, late 107th F.

Lieut. 14th OB. 58, 52d F. -Lieut. 7th Mar. 60, late 94th F. -Lieut. 19th OB.61, late 110F.

Lieut. 4th Aug.62, 15th F.

Ensign 12th July 77, 63d F.

Ensign 14th July 77, 48th F.

Serjeant-Major, ill F. Guards Ensign 29th Mar. 76, 6 2d F.

Ensign 19th June 76, 38th F.

25 Year*.

18

*7

5

5.

0

15

*5

z

z

f‘

18

16 22 zo 16 16

1

1

Serjeant Major, F. Guards.

18 Geo. III.

27* Janua

OFFICERS of Colonel Mackenzie's Battalion of highlanders:

Colonel - -Lieut. Colonel Majors -

Captains - -

Ensigns

Captain Lieut. Lieutenants -

John Mackenzie -

Alex. Duffe - - - - -George Mackenzie -

John Elphinfon -

James Mackenzie -

George Mackenzie -Alexander Gilchiif. - -John Shaun -

Hon. James Lindsay - -

Hugh Lamont -

David Baird - - - -Alex. Giddes Mackenzie -Hon. John Lindsay - -George Hawkjhaw - -John Gordon - -

John Grant -

Ab. Mackenzie - -

JunesMiinro -John Hamilton - -

James Robertson -

---- Gun - -

Jte/m Smith - - - -Alex. Ogilvie - -

Gavin Hamilton *

General in the Stuedish Service Captain 46th F. Major Brevet, 29th 77 Captain, 12th’ Dec.70, 42 Foot -

Captain, 4th Aug. 74, 25th Foot -Lieut. 25th Sept.’59, late 78th F. -Lieut. 2t>th 0(3. 59, late 87th F. -Lieut 4th 061. 60, late 78th F.

Lieut. 15 Jan. 63, 60th F. -Lieut 1 ith Dec. 75, 14th F. -Lieut. 30th Nov.75, 71st F.

Ensign, 14th'2>ec. 72, 2 F. -

2d Lieut. 20th Mar. 76, Marines 2d Lieut. 11 ft Feb.77, Artillery

»d Lieut. 7th Jan. 77, Marines Ensign, stn July 74, 39th F.

Ensign 18th Oct: 77, ift F;

Lieut, in the Dutch Service.

Son of the Laird of Brachmare.

Son of the Laird of Clivejtob.

Son of the Revd Dr Robertson the Historian. of Mac Hamish, Chief of the Guns.

Son of Lt. Cdonel Smith of 2d F. Guardi. Brother to the Agent Ogilvie.

Son to the Professor.

Time of Service.

18 Years.

*7

17 20

18 18

*5

3

z

5

2

1

3

Jt hn Bor/hwick, j

Rtulip Melvill,/connected with Gentlemen of great Interest in railing Men.

Chaplain. Adjutant. Quarter Master. Surgeon.

John Hamilto, )

George Mackenzie. John Sinclair.

Hugh Sibbald.

OFFICERS of Colonel Murray's Corps of Highlanders:

Colonel - James Murray ----- of 3d Foot Guards »

Lt. Colonel.

Majors- - - Hew Dalrymple - - - - Captain, 15th July 1768, ift Foot -

Sir Robert Stuart - - - - Captain 19th Sept. 71, 30th F. Captains - - ----- Robertson ----- Captain in Dutch Service.

?’ames Graham ----- Lieut. 27th Jan. 76, iftF. -Ion. Charles Cathcart - - 2d Lieut. 10th Mar. 77, 23d F.

Lord Wm Murray - - - - Lieut. 27th 061. 77, 42d F.

Captain-Lieut. John Balneaves- - - - - Lieut. 27th May 76, 19th F. Lieutenants.

Time of Service.

20 Years*

14

16

4

2

7

Enflgns.

Chaplain.

Adjutant, - - William Byres ----- Serjeant, 3d F. Guards. Quarter Master, — — Mack ay ----- Serjeant, 3d F. Guards. Surgeon.

Vsi. 36.

6 20

27* Januarii.

A. 1778.

OFFICERS of Colonel Maclean's Regiment:

Colonel

Capt.' Lieut. Lieutenants

Francis Maclean

Lt. Colonel - John Gunning

1 ' M f f

Major ' - James Henry Craig

Captains - The Duke of Hamilton,

— Thomas Pitcairn

— Colebrook

— Andre Dunlap -

— . Charles Boyd

John -

Norman McLeod

— John Arbufhnot

— John Carthrae

— Andrew Rutherford.

— John Hamilton

— ---- Reeves - -

— Donald Moody -

— Evan

Ensigns Patrick McDonald

— -''Agnes Campbell -

— . Robert

— --- Stewart

— George Bennet

— — Graham -

— - ? Witbuoni Duncanfon Angus McPherson

Chaplain. Adjutant. Quarter Matter. Surgeon.

Col. 29 Aug. 1777 -

now in the J rortvguefeService.

Dep. Adj' Gen* in N° B" Capt. 43d F. and , Lieut. Col. 23d Jan. 75 Capt. 14 Mar.71, 47th Foot

Lieut. 13th June j6t 14th F.

,jU^ut. OB.75, 32d F. - - >

Lieut. 30th Aug.76, 71st F.

Lieut. i8tjh Apr. 76, ift F. -Lieut. 28th Oct. 60, late 101st F. -- 1

Ensign 24th July 66, late 78th F.

Enflgn 13th Sept.76, 43d F.

Lieut. 4th 061. 66, 5th F. -

;Ensign zzA Nov^75, 16th F.

Quarter Matter, 6th Dr.

2d Lieut. 2d Mar. 76, Marines -

of, Uvy.,

in the Isle. of Sky. in the Isle of Sky.

1 1 , i ’

Son of Mr. Gtrsham Stewart, Minister in the < Island of Arran.

Son, of Mr. Bennet, Minffierof Polmont,

Son of Mr. Graham of Dougalfton.

Son of Dr, Duncanfon 01 Inver ary. of Invertromy,

Time of Service.

19 Years.

20

14

5

4

4

4

*7

*7

1

16

2 %

621

i8 Geo. III. 27

OFFICERS of Lieut. Colonel Commandant Donnell's Corps.

Lt. Col. Com* John Mac Donnell

Majors - - Aler.Donaldson - -

— John Lord Berne dale

Captains Donald Mac Donald

— John Mac Donald

— - Kenneth Mac Kenzie

— Charles Cameron - -

Cap. Lieut. Lieutenants.

Ensigns - -

Chaplain - -Adjutant - -

Quarter Master Surgeon - -

At. Mont. C

John Grant - - -lVm. Cuninghame - -

Colin Campbell - -Sami Graham Alex. Mac Donald Arch. Mac Donald -

---- Mac Donald

---- Mac Donald -

Donald Mac Donald Arch. Mac Donald Alex Mackenzie - -

J"hn Shaw - - -William Kelj'o - - -Cha. Alex. Macrae -Art. Maclachlan- -

David Barclay - -

---- Maclean -

---- Marlin - -

Evan Mac -

Alexander Mac Kenzie Evan Cameron - -James Mac l.eod - -Robert Sinclair - -

---- Macdonald

Colin Macdonald - -William Wemyfs- -

----- Bruce - -

Peter Maclachlan Malcolm Macpherson -

---- Cameron - -

James Macdonald William Mack ay - -Lieut. Colin Campbell Hamilton Mac lure.

Major in the 71st Foot, Lieut. Col. Br. 29 Aug. 1777 Captain 31st March70, in 42d Foot -Captain, 25th Nov. 75, in 57th Foot -Lieut, ift Feb.57, in the late 77th Foot

Lieut. 5th Nov. 61, in the late 105th Foot Captain in the Dutch Service.

Lieut. Colonel in the Portuguese Service. To produce Certificates of his having served well, and quitted with the Approbation of his Commanders.

Enfigu 1 ft Foot Guards, Ensign 73,in5iftFoot

Lieut. 25th Ocl. 61, in the late 114th Foot Lieut. 28th Aug.77, in the 56th Foot *

Ensign 29th March 74, h> 36th Foot -Ensign 20th Nw. 77, in 31st Foot.

of B'oiJ'dale.

of Sanda. of Sky.

of South Wijt.

of North Wifi, of Dunkamafs. of Suddy. of Airshire,

of Airshire. of Airshire.

of Argyllshire. of Edinburgh. of Drimnin. of Sky. of Oury. of Dundonald.

of Moffat, of Achtriachtaus. of Edinburgh.

(Son to Col. Bruce of the 70th.} of Morven.

(Serj* 3d Foot Guards.)

Time of Service.

20 Years.

20

5

21

16

4

16 4

4

OFFICERS of the Edinburgh Volunteers:

Colonel - -

Lieut. Colonel Mqjors - -

Captains - -

Vol. 36.

Sir William Erjkiue, K' Col. 4th Mar. 77,

Thomas Dundas- - Major 20th Jan. 76, 65 Foot

James Gordon - - - Capt. 21st 0&. 61, late 115 F. Sir James Murray, B' Capt. 30th 71, 57 F. Charles Boyd - - - Lieut. 18th April 76, 1 F. George Cumine - - Lieut 10th May 76, 59 F.

David Kinloch - - Lieut, 5th Dec. 75, 71 F George Lewis McMurdo, Lieut. 28th Sept. 74, iF,

John Murray - - Lieut. 23d May 75, 69 F.

Time of Service.

54 Years.

11

16

lS

4

3

2

6

622

27° Jami

A. 1778.

OFFICERS of the Regiment of Liverpool Blues:

Colonel - -Lt. Colonel -Major - -

Captains - -

Captain Lieut. Lieutenants -

Ensigns - -

Chaplain - -

Adjutant - -Quarter Mailer Surgeon - -

Major-Gen. Thomas Monday Pole - -

Hon. Thomas Stanley - -

Banajtre Tarleton William Greaves Bryan Blundell -Thomas Dunbar Andrew Defpard Richard Cribb -

Richard Bnlkley

George Headlam

Edw. Marcus Defpard

John Bramley - -

Timothy Russell - -

William Gordon - <

— ---- Lane - -

George Fitzroy.

James Smyth.

Christopher Greaves.

George Leigh.

Tho* Owen l^igh.

Douglas Hamilton.

----- Schomberg.

Charles Hill.

Philip Kitchen.

Timothy Russell - -

Edw. Marcus Defpard

Time of

Service.

Lieut. Col. to 36th Foot - - - 25 Years.

10th F. Major Brevet, 29th Aug. 77 30

Capt. 25th Feb. 76, 17th Dr. - 3

Cornet 20th Apr. 75, j it Dr. Gds - - . 2

Lieut. 4th May 61, 65th F. - - - 17

Lieut. 10th Feb. 77, 3 ^tli F. - 2

ilt Lieut, nth Dec. 76, Marines ... 2

Lieut. 26th Dec. 70, 59th F. - - 16

Lieut. 3d Feb.69, 33th F. - - - - 12

Lieut. 2d March 76, 59th F. 5

Ensign, nth Dec. 76, 59th F. - 1

Late a Lieut, in the 36th Foot, served 11 Years, and fold out in 1777.

Late an Ensign in the 30th Foot, where he served Three Years, and fold out in 1772.

Quarter Mailer, ill Dr. Guards.

Ensign in the Dutch Service.

Serjeant Major 36th Foot.

Quarter Mailer, ill Dr. Guards. Late a Lieut, in 36th Foot.

Captains -

Lieutenants

Ensigns -

OFFICERS

of the Cotnpanies to be raised in Wales:

Hugh Lord - - Late a Captain in the 18th Reg* of Foot, served

21 Years, and fold out in 1777.

Alexander Campbell - Lieut. 5th Nov. 77, 55th Foot -

Rowland Edwards - - - Lieut. 5th July 73, 39th Foot *

George Adams . -« - Lieut 7th Oil. 75, 66th Foot -Thomas Lloyd - - - Lieut 22d Nov. 75, 7th Foot -

Viscount Fielding - Lieiit 4th March 77, 7th F.

George IatiI Herbert - - Ensign iothAe/i. 75, 12th F. -

George Vaughan - - - Lieut. 27th 57, 36th F. *

John Edzvards - - - Lieut. 2 2d .03.61, latenothF.

Joshua Roche - - - - Ensign 24th Nov. 75,49th F.

Tho> Cox Morgan - - - Late a Lieut, in the 13th Reg* of Foot, where he

served 14 Years, and fold out in 1776.

Geo. Hanbury Williams - Ensign 26th April 76, 8th F.

Ferd. Han. Williams - - Ensign 12 77, 17th F.

---- Evans - - - - Lieut, in the Carmartheushire Militia.

George Ixicis - - - - Lieut, in the Carmariheujhue Militia.

Hugh Dalrymple - - .

Wm Oicen BrigJlocke - - Cadet at Lodge's Academy.

James Lloyd ----- Cadet at W

Lauford Cole - - - - at Llanjaintfrid.

John Davies ----- of Abergavenny.

» - Gower ----- of St.Clair's.

Time of Service.

2 Years*

9

7

2

2

21

16

2

2

Ordered,

WhirHable

Oyster

Fi&crv-

Highworth

lAclosure.

Tacolncfton la do Cure*

L

18 Geo. III. 270

6 23

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be porufed by the Members of the House.

A Petition of severalof the Free Fiihcfs and Dredgers belonging to the Oyster Fishery within the Manor and Koyaii v of /i1 tillable, in the County of Kent, in Behalf of themlVlves and all other Free Fishers and Dredgers there, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, for Time out of Mind, there hath been an Oyster Fishery w ithin the said Manor and Royalty, limited by well-known Marks and Bounds, wherein all Persons, who have been regularly admitted Freemen of the said Fishery at a Court of Dredging, and none others, have a Right to fish for or catch Oysters, or the Brood thereof; and that the Petitioners whole Dependence for themselves and Families is in the said Fishery; which is greatly annoyed and prejudiced by Strangers and other Persons, fithing and dredging for, and carrying off, the Oysters, by which Meaus the Free Fishermen are deprived of their immediate Property, and the Brood destroyed by fishing in improper Seasons; and that, if the said Fishery was protected from such Practices, the same would be of great Advantage and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the Fall Part of the said County of , especially to the poorer Sort; and the said Fishery hath been a great Nursery for Seairten- for the Royal Navy: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for eficftually securing the said Fishery, by such Means as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. St. John, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Edward Eliot, Esquire, William JJuffey, Esquire, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having Lands, Tythes, Rights of Common, or other IntereAs, in the Parish of High-rcorth, in the County of Wwas presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable J-amis, which might be greatly improved, if the same were inclosed, and divided into specific Allotments; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursunnt to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Goddardand Mr. Penr do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Rill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Miles, Sir Edward Ajlley, and Mr. Coke of Norfolk, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Jiefolved, That an humble Address be presented to Army; Ills Majesty, that He will he graciously pleased to General give Directions, that there be laid before jthis House, ^xpediuoa* Copies of all Instructions, and other Papers, relative pea to the Expedition from Canada, under Lieutenant General Bitrgoyne; and also, a Copy of such "Parts of the Intimations given to General Sir William Howe, as relate to any intended Co-operation with Lieutenant General Jhirgayne.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty’s Molt honourable Privy Council.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, American That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, Copies, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies or Extracts of all Letters which have been received by any of His Majesty’s Ministers from General 'Gage, Lord Howe, General Howe, and General Carleton, from the 1 ft of July 17 75 to the 27th of January 17 78, so far as the same relate to Reinforcements of Ships, Marines, or Land Forces;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j } lot

Tellers for the Noes,f ||.63.

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question proposed. Ditto;

That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, 4hat there-be laid before tli is House, Copies of all Letters, Inllructiops, and Informations, received and communicated on the Subject of the Indian Affairs in North America, between His Majesty’s Ministers and the Governors of any of His Provinces, -Commanders of His Armies, or to or from John Sleuart, Esquire, Superintendent for Indian Affajrs in the Southern Department, Sir John Johnson, or Guy Johnson, Esquire, since the ill of September 1774.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, the Weekly Accounts, with the State and Condition of War° His Majesty’s Ships and Vessels of War employed in in America. North America, according to the last Returns received from t he Commander 4o -Chief on that Station.

A Petition of John Goodman, Esquire, and the Reverend Charles Browne, Clerk, Lords of the Manors called 'J'at olnejhn, otherwise Doverdale and Williams

Manors, in the Parish of Tacolnefione, in the County of Norfolk, and of Knipc Gobbet, Esquire, and several other Persons whose Nanjes are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the JIonic, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Paril’n, certain Commons and Waste Lands, the Property of the Petitioners, which, in their present Sit nation, ace incapable of Improvement; hut that, if the same were divided and inclosed, they might be cultivated and improved, which would he very advantageous to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, T-lntf Heave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons and Waste Hands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the I louse shall think proper.

Vol. 36.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Laws Wednesday the 10th Day of December last, for the relating to House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole wer* House, upon Thursdaynext, upon the Bill to explain

anil amend the Laws now in being, relating to Sewers, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Three

Weeks, the 19th Day of February next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Marin* the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Regulation Forces, of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That itlte Report from the Committee of

the

6 24 270 — 28"

the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Supply of Mariners ami Seamen to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2 8° die Januarii;

Anno 18° Georgii 3'" Regis, 1778.

Prayers.

papers 7V 'HE Lord Ilinchinbrook reported to the House, relating to X That their Address of Yesterday (that His Mattie Army, jesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions that the Papers therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Januarii. A. 1778.

The Lord Harrington presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Lift of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines entitled to receive Half Pav in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1778: Andalfo,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the reduced Officers of His Maidiy’s Laud Forces and Marines, for the Year 1778: And allb,

Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Ilo/pital, for the Year 1778: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance to Widows of Officers who have died on Half Pay, for the Year 1778.

The Lord Barrington also presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

A Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died on the Establishment of Half Pay in Great , and who were married to them before the 25th December 1716; with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year

*778-

And the T itles of the said Lifts and Estimatcs were read.

The said Lifts are preferred aroongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Estimatcs are as follow eth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s

Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1778.

For reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Forces for 365 Days, from 15th December 1777 to 24th December 1778, inclusive For Allowances to Officers of the reduced Horse -For the Annual Allowances to Nine private Gentlemen of the 3d and 4th Troops of Horse Guards, at 10 per Annum each For 29 private Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, at 7 d. per Diem each -

Total - -£

Per Diem. For 365 Days.*

£. s. d. £. s. d.

249 3 — 9°»939 *5 —

— 17 2 3l3 5 10

— 16 11 9° " 308 14 7

- - 9Ij65i *5 5

War-Office, 28th January 1778.

Barrington.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1778.

13,322 Out Pensioners standing at present upon the Books of the

Hospital, at 5 d. per Diem each....

203 Letter Men, at i2rf. per Diem each -31 Serjeants, at 9 d.per Diem each

*3.556

Per Diem. For 365 Days.

277 x0 10 101,302 14 2

10 3 — 3,704 i* —

3 3 424 6 3

288 17 1 I°5>431 *5 5

War*Office, 28th January 1771.

Barrington.

,-A

18 Geo. Ill

28° Januarii.

6 25

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Allowances to Widows of Officers who have died on Half Pay,

for the Year 1778. '

Per Annum.

Allowances to the Widows for the Year 4778

-I-

238 — —

War-Office, 28th January 1778.

Barrington.

Ordered, That the said Lifts and Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Butler, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, Account; An Account of the l.xpence of the Freight of Vic-Vj^tu ailing tuallers hired to carry Provisions to America, and

America the Value of the said Provisions, for the Use of the Troops there; also the Value of all Provisions, Sc. shipped on board Ordnance Store Ships, Ships of War, Sic.for the Use of the said Troops, from ift October 1775 to the 30th September 1777: And also,

Chi Timber. \n Account of the Oak Timber which was remain-

ing in Store, and due on Contracts, at His Majesty’s several Dock Yards, on the 30th September 1770 and the 30th September 1777: And also.

Scanning Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners for exe-Tunber. cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral to the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Navy, dated the 8th March 1771, respecting the Seasoning of Timber, the Season-ing the Frames of Ships, and other Means to be used to prevent the rapid Decay of the Ships of the Royal Navy: And also,

Guard-ships. Extract of so much of a Letter from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral to the Commissioners of His Mu jetty’s Navy, dated 23d Map 1771, as relates to the Ships, appointed to do the Duty of Guardships, being always kept in proper Condition to be feat upon any Service at the ffiorteft Notice.

And the Titles of the said Accounts, Copy, and Extrad, were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts, Copy, and Ext rad, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The find Accounts, Copy, and Extract, are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N.pton A Petition of Sir George Shuck burgh, and Sir loctolurc. philus Biddulph, Baronets, Lords of the Manor of Nap-ton upon the Hill, in the County of and also Proprietors of Lands in the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, of Napfonupon the aforesaid, the Mailer

and Brethren of the Hospital of Hebert Earl o in Warwick, Impropriators of the Great Tythes of Nap!on upon the Hill aforesaid, and also Proprietors of Lands lying in the said Open and Common Fields, the Reverend Thomas Wof Napton upon the aforesaid, Clerk, Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Napton upon the Hill aforesaid, and also Proprietor Vol. 36.

of Lands in the said Open and Common Fields; and also of the Reverend Thomas Williams, of Thomas Webb, Thomas Hall, and others, whose Names are t hereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, of Napton ufwn the Hill aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners lie intermixed, and dispersed in finall Quantities in and over the said Open,

and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, and inconveniently situated with respect to their respective Ilomesteads; and that it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners, if the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, were to be divided and inclosed, and specific Shares theredf allotted to the Petitioners, in proportion to their respective Lands, Grounds, Tythes, Right of Common, and other Property, in and over the said Fields: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a B.lt for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in Napton upon the Hill aforesaid, under and subj <51 to such Rules, Orders, and Directions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that M r. Skipivith and Sir Charles Holte do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Goddard presented to the House, according to Hit>hworth Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Inclosure, and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Highworth, in the county of ; And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.'

Sir Henry Hoghton presented to the House, accord- . Lathom ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the feve- and ral Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manors Skelmerfdal* of Lathom and Sktlmerfdale, in the Parish of Ormskirk, nc 0 ure‘ in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Matter and Scholars of Baliol Huntspill

College, in the University of Oxford, was presented to Rectory* the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are seised of the Perpetual Advowson and Right of

7 U Presentation

L

Briflinnrtoa

Inclciure.

Horsley Bar, &c. Road.

Galley

Corner

Road.

626 28° Januaj4. 1778.

Presentation of and to the Rectory and Parish Church of Ilunlfpill, in the County of SomerJ'et, and the Petitioner, the said Master, is the present ReMor; and that the Petitioners aredelirous, with the Consent and Approbation of the Vititor of the said College, and of the Diocesan of the said Parish Church, to annex a Portion of the said Rectory, and of the Rectory Manor thereto belonging, to the Otlice of Mailer of the said College: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inch Purpose, under l'ueh Regulations and Restrictions as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Page, Sir Roger &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Mofning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persona, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Combe presented to the Ilonfe, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common or Waste Ground, called Brijlin otherwise Common, in the Parish of Br otherwise ton, in the County of SomerJ'et: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Matthew White Ridley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from Long Bar

or Gate, on the Pott Road near the Town of Morpeth, by or through Long Horsley, Weldon Bridge, and

tingham, to the River Brcamijand from thence to Piercy's Cross, in the County of And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejilved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Plnmer reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir Charles Cocks, Baronet, George Bi/ng, and Thomas Broivne, Esquires, the Reverend William Browne, Clerk, Jchnlleavifide, William Strode, Esquire,

John Michie, Esquire, Richard Carter, Esquire, the Reverend William Wilmot, tiic Reverend John llealhfield,

and the Reverend Thomas Matsham, CCharles De

Laet, Esquire, Francis Hammond, Esquire, and pher Corral/, Esquire, Trustees under the Acts of Parliament therein aftermentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report'in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; an l is as followeth;

To prove the Alli gations of the said Petition, the AMs, passed in the Third and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Georg the Second, and in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from adjoining to Enfield Chare, in the Parish of South Mims,

in the County of Middlesex, to Mill, in the County of Hertford, were read: And,

Chaides De Laet, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Trustees borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the said Acts, which has been applied in the Repairs of the Road, and other the Purposes of the said Acts; (hat there is now due upon the Credit of the said Acts nearly (lie Sum of £. 2,600, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Road kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts

is further continued, the Tolls enlarged, and some further Powers given to the Trustees.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of d lire-c Acts, of the Third and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner, adjoining to Enfield Chare, in the Parish of South Mims, in the County of Middlesex, to Lems ford Mill, in the County of Anil

that Mr, Pinmer and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Mr. Charles Dundas presented to the House,'according to Order, a Bill for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of And the fame

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine 1-orces, while on Share, was committed.

Sir Charles Whiticortliaccordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported (o the House; and lie jcad the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, were agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to serve in 11 is Majesty’s Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels, was committed.

Sir Charles Whiticortli accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they hail directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; anil, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for appointing Commissioners to put in execution an AM of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a " Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred anil " Seventy-eight," together with those named in Two former AMs for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee* of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Six Weeks, the nth Day of March next, resolve it fell" into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Knights of the Shires, and other Members of this Ilonfe, do prepare Lilts, fairly written, of Commissioners Names, to be added to those already appointed for executing the said A Or, for the respective Counties, Cities, and Places, for which there have been used to he Commissioners; and that the Christian and Surnames of the said Commissioners be written at length.

A Petition

W:gtOtt5

Roads

and

Bridges.

Marine

Forces.

Mariners

ann

Seamen*

Land-Tar

Comirufl.oucr*

Thames

N*vi&a:ion.

!fk of Ely iiiall Debts.

Papers

respecting the Maintenance ol Forces in America.

18 Geo. III. 28° Jan. 7

A Petition of Sir Robert , Baronet, the

Reverend George Horne, Doctor in Divinity, Vico

Chancellor of the University of Oxford, Thomas Doctor in Divinity, Principal of Mary Hall, in

the same University, Nathan Doctor in Di-

vinity, Matier of Univerjily College in the same Univer-fity, Hairy Whorwood, EdzcardLo

Pye, and Henry James Pye, Esquires, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of divers I^nds and Meadows, lying adjacent to the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and IJis, from the City of London to the Town of

Criddaile, in the County of was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Laws in fotee for carrying on, regulating, improving, and completing, the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Jfs, from the City of London to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of iVilts, and the Provisions thereby made for preventing Ploods upon the said Rivers, are not sufficient for the good and wholel'ome Purposes thereby intended; whereby not only the Navigation of the said Rivers is impeded, but great Injury done to the Petitioners said Lands and Estates, and to the other Lands and Estates lying near, and adjacent to, the said Rivers: And there*fore praying. That Leave may he given to bring in a Bid to amend the said Laws; and to enable the Commissioners, appointed under the said Laws, more effectually to prevent Floods upon the said Rivers.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of aCommittee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

Hartley, ike.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Tradesmen, in the Isle of Ely, was presented to n.e House, and read; Setting forth, That several exU t.-'ive Branches of Trade and Business are carried on in the said Hie, ami that many ill-disposed Persons within the said Ille, do contract small Debts, and, although able, refuse to pay the same, presuming on tlieDifrourage inent which Creditors lie under from proceeding for the* Recovery of such Debts by the present form.-, of 1 a , on account of the great Expences and Delays which attend the fame; and that an eal’y and speedy Method of recovering small Debts, within the said lile, will greatly tend to promote Indulirv, and l’upport and encourage useful Credit therein:, And therefore praying, That L‘»uve may be given to bring in a Bill for th< more eal’y and speedy Recovery of small Debts in ti.e Isle of Ely, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall feein meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of aCommittee: And that they do examine the M tie.; ili' ac.ii r. port the fame, as it

shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N# i. Copy of Contract with Messrs. Fonnereau and Burrell, for victualling 3,000 Persons at Gibraltar, 13111 September 1763; And also,

N° 2. Ditto, with Eduard Esquire. for

victualling the Forces 111 West 1 I it May 1766:

And also,

N° 3. Ditto, with Messrs. Nesbitt and Co. for deli-

Vol. 36.

vering Provisions for the L'le of the Forces «in North America, 14th July 1766': And also,

N° 4. Ditto, with Samuel Smith, Esquire, for victualling the Troops, and remitting Money for the Pay of the Forces, in the Garrison of Senegambia, tember 1767: And also,

N° 5. Ditto, with Anthony Bacon and Lewis for fnrnifliing Negroes in the Island of Grenada, &e. iff October 1767: And also,

N° 6. Ditto, with John , Esquire, for vic-

tualling the Forces in the Island of Grenada, 16th October 1767: And also,

N° 7. Ditto, with Richard Vernon Sadleir, for victualling 500 Men in Nova Scotia, 10th December 1767: And also,

N° 8. Ditto, with Edward Lewis, for remitting Money to Wef Florida, 10th December 1767: And also,

N° 9. Ditto, with Mr. Robert Jones, for victualling the Forces in Nova Scotia, 7th September 1770: And also,

N° 10. Ditto, with Messrs. Harley and Drummond, for furnishing Money for the Army in America, 20th December 1770: And also,

N° 11. Ditto, with John Blackburn, for manning tha Forces on the Lakes, in North A 8 th June 17731

And also,

N° 12. Ditto, with John Durand, Esquire, for remitting Money for the Pay of the Garrison of the Ceded Islands, ill February 1774: Arid also,

N° 13. Ditto, with John S Esquire, for victualling the Forces in Nova Scotia and Newfoundland,

3 iff March 1774: And also,

N° 14. Ditto, with John and John Black-

bunt, Esquires, for vi6lualling the Forces in West Florida, 1 oth February 1773; And also,

N° 15. Ditto, with Kendar Mason and Arthur Jones, Esquires, for remitting Money for the Pay of the Troops in East Florida, 27th January 1776; And also,

N° 16. Ditto, with Kendar Mason and Arthur Jones, Esquires, for victualling the Forces in East Florida, 27th January 1776: And also,

N° 17. Ditto, with William James, Abel Smith, William Baynes, and Richard At Li)fan, for delivering P10-visions for the Use of the Forces in North America, 2d April 1776; And also,

N° 18. Ditto, with Arnold Nesbitt, Adam Drummond, and Moses Franks, Esquires, for delivering Provisions for the use of the Forces in North America, 2d April 1776: And also,

N° 19. Ditto, with John H Edward Wheeler, William Devaynes, and George Esquires, for

delivering Provisions for the Use of the Forces in North America, 2d April 1776; And also,

N° 20. Ditto, with John Amyand, Esquire, for delivering Provisions for the Use of the Forces in North America, 2d April 1776: And also,

N° 21. Ditto, with Anthony Bacon, Esquire, for delivering Provisions for the Use of the Forces in North America, 2d April 1776: And also,

N® 22. Ditto, with John Durand, Esquire, for delivering Provisions for the LTfe of the Forces in North America, 2d April 1776; And also,

N° 23. Ditto, with Robert Moyne, Esquire, for delivering Provisions for the Use of the Forces in North America, 2d April 1776: And also,

N® 24. Ditto, with John Blackburn, Esquire, for furnishing Rum for the Use of the Forces in North America, 2d May 1776: And also,

N° 25. Ditto, wdth Thomas Burfoot, Esquire, for furnishing Rum for the Use of the Forces in North America, 2d May 1776: And also,

N° 26. Ditto, with Richard Esquire, for

furnishing Rum for the Use of the Fortes in North America, 2d May 1776: And also,

N° 27. Ditto, with Sir James Cockburn, Baronet,

for

L

6^8 28° Januarii. 1778.

rar<r» for furnishing Rum for the Use of the Forces in North rel, M-,nl America,2d May 1776: And also,

nanc-'o'f N® 28. Ditto, with J French, Esquire, for Forces furnishing Rum for the Use of the Forces in North m America. America,2d May 1776: And also,

N® 29. Ditto, with John el al. Esquires,

for delivering Provisions for the Use of the Forces in North America, 3d Febru 1777: And also, N* 30. Ditto, w’ith James, ct al. Esquires,

for delivering Provisions for the Use of the Forces in North America, 3d February 1777: And also,

N* 31. Ditto, with Arnold Nejhitt, et al. for delivering Provisions for the Use of the Forces in North America, 3*1 February 1777: And also,

N" 32. Ditto, with John Durand, Esquire, for delivering Provisions for the Use of the Forces in North America, 3d February 1777: And also,

N* 33. Ditto, with John Amyand, Esquire, for delivering Proiifions for the Use of the Forces in North America, 3d February 1777: And also,

N* 34. Ditto, with Robert Mayne, I squire, for delivering Provisions for the Use of the Forces in North America, 3d February 1777'- And also,

N° 35. Ditto, with Anthony Bacon, Esquire, for delivering Provisions for the Use of the Forces in North America, 3d February 1777: And also.

Copies of References on C011 tracts, made by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, between the 1 fi'of January 1774 and the ill of December 1777; viz.

N° 1. Reference on Certificate of Arnold Nesbitt, Adam Drummond, and Moses Franks, Esquires, for Provisions delivered for the Use of the Forces in North America, January 87th 1776: And also,

N° 2. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, March 15th 1776: And all’o,

N° 3. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, March 28th 177b: And also,

N° 4. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, April 2d 1776: And also,

N° 5. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, April 12th 1776: And also,

N° 6. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, April 18th 1776: And also,

N° 7. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, April 24th 1776: And also,

N° 8. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, May 18th N 1776: And also,

N° 9. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, June 12th 1776: And also,

N° 10. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 5th

1776: And also,

N° 11. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, August 30th 1776: And also,

N° 12. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, September 25th 177b: And also,

N° 13. Reference on Certificate of Anthony Bacon, Esquire, for Provisions delivered for the Use of the Forces in North America, May 10th 1776: And also,

N° 14. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, nth 1776: And all’o,

X® 15. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, June 15th 177€>: And also,

N° 16. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, June 15th 1776: And also,

N° 17. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, August 16th 1776: And also,

N° 18. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, October 10th 1776: And also,

N° 19. Reference on Certificate of John Amyand, Esquire, for Provisions delivered for the Use of the Forces in North America, April 19th 1776: And also,

N® 20. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, June 14th 1776: And also,

N® 21. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 9th 1776: And also,

16

X. 22. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, August 12th 177b: And also,

X® 23. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 1 bth

177b: And also,

X® 24. Reference on Certificate of Robert Mayne, Esquire, for Provisions delivered for the Use of the Forces in North America, May 30th 1776: And also,

X® 25. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, June 22d 177b: And also,

X" 26. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, July 6th 1776: And also,

N° 27. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, bth 177b: And also,

X® 28. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, July 10th 1776: And also,

N® 29. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, July 15th 1776: And also,

N® 30. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 20th 1776: And also,

X® 31. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, August 2d 1776: And also,

N° 32. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, August 15th 1776: And also,

X® 33. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, August 16th 1776: And also,

N® 34. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, August 24th 1776: And also,

N° 35. Reference on Certificate of William James, Abel Smith, William Baynes, and Richard for

delivering Provisions for the Use of the Forces in North America, May bth 1776: And also,

N® 36. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 15th 1776: And also,

X® 37. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 23th 1776: And also,

X® 38. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 17th

1776: And also,

N® 39. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, September 3d 177b: And also,

N® 40. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, September bth 1776: And also,

N® 41. Reference on Certificate of John Esquire, for delivering Provisions for the Use of the Forces in North America, May 10th 1776: And also, N® 42. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, June 15th 1776: And also,

N® 43. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, June 15th 1776: And also,

N® 44. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, June 25th 1776: And also,

N® 45. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, August 16th 1776: And also,

N® 46. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, October 10th 1776: And also,

N° 47. Reference on Certificate of Messrs. Henniker, Wombwell, Devaynes, and Wheeler, for delivering Provisions for the Use of the Forces in North America, April 19th 1776: And also,

N® 48. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, April 25th 1776: And also,

X® 49. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, May 29th 1776: And also,

N®5o. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, June 18th 1776: And also,

N® 51. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 9th 1776: And also,

N° 52. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, August 5th 1776: And also,

X® 53. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, August 23d 1776: And also,

N° 54. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, September 25th 1776: And also,

N° 55. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, October 16th 1776: And also,

N* 56. Letter, with Certificate of Mefli s. Stephevfon

and

<0

18 Geo. III.

a8* Januarii.

619

and Blackburn, for victualling Forces in West

June 6th 1776: Ami also,

X. 57. letter with Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, June 13th 1776: And also,

N* 58. Letter with Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, July 17th 1776: And also,

X. 59. Letter with Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, July 24th 1776: And also,

N*6o. letter with Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 24th

1776: And also,

X. 61. Letter, with Certificate of John Slephenfon, Esquire, for victualling Forces in Nova Scotia, March 29th 1776: And also,

N" 62. Letter with Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, July 3d 1776: And also,

N* 63. Letter with Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, December 19th 1776: And also,

X. 64. Letter with Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, December 31st 1776: And also.

N* 88. Letter with Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, March nth 1777: And also, J "frj*?

N* 89. Letter with Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, h of Forces in

1777: And also, America.

N* 90. Letter with Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, May 28th 1777: And also,

N# 91. Letter with Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, June ill 1777: And also,

N* 92. Letter with Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, July 2$th 1777: And also,

X*93. Letter with Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, July 31st 1777: And also,

X. 94. Letter with Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, July 31st

1777: And also, N* 95. Letter 1777: And also, N* 06.

95. Letter with Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 6th

: And also,

96. Letter with Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, August 28th

17^7: And also.

X. 65. Letter with Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, December 14th 1777: And also.

97. Letter with Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, November

31st 1776: And also.

N* 98. Letter, with Certificate of Messrs. Cuming

X. 66. Letter, with Certificate of Messrs. Cuming and Mason, for victualling the Forces in Eafi Florida, and Mason, for victualling the Forces in Eafi Florida, February 28th 1777: And also,

March 7th 1776: And also, N°99. Letter with Ditto, by Mason and Jones, Ditto,

X. 67. Letter, on a Demand of Kendar Mason, January 16th 1777: And also,

Esquire, for Dollars issued for the Use of the Forces in N* 100, Letter, with Certificate, of Messrs. Mason Eafi Florida, May 10th 1776: And also, and Jones, for victualling the Forces in Eafi Florida,

X. 68. Letter, with Certificate of Sir James Cock- February 28th 1777: And also, bum, for Rum delivered for the LTfe of the Forces in K* 101. Letter with Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 17th

Canada, December 12th 1776: And also, 1777: And also,

N# 69. With Ditto, of Sir James Cockburn, for Rum N* 102. Letter with Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, June 3d

delivered for the Use of the Forces in North America, 1777: And also,

January 7th 1777: Ami also, N* 103. Letter, with Report, on Fresh Beef, Ditto,

X. 70. With Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, September 15th Ditto, 6th 1777: And also,

1777: And also, N* 104. Certificate for victualling Out Polls of St.

X*71. Letter with Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, January 2d Augustine, Ditto, August 24th 1777: And also,

1777: And alf , -a N* 105. Letter, with Certificate, of Messrs. Mason

N° 72. Letter with Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, Jcmuary 2d and Jones, for victualling the Forces in Eafi Florida, 1777: And also, November 25th 1777: And also,

X° 73. letter with Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, January 2d N* 106. Letter, with Certificate, of Messrs.

1777: And also, son and for victualling the Forces in Wefi

X*7|. letter with Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, February 2d Florida, 28th 1777: And also,

1777: And also, N* 107. Letter with Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, May 14th

X. 75. Letter with Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, May 30th, 1777: And also,

1777: And also, N* 108. Letter, with Report, on Frefli Beef, Dittos

N* 76. Letter with Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, August 15th Ditto, August 6th 1777: And also,

1777: And also, N* 109. Letter, with Certificate, of Ditto, for vie*

X. 77. Letter, with Certificate of Thomas Burfoot, tualling Forces in Ditto, May 29th 1777: And also, Esquire, for delivering Rum for the Use of the Forces N° 110. Reference on Certificate of Anthony Bacon, in North America, December 26th 1776: And also, Esquire, for Provisions delivered for the Use of the X. 78. Letter, with Certificate of Mr. Bogle French, Forces in North America, March 3d 1777: And also, for Rum delivered for the Use of the Forces in North N* 111. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, April 9th America, January4th 1777: And also, 1777: And also,

X. 79. Letter with Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, January 8th N* 112. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, April 28th 1777: And also, ' 1777: And also,

~ N* 113. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, July 4th

: And also,

N* 80. Letter with Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, June 3d 1777: And also,

X. 81. Letter with Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, September 6th

1777: And also,

N* 82. Letter, with Certificate of Mr. Atkinson, for Rum delivered for the Use of the Forces in North America, March 16th 1777: And also,

X. 83. Letter with Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, April 2d 177^: And also.

1777: Am

N* 114. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, July 23d 1777: And alf<v N* 115. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, July 24th

1777: And also, N* xi6.

N* 84. Letter from Mr. Bobinfon to Messrs. Richard 1777: And also, Oliver, Beefion Ijong, and Richard Neave, referring Mr. N* 117.

Reference on Certificate of Messrs. James, Smith, Baynes, and Atkinson, for Provisions delivered for the Use of the Forces in North America, March 4th

Atkinson's Rum Contract, June 6th 1777: And also,

N* 85. Letter, with Certificate of Mr. Atkinson, for Rum delivered for the Use of the Forces in North America, July 16th 1777: And also,

X. 86. Letter, with Certificate of John Stevenfen, Esquire, for victualling the Forces in Nova Scotia, February 26th 1777: And also,

N* 87. Letter with Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, March 6th 1777: And also,

> OL. 36*

Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, March 1 oth 1777: And also,

N* n 8. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, April 15th: And also,

Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, June 18th

17W\*

1777: And also,

N* 120. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, September 29th 1777: And also,

N° 121. Reference on Certificate of Messrs. Nesbitt, Drummond, and Franks, for Provisions delivered for the

7 X U%

6^0 a8* Januarii. . 1778,

Use of the Forces in North America, February 5th 1IT] And also,

X® 122. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, April 8th 1777: And also,

V 123. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, May 7th 177^: And also,

N# 124. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, June 19th 1777: And also,

N® 12^. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, August 6th 1777: And also,

N® 126. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto,

31st 1777: And also,

N® 127. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, November 17th 1777: And also,

X® 128. Reference on Certificate of John Amyand, Kfijuire, for Provisions delivered for the Use of the Forces in North America, 26th 1777: And

also,

X® 12-9. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 8th 1777: And also,

X® 130. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, May 7th 1777: And also,

V 131. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 19th 1777: And also,

X® 132. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, October 31st 1777: And also,

X° 133. Reference on Certificate of Mefirs.

TJ bmbioell, Devayncs, and for Provisions delivered for the Use of the Forces in North America, February 26th 1777: And also,

X® 134. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, March 1777; And also,

X® 135. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, April 8th 1777: And also,

X® 136. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, May 7th 1777: And also,

X® 137. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, June 19th 1777: And also,

X. 138. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, August 6th 1777: And also,

X® 139. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto,

3Jfi 1777: And also,

X. 140. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, November 24th 1777: And also,

X® 141. Reference on Certificate of Robert Moyne, Ffqtiire, for Provisions delivered for the Use of the Forces in North America, February 10th 1777: And also,

' X® 142. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, April 7th 1777: And also,

X® 143. Refe'rence on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, April 21st 1777: And also,

X. 14 4. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, June 24th 1777: And also,

- X° 1 j'. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, June 2 7th 1777: And also,

X® 146. Reference on Certificate of John Durand, Esquire, for Provisions delivered for the .’Use of the Forces in North America, January zift 1777: And also,

X® i47. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, March 3d >777: And also,

X. 148. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, April 9th 17 77: And also,

X® 149. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, April 28th 1777: And also,

N* 150. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, July 4th 1777 ' And also,

X" 131. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 28th J 777: And also, 7

N® 152. Reference on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, August 13th 1777: And also,

X® 153. Reference to Comptrollers Army Accounts, relative to their Reports on Certificates of Provisions delivered for the Use of the Forces in North America, 9th 1777: And also;'

X® 154. Reference to Comptrollers Army Accounts, on the Kevifal of their Reports on Certificates of Provisions delivered for the Use of the Forces in Nor iff America, Juh/ 3d 1777: And also.

Copies of Reports on Contrails made by the Lords of the Treasury for the Service of His Majest v’s Army in North America and tin* West Indies, from the ill of January 17 74 to the id of December 1777;

X® 1 . Report on Reference of Two Certificates of Sir James Cockburn, for Rum delivered for the Use of the Forces in North America, December 14th 1776: And also,

N° 2. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Dit, to, March 3d 1777: And also,

X® 3. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, November 12th 1777: And also,

X® 4. Report on Reference of Richard Esquire, Certificate for Rum delivered for the Use of the Forces in North America, March 13th 1777: And also, 1

X® 5. Report of MelTrs. Long, , Glover, and

Crichton, on the Reference of Mr. Atkiijbn's Rum Contract, July 16th 1777: And also,

X® 6. Further Report on Ditto, 21st 1777:

And also,

NT° 7. Report on Reference of Richard Atkinson's, Esquire, Certificate for Rum delivered for the Use of the Forces in North America, August 27th 1777: And

also,

N®8. Report on Reference of Certificate of Me. James Bogle French, for Rum delivered for the Use of the Forces in North America, January 13th 1777; And also,

N° 9. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, October zzd 1777: And also,

N° 10. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 22d

1777: And also,

X® 11. Deposition of D. Cornell, relative to Rum fiiipped at Barbadoes by T. Bio foot, Esquire: And also, X® 12. Report on Reference of Cert ificate of Thomas Burfoot, Esquire, for Rum delivered for the Use of the Forces in North America, March 3d 1777: And also, X® 13. Report on Reference of Certificate of John Blackburn, Esquire, for Rum delivered for the Use of the Forces in North America, January 13th 1777; And also,

X® 14. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, November 10th 1777: And also,

X® 15. Report on Reference of Certificate of J. -phenfon and J. Blackburn, Esquires, for Provisions delivered at Penjacola, Januanj 3d 1776: And also,

N° 16. Report on Ditto of Lifts and Certificate for Ditto in Newfoundland, January 9th 1776: And also, X® 17. Report on Ditto of One Certificate for Ditto in West Florida, February 3d 1776: And also,

N° 18. Report on Ditto of , One Cert ificate for Ditto in Penfbcola, June 15th 1776: And also,

X® 19. Report on Ditto of Ditto Ditto, June 25th 1776: And also,

N® 20. Report on Ditto of Ditto for Ditto in West Florida, July 30th 1776: And also,

N® 21. Report on Reference of 2 Lifts for victualling Forces in Placentia by J. Stephenson, Esquire, February 3d 1776: And also,

N® 22. Report on Reference of Certificates for Ditto in Newfoundland, by Ditto, February 3d 1776; And also,

N° 23. Report on Reference of 13 Ditto for Ditto in Nova Scotia, &c. by Ditto, April 4th 1776: And also,

N® 24. Report on Reference of 2 Lifts and Certificate for Ditto in Ditto, by Ditto, July 30th 1776: And also,

N° 25. Report on Ditto of Certificate for Ditto at Halifax, l>y Ditto, December 23d 1776: And also,

N® 26. Report on Reference of Certificate for victualling

18 Geo. III.

28° JaMuarii.

631

tualling the Forces fn East Florid*, by tCendhr Ma- N*5q. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, September 16th

son and Arthur Janes, Esquires, April ift 1776: And 1776: And also, iSSee

also, N® 60. Report on Reference of Certificate for Pro- of Forces

N° 27. Report on Ditto for victualling Garrison of visions delivered for the Use of the Forces in North America. St. Augustine, by Ditto, April 2ift 1776: And also, America, by A. Bacon, Esquire, Jape 25th 1776:

N® 28. Report on Ditto of Ditto for victualling And also.

Forces in Eafi Florida, by Ditto, October 8th 1776: N® 61. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, June 25 th

And also, 1776: And also,

N® 29. Report ©n Reference of Certificate for Pro- N*62. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 1776;

visions delivered for the Use of the Forces in North And also,

America, by Messrs. Henniker, Wombtoell, Devayns, N® 63. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 8th 1776:

And also,

N® 64. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, September 3d 1776: And also,

N® 65. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, November 18th 1776: And also,

N* 66. Report on Reference of a Certificate for Provisions delivered for the Use of the Forces in North

and Wheeler, May 14th 1776: And also,

N® 3a Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, May 14th 1776: And also,

N* 31. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, Juke 25th 1776: And also,

N# 32. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, July 8th 1776: And also.

N* 33. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, July 26th America, by Messrs. Nesbitt, Drummond, and Franks,

1776: And also,

K* 34. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, August 23d 1776^ And also,

N* 34. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, October 8th 1776: And also,

N® 36. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 8th

1776: And also,

N® 37. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, November 18th 1776: And also,

, N* 38. Report on ReJerenoe of a Certificate for

Provisions delivered for the Use of the Forces in North 1776: And also.

April udi 1776: And also,

N® 67. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 22d 1776: And also,

N® 68. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, April 1776: And also,

N® 69. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, May 14th 1776: And also,

N® 70. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, May 14th 1776: And also,

N* 71. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, May 14th

N® 72. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, May 14th 1776: And also,

N® 73. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, June 1.5th 1776: And also,

N® 74. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, July 8th 1776: And also,

N® 75. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 23d

1776: And also,

N® 76. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, September 16th

1776: And also,

77. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 23d

1776: And also,

N® 78. Report on Reference of Certificate for Pro-

Amtrica, by J. Durand, Esquire, June 15th 1776:

And also,

N® 39. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, July 8th 1776; And also,

N® 40. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, July 8th 1776: And also,

N® 41. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, July 26th 1776: And also,

N® 42. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, September 3d 1776: And also,

N® 43. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, November 18th 1776: And also,

N° 44. Report on Reference of Certificate for Provisions delivered for the Use of the Forces in North visions delivered for the Use of the Forces in North America, by Messrs. James, Smith, Baynes, and Atkin- America, by I. A my and, Esquire, May 14th 1776: Jon, May 27th 1776: And also, And also,

N® 45. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, July 26th N® 79. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, July 18th 1776: And also, 1776: And also,

N® 46. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, August 7th N° 80. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, July 26th 1776: And also, 1776: And also,

N® 47. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, September 16th N* 81. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, September 3d 1776: Aud also, 1776: And also,

N® 48. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, September 16th N® 82. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, November 3d

1776: And also, 1776: And also,

N'49. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, November 18th N® 83. Report on Reference of all the Con t rafts for

1776: And also, Provisions delivered for the Use of the Forces in North

N® 50. Report on Reference of Certificate for'Pro- America, in 1776, November 29th 1777: And also, visions delivered for the Use of the Forces ift North N® 84. Anthony Bacon's, Esquire, General Account, America, by Robert Mayne, Esquire, June 25 th 1776: on Ditto: And also,

And also, N* 85. John Durand's, Esquire, Ditto, Ditto: And

Is® 51. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, July 8th also,

1776: And also, N® 86. Messrs. James Co.’s Ditto, Ditto: And

V 52. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, July 26th also,

1776: And also, N®87. Esquire, Ditto, Ditto: And also,

N® 53. Report on Ditto,-Ditto, Ditto, July 26th N* 88. Messrs. Henniker and Co.’s Ditto, Ditto: And 1776: And also, also.

N# 54. Report on Ditto, Ditto* Ditto,* July 26th 1776: And also,

N® 55. Report on Ditto, Ditto* Ditto, July 30th 1776: And also,

N® 56. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, August 23d 1776: And also,

N® 89. John Amyand, Esquire, Ditto, Ditto: And also,

N® 90. Messrs. Nesbitt and Co. V Ditto, Ditto: Aud also,

*N® 92. Report on Reference of Messrs. Stephenson and Co. s Certificate, for Persons victualled at Pensa-

N® 57. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, September 3d cola, June 24th 1777: And also,

1776: And also, N’-gq. Report on Ditto of Ditto, 6 Ditto, for Per-

is® 58. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, September 3d fens.victualled, and fresh Beef issued, at 1776: And also, - 24th 1777: And also,

No Paper, marked N* 91, wa* mentioned in the Schedule, or presented.

V01. 36. No. 94.

Paper*

T*spe‘"hn^ the Maintenance of Force* in America*

632

2 8° Januarii.

A \ 1778,

N° 94. Report on Reference of Proposals of Messrs. Stephenson and Co. for victualling Florida; and Messrs. Mason and Jones, for Florida, August 28th 1777: And also,

X. 95. Repose on Reference of Certificate of Persons victualled® in Pensacola, and on Certificate of da-

maged Provisions at Mobile, by Messrs. Stephenson and Blackburn, October 30th 1777: And also,

N° 96. Report on Reference of Certificate of Per* Tons victualled at Halifax, by J. Stephenson, Esquire, January gt.h 1777: And also,

X. 97. Report on Ditto at by Ditto,

February 10th 1777: And also,

X" 98. Report on Ditto in Scotia, by Ditto, February 26th 1777: And also,

N® 99. Report on Ditto, Ditto, by Ditto, March t ith 1777: And also,

X. 100. Report on Ditto in Newfoundland, by Ditto, March 20th 1777: And also,

X® 101. Report on Ditto in Nova Scotia, by Ditto, May20th 1777: And also,

X® ioa. Report on Ditto at Halifax, by Ditto, June 4th 1777: And also,

X® X03. Report on Ditto, Ditto, by Ditto, July 28th 1777: And also,

X® 104. Report on Ditto at Newfoundland, by Ditto, August. 7th 1777: And also,

N® 105. Report on Ditto of 2 Certificates of Provisions shipped at Half ax, by Ditto, August 22d 1777: And also,

X. 106. Report on Ditto of a List of Persons victualled at Ditto, by Ditto, September 2d 1777: And also,

X® 107. Report on Ditto of 2 Ditto, Ditto, by Ditto, November 10th 1777: And also,

X® 108. Report on Ditto of 1 Ditto, Ditto, by Ditto, November21st 1777: And also,

X® 109. Report on Reference of Certificates of Provisions, issued at St. Augvstine, in East Florida, by Mcfirs. Mason and Jones, January 2 2d 1777: And also,

N® 1 10. Report on Ditto of Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, March 3d 1777: And also,

X® hi. Report on Ditto of Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, March 8th 1777: And also,

X® 112. Letter from Mr. W. Alexander to Messrs. Mason and Jones, April 20th 1777: And also,

X® 113. Report on Reference of Certificate of Provisions issued at St. Augustine, by Ditto, June 24th 1777: And also,

X®ii4. Report on Reference of Certificate of Provisions delivered for the Use of the Forces in North America, by J. Durand, Esquire, February 10th 1777: And also,

X° 115. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, June 17th 1777: And also,

N® 116. Report on Ditto, 3 Ditto, Ditto, September 2d 1777: And also,

X® 117. Report on Reference of Certificate of Provisions delivered for the Use of the Forces in North America, by Messrs. James and Co. March 24th 1777: And also,

N* 'n8. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, April 10th 1777: And also,

X® 119. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, April 29th 1777: And also,

X® 120. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, May 26th 1777: And also,

N® 121. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, July 29th 1777: And also,

N® 122. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, November ioth 1777: And also,

N® 123. Report on Reference of Certificate for Provisions delivered for the Use of the Forces in North America, by Messrs. Henniker, Devaynes,

and Mills, April 12th 1777: And also.

N* 124. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 12th 1777: And also,

N® 125. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, April 24th 1777: And also,

N® 126. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, July 22d 1707: And also,

N® 127. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, August 15th 1777: And also,

N* 128. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, November 15th 1777: And also,

N® 129. Report on Reference of Certificate of Provisions delivered for the Use of the Forces in North America, by A. Bacon, Esquire, April ioth 1777: And also,

N* 130. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, June 17th 1777: And also,

N® 131. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, July 6th

1777: And also, N® 132.

32. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, July 22d 1777: And also,

N® 133. Report on Reference of Certificate for Provisions delivered for the Use of the Forces in North America, by Messrs. Nesbitt, et al. April ioth 1777: And also,

N® 134. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, April 29th

17^: And also,

35. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, July 22d

1777: And also, N* 1 <

: 36. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, August 6th 1777: And also,

N® 137. Report on Letter from the Lords of the Treasury, on Provisions shipped at Quebec, Ditto, August 2ift 1777: And also,

X® 138. Report on Reference of Certificate for Provisions delivered for the , Use of the Forces in North America, by Messrs. Nesbitt and Co. November 21ft

1777: And also,

N® ioq.

39. Report on Reference, with Certificate of Provisions delivered for the Use of the Forces in North America, by Robert Mayne, Esquire, April 10th 1777:

And also,

N® 140. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, April 18th 1777: And also,

N® 141. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, July 226. 1777; And also,

N® 142. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, July 26th.

1777: And also, . IS® 143

143. Report on Reference of Certificate for Provisions delivered for the Use of the Forces in North America, by J. Amyand, Esquire, April ioth 1777: And also,

N® 144. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 24th 1777: And also,

N® 145. Report on Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, July 226. 1777: And also,

N* 146. Report on a Minute of the Treasury, May 9th 1777, relative to the Contracts for delivering Provisions for the Use of the Forces in North America, for 1777, June 3d 1777: And also,

' N® 147. Report on Ditto, 17th June 1777, relative to the Corke Contract: And also.

Account of Monies advanced or allowed upon any Contracts since the ift of January 1774: And also,

An Account of Monies advanced or allowed upon Goods furnished by Commission for the Army in North America, and the West Indies, from the ill of January 1774: And also.

An Account of the Number of Persons employed in the Commissariate in North America, and the' West Indies, under the Appointment, or with the Knowledge, of the Board of Treasury, with their respective Pay and Appointments, for the Years 1774, 1775, 1776, 1777, and 1778: And also.

Copies of Letters and Accounts received from the Generals Gage and Haldimand, from the 5th of

x774

18 Geo. III.

1774 to tlir* 20th of Avgufi 1776, with Copies of -Letters from t he Secretaries of the Treasury to 'Generals Gage and Haldimand.

Together with Schedules of the said Papers.

And the said Schedules were read.

Ordered, That, the said Papers and Accounts 3t> lie upon t he Tahiti, to he perused by the Members »f the Monfe.

Tiid said Papeirs and Accounts art preferred amoi^gft the other Papers of this Session.

653

Sir Grey Cooper also prtefented to Vhe House, by His Majesty’s Command,

An Account, shewing the extraordinary Expences Account; of calling in, and re-coiniing, the deficient Gold Coin G.oW of this Kingdom, in pursuance of His Majesty’s feve- oina®e* ral Proclamations for thdt Purpose.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth j viz.

28° Jatfumi.

Vol. 36.

An

t

os

VJs)

An ACCOUNT, shewing the extraordinary Expences of calling in, and re-coining, the deficient Gold Coin of this Kingdom, in pursuance of His Majesty’s fereril

Proclamations for that Purpose.

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to reimburse Money advanced by them, for melting, fluxing, and assaying, the

deficient Gold Coin, amounting

On the first Proclamation to ---- £.3,806,435 7 2

On the Second — to------ - 4,876,171 18 3

On the Third — tu - -- 6,880,986 53 £

---- 15>5^3>593 *0 8

C

16,786

14 6

o

(Q

1 — h

n'

CD

Q_

CT

O

o

eg

FT

To the said Governor and Company, to latis/y the Deficiency of the said Gold Coin in melting - - - 3x7,314 6 11

To the said Governor and Company, for Interest of the Monies advanced by them to the Holders of the said Gold Coin - - 231,982 17 7

To the Master of the Mint for the Charge of re-coining the said deficient Gold Coin, and other Charges and Expences relating tjiereto -To MilioardRowe, Esquire, to be by him paid over to several Persons w ho were appointed to take in, and exchange, the said deficient Gold Coin, in the several Counties of Great Britain, and for other Charges and Expences attending the same -

Towards satisfying which there have been applied the following Sums,

Out of the Public Supplies A° 1774 - -- - £.250,000 — —

Out of D* — A" 1775 ----.....69,671 8 3

‘Out of D° — A° 1776 ------ - 92,421 14 1

Out of One Milllion granted to His Majesty by Vote of Credit, A° 1776 - ---- 30,000-

Out of D® - - A° 1777- ---- 206,699 8 3I

Deficiency to be prov ided for, being the Sum remaining due to the Bank for Interest of the Money advanced by them. - ----£.

£ .

566,083 19 —

1I5»459 12 9

72,47 & 8 —

754,0x9 19 9

648,792 11 <5

105,227 8 j

O

2-

’ a8° Januarii. A.1778.

18 Geo.'III. 28° Janua 35

0/-(/tvW, That (l^e said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Boughton Mr. Wilbraham Bootle reported from the Committee,

to whom the Petition of several of the Tridiees for Road. putting in execution an Act, pafi'ed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at , w ithin the Liberties

of the City of Chester, to , and from thence

to Newport, in the County of to IvctJ'cy Bank, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to

Bromwichand Stone Bridge, in the Parish of Hampton on Arden, in the County of Warwick, and from Castle Bromwich to Birmingham, in the same County; and also the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, in the Counties of Salop and Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, w'ere l’everally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpihe Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and hail directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; Viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. William Hall, Mr. Samuel Turner, Mr. John Foivtcr, and Mr. William Sadler, Clerks to the several Districts of Road comprised in the said Act, produced to your Committee the Treasurer’s Account for each of the said I thrifts; whereby it appeared, that the Sum of £.(>,445, or thereabouts, has been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act, which Hill remains unpaid.

And being severally examined, they informed your Committee, That the Money-borrowed as aforesaid has been duly applied for the Purposes of the said Act, and the Interdi regularly paid; that the said Money cannot be paid off, and the Road kept in sufficient Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued; that some of the Tolls authorized to betaken are iniiifiicient for the Purposes intended; and some other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Act.

In Support of the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition, Mr. Williatn Ron, being examined, said, That he knows the Turnpike Road leading from Newport to Ecclcshalland Stafford, and also the Turnpike Road leading from Whitchurch to that

it would be of great public Utility to have a Communication between the said Turnpike Roads, which may be effected by making a Road from or near Butclwr’s Barn, in the Parish of in the County of

Salop, to Flint's Gate, in the Parish of Forton, and County of Stafford; which Road of Communication will be but about Half a Mile in Length.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned; and for making a Road of Communication from the said Road, between Whitchurch and Nere port, to the present Turnpike Road from aforesaid,

to Eccleshall, in the County of Stafford: And that

Mr. Wilbraham Bootle and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Honey born A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

laclosure. subscribed, being Proprietors of uninclosed and Com-. VOL. 3b.

monable Land, within the Manor and Hamlet of.

Honn/born, otherwise Chapel-Honey born, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the said Manor and Hamlet are* co-exteufive, and contain several Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, belonging to the Petitioners and others, w'hich, in their present State,

.are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but would be much increased in Value by a Division and Inclosure of the fame: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Air. Chester and Sir William Guise do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Framework Knitters, whose Names Framework are thereunto set, on behalf of themselves, and the Knitters; Framework Knitters residing in the City of London, the Regulation d own and County of the Town of Nottingham, and in thei(. ^a„eJ< the several Counties of Nottingham, Surrey,

Leicester, Derby, Northampton, and Gloucester, was pre-fehted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have served regular Apprenticeships to, and always employed themselves in, the Art or Business of Framework Knitters, in the making Stockings,

Mitts, Gloves, and other Goods usually made and manufactured oil the Stocking Frame, in Silk, Cotton,

Thread, and Worsted; and, notwithstanding their utrnoft Care and Industry, are not capable of providing for themselves and Families the common Necessaries" of Life, not only on account of thfe small Wages paid to them for such their Work and Labour, but also on f <

account of the paying Frame Rent, and other incident . Charges, in keeping their Frames in Working Order:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to settle and regulate the Wages of Persons employed in the Art or Business of Framework Knitters, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Coke of Derby, Mr. Town-Jhend, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John Christian Dean, was presented Dean’s to the House, and read: Praying/That Leave may be Nat. p given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Elwesand Mr. WinchcombeHartley do prepare,

and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Com- Keighley riiittee, to wThom the Bill for continuing the Term, and to altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in Kirkby the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, <e An Act for " repairing, amending, and widening the Road from " Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York,

" to Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of ,"

is committed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the

whole

L.

4

Way* and Mean*.

Findhorn

Harbour.

6 $6 28° — 290 Januarit. A. 1778.

Paper*

respecting the Army.

Jovisy 2 90 die Januarii;

Anno i8# Georgii III*11 Regis, 1778.

Prayers.

THE Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

State of the British and Foreign Troops under the Command of General Sir William including

those at New York and Polls depending, Philadelphia 14th December 1777.

The Lord Barrington also presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

A Paper, intituled, " Officers of the Glasgow Re- giment."

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

The First of the said Papers is preserved amongst. the other Papers of this Session; and the other of the said Papers is as followeth:

OFFICERS of the Glasgow Regiment:

Colonel - - Hon. Alexander Lejlie - (Of 64th F.) Col. 19th 061.1775 Time of Service, 24 Years.

Lieut. Col. Alex. Foth. Ogilvie - (Of 25th F.) Lt. Col. 29 Aug. 77 18

Majors - - Hon. Malcolm Ramsay - (Capt. 25th Dec.70) aill Foot 16

— John Whyte - - - Capt. 25th March 71, 56th Foot 16

Captains . William Campbell - - - Lieut. 14th Sept. 59, late, 75th F. *0

— John Nichola - - Lieut. 19th Jan. 60, late 9ill F. 18

— Archibald Dow, - - - Lieut. 12 th Dec. 60, 60th Foot *9

William Markham - - - Lieut. 18th 0<?. 61, late ii2thF. 16

— Hubert Gould - - - - Lieut. 27th 061.61, late 113th F. 16

— Robert Smith - - Lieut. 6th Nov. $1, late 113th F. 16

— John Murray - - - - Lieut. 13th Feb. 64, late 124th F. 18

Capt. Lieut. Lieutenants.

Ensigns.

Chaplain.

Adjutant.

Quarter-Mailer.

Surgeon.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of Sir HarryMunro, of Baronet, and Henry Daoidson, of Tull, Esquire, Two of the Commissioners appointed by Major General HetHor Munro, of Novar, now on Service in the East Indies, on behalf of the said IleSlor Munro, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, that a proper Harbour on the South Side of the Murray Firth, in North Britain, being much wanted for the Reception and Protection of Vessels retorting to the Northern Seas, and the Town of Findhorn, upon the River Findhorn, within

the Barony of Muirtown, and County of and

Forres, being, by its Situation, immediately above the Entrance of the said River into the Sea, a moll commodious Place for that Purpose, and the stud Ileclor

Munro, the foie Proprietor of the said Barony, being desirous to build, at his own Expence, a sufficient Harbour and Pier adjoining to the said Town of Findhorn, in Consideration of such Tolls, for a Term of Years, a9 may be considered adequate for building and maintaining the said Harbour and Pier, which will be of great Utility to that Part of the United Kingdom, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the said Hector Munro, his Heirs and Assigns (Proprietors of the Barony of Muirtown), to build, maintain, and preserve, a Harbour and Pier upon the River Findhorn, at the Town of Findhorn, within the said Barony and County of Elgin and Forres, and with the usual and necessary Powers for rendering the same effectual and permanent.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration

Gr«itley

Inclosure*

Totrcdlcr through Silver (Ion Read*

Long

Whatton

Inclosure.

Cornwall

GaoL

i8 Geo. III. 29® Januam. 637

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wemy/s, Mr. Whikcorth, &c.: And they are to meet lipOn Monday Morningnext, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of William Benfo Earle, Esquire, principal Owner and Proprietor of Lands within the Manor and Parish of Gradey, in the County of Southampton, and also of Peter Gale and William Wheeler, other Owners and Proprietors of Latlds within the said Manor and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, within the said Manor and Parish) there are certain Open and Common Fields, containing about 400 Acres, in which the Petitioners and others have Property, now divided into several Pieces, intermixed with each other; and that the said Common Fields, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but if the same were divided into specific Shares, and allotted amongst the Petitioners and othersintcrcfied therein, in Severalty, in lieu of, and in proportion to, their respective present Interests therein, the same would be a great Advantage to the Petitioners, and enable them to cultivate and manage their Lands much more to their Advantage, and to the Benefit of the Public: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and allotting the said Common Fields, under such Re-

fillations, and with such Clauses and Provisoes, as the Ioufe shall see fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ituffiy and Mr. Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Cafivall presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Torvrester, through SilverjtonandBrackley, in the County of Xor/hampton, and Ardley and Middleton to

Weston Ga'e,in the Parish of on the Green, in

the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

llefolved.That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Grey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields and Common or Waflc Land, in the Lordship of Lon^ Whatton, in the county of : And

the same was received; and read the Firli Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Cormcall, assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden at Bodmin, the 9th Day of October 1777, in and for the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Common Gaol of the said County, for Criminals, is within the Calile of Launcejton, which is at present in a very bad Condition, the Repairs whereof have hitherto been borne out of the Revenues of the Duke of Cormcall for the Time being; and that the said

Gaol, and the Town of Launcejton, being situated near the Ealtem Extremity of the said County, the Ease ami Convenience of the Public would be best failed by an additional Gaol for Criminals being provided nearer the Centie of the said County; and that the Borough of Bodmin, belt answering the Description aforesaid, and besides being favoured with healthy Air, a good Soil, and Plenty of wholesome Water, is eltecmed the most proper Situation for placing the said new Gaol; and it will be necessary that a Parcel of Ground, called Berrycoombe, otherwise Burcom, within VOL. 36.

the said Borough, Part of the Possessions of the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Borough, and also a small Portion of Ground, the Property of private Persons, should be taken, and used as the Site of the said new Gaol, and for conveying, by a higher Level, a certain Stream of Water, from a Place called Wash,

to the said intended Gaol; and that His Majesty hath been graciously pleased to order to be advanced, but of the Revenues of the Duke of CoYnxoall, a certain Stun, to be applied in repairing the said Gabl in the Calile of Launceston, and also a further Slim, tb be employed towards erecting a new Gaol, at or near Bodmin aforesaid, upon Condition that the Duke of Cornwall for the Time being, may be for ever exonerated from all Charges which may attend the future Repairs, not only of the said present Gaol at Launceston, but of the said new Gaol to be built at or near Bodmin aforesaid; Which Sums have been advanced and accepted upon the said Condition; and that the said Mayor and Burgesses are freely disposed, without any pecuniary Consideration to divelt themselves of the said Parcel of Ground, Part of their Possessions; and the said other Owners of the Lands necessary to be taken for the Purposes aforesaid are consenting to give up their Property in the said Lands, upon a reasonable Satisfaction being made to them for the fame; and that, besides the said Gaols, a Ward or Prison for the secure keeping of Debtors, and a House of Correction or Bridewell, are greatly wanted in the said County, the erecting and finishing whereof, will necessarily occasion a considerable additional Expence beyond the Sum already advanced by His Majesty as aforesaid: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for indemnifying the Duke of Cornwall, for the Time being, from all Repairs of the said Gaols for Felons; and for the appropriating, and properly veiling* the said Parcels of Ground; anti for raising not only a' competent Sum for the Purpose of erecting, completing, and finishing, the said new Gaol for Criminals, House of Correction, and Sheriffs Ward or Prison, and making Satisfaction to the respective Owners of the Grounds, to be taken and used for the Purposes aforesaid, but also, from Time to Time, for ever, as Need or Occasion shall require, sufficient Sums of Money for paying the Salaries of proper Keepers and Officers, to be appointed by the Justices of the said County, for the said new Gaol for Felons, and Bridewell or House of Correction; and for sustaining the Expences necessarily incident to, and which may attend, the said new Gaol and House of Correction; for supporting and keeping in sufficient Repair, as well the said Gaol at Launcejton, when l'o repaired, as the said new Gaol and House of Correction at Bodmin, and other the Conveniences which may belong thereto; and for making all such further and other Provisions as may be necessary, and as the same shall require, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem moll meet and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir William Lemon, Mr. Bidler, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend For Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable I^ands, in the Liberties of Kimcoate and Walton, in the Parishes of Kimcoatc and Knaptoft, in the County of Leicejtef, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had

7 Z been

u

K’mcoate and Walton iKclofuic.

638 29* Januariu A. 1778.

teen complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Nine Yard Lands, who refuted to sign the Bill; and that the whole Number of Yard fluids intended to be inclosed are 84; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through live Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Be port in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: "Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Northampton A Petition of the Reverend Walter Griffiths, Clerk,

Inclosure. and Robert Peach, Gentleman, whose Names are there.

unto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and of the several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the Open and Common Fields, Common Pasture6, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parishes of Saint Giles, Saint Sepulchr, Saint and Saint

Andrew, in or near the Town of , in the County of Northampton, some or one of them, and which are commonly called or known by the Name of Northampton Fields, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, and others, in the said Fields, Paf-.tures, Meadows, Lands, and Grounds, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it will be very advantageous to the several Persons entitled thereto, if the said Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Lands, and Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof, allotted to the several Proprietors thereof, in lieu of, and in proportion to, their respective Rights and Interefis therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Lands, and Grounds, in such Manner, and Under such Regulations, as to the House'shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Powys and Mr. K do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Harpole A Petition of several Persons whose Names are

Inclosure. thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands

and Grounds, and otherwise interested, in the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Heath, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, -of and within the Parish of Harpole, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the Iloufe, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Estates of* the Petitioners and others, in the said Open and Common Fields, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and if the fame, together with the said Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Heath, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to and amongst the several Persons entitled thereto, in Severalty, in lieu of, and in proportion to, their Lands, Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interefis therein, great Advantage would arise to the Parties concerned: Aud therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,

lo

the said Fields, Paliur.es, Meadows, Ileath and other Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House Audi seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: Aud that Mr. Pozcys and Mr. Knightley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are IQc-n thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Wafie Grounds, in the Purdlx of Isham, in the County of Northampton, was pre-

fented to the House and read; Setting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners, and others, in the said Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Wafie Grounds, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their present. Situation, incapable of any confidoiable Improvement; and that if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to the Parlies interested therein:

And therefore praying, That Leave may he given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under l'uch Regulations as the House Ilia!! direct.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said. Petition: And that Mr. Powys, Mr. Knightley, and Mr. Georges Bridges Brudenell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Trustees, appointed to put in Brampton execution several Acts of Parliament, made in the Bridge, Eighth Year -of the Reign of King George the Firfi, iec-and the Twelfth and Twenty-third Years of t lie Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending the Highways leading from Brampton Bridge to Welford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, and the great Poll Road from Mortar to Chain

Bridge, leading into Market Harthrough, in the County of Leicester, and also the Roads from Mortar Pit lliil and Brampton Bridge to the Town of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed, and now remains due, upon the Credit of the said Acts, which, together with the Tolls authorized to be collected, have been applied towards repairing the said Roads; and that great Progress hath been made in the Repairs thereof; hut such Repairs cannot be completed, and the Money borrowed be paid oil', during the present ’l erms granted by the said Act; and representing to the House, that several Amendments and Alterations are necessary to be made in the said Acts, which might be more easily and belter executed if the several Provisions necessary for repairing the said Roads were consolidated and reduced into One Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of the said Act, and for reducing the same into One Act of Parliament, with such Alterations and Amendments as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Powys, Sir George Bebiufon,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are ^riilo! thereto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the City of Theatre.

Bristol, was presented to the llouie, and read; Setting

forth, That the said City is large and populous, anti

some Part of it much frequented by Persons of Rank

and Fortune on account of the Medicinal Waters in

the Neighbourhood thereof, and the Villages round it

are inhabited by many Merchants and Gentry; and > *

that

18 Geo. III.

29° jana

living*

Clifton

upon

Calder

Inclosure.

that a licensed Play house in the said City, under proper lio^rulations, would afford a moral and rational Entertainment to Persons refid ing in, and reporting to, the same and its Environs, and great Benefits would reiiilt to the Shopkeepers and other Inhabitants of the Paid City; and that some of the Petitioners are possessed of a certain Building, within the said City, c'xniiiorlioufiy finished and furnished, for the Performance of Theatrical Exhibitions: And therefore praying That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable His M; ijcJty, His I loirs and Successors, by letters Patent, to Iicenle a Theatre or Playhouse within the said City, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House ihntl seem meet.

On!.'red, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Xorlhami:tcn, whole Names are thereunto subscrilH-'d, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Town, waspresented to the Jloufo, and read; Setting forth, That the Streets, Lanes, and other public Paflagos and Places, within the said Town, are not properly paved, cleansed, lighted, or watehed, but are subject to various Encroachment s, Obllruftions, Nuisanees, and Annoyances, and arc very incommodious and unlafe for Travellers and PafTeugers: and that it would be of great Benefit and Convenience to the said Inhabitants, and to all Persons refolding to or travelling through the said Town, if the said Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, were properly paved, and all Encroachments, Ohftruct ions, Nuisanees, and Annoyances therein, removed, and prevented for the future; and it tvould he of very great Benefit, Safety, and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Town, if the said Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, were properly cleansed, lighted, and watched: And therefore praying, That I^eave may be given to bring in a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the said Town of Northampton, and for removing and preventing all Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisanees, and Annoyances therein; and also for enabling the Petitioners to raise Money to defray the Expence thereof, hv such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Anil it is referred to Sir George Mr.

&e.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir George Anm/tage, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Clifton upon Calder, in the West Riding of the County of York, and Owner of a great Part of the Lands within the said Manor and the Township of Clifton upon Calder; and also the Petition of the several other Owners of Lands and Grounds, within the said Manor and Township, whose Names are thereto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Township, several Commons and Waste Grounds, called Clfton Common, lVoolrow , and Clifton

High Moor, containing 190 Acres and upwards, the Soil

w hereof belongs to the Petitioner Sir George Armytage, as Lord of the said Manor, and the Right of Pallurage thereon to him and the several other Owners of Lands and Grounds within the said Manor and Township; and that the said Commons and Waste Grounds, in their present State, yield very little Profit, and are incapable of Improvement, but if inclosed, and divided into specific Allotments, would be of much more equal

Vol. 36.

and general Advantage to nil Persons inteteffted therein; And therefore praying, That Leave may be giver) to bring in a Bril for rnclosing and dividing the said Commons and Waste Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, 'Ihat Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Goodrickeand Sir Hugh Palliser do prepare,

and bring in, th* fame.

A Petition of the several Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Trustees appointed to put in execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-second Yeat of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East Side of " Common, in the County of to the Middle of

Grange Moor, and from thence to White Cross / and " also the Road from the Guide Post in to

"a Rivulet called Barugh Brook; and from thence " for 200 Yards over and beyond the same Rivulet, or " Brook, into the Township of Cazothorne, in the said " County," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by thfe said Act, the Petitioners were empowered to erect Turnpikes, and collect certain Tolls, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, from the ift Day of June 1759, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament, for repairing the said Roads; and were also empowered td borrow Money on Security of the said Tolls, and several other Potvers were thereby granted; and that the Tolls collected by virtue of the said Act, and the Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been duly applied in repairing the said Roads, and the same are greatly improved; and that there remains due, of the Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, the Sum of £.3,150, w'hich the said Tolls, to be taken during the Remainder of the said Term of Twenty-one Years, will not be sufficient to discharge, and keep the said Roads in sufficient Repair; and that the said Roads cannot, by the ordinary Course provided by the Laws for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, be effectually amended and kept in Repair, nor can the said Debt of £.3,150 be discharged, unless the Terms and Powers granted by the said Act be continued and enlargedAnd therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing the said Term, and for enlarging the Powers granted by the said Act of Parliament of the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the Hoirfe:

And it is referred to Sir George Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet upon Moii'dtty Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Joseph Rann, Clerk, Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Trinity, in the City of Coventry, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, and Stables, in the said Parish, waspresented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Right of Patronage, of the above-named Benefice, or Vicarage, is vested in the King’s Majesty, in Right of His Crown, and the Tythes and Profits thereof do principally stand and depend upon a Statute of the 4th and 5th Years of the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary, intituled,

"An

Barnsley

Common,

&c.

Road.

St. Trinity

Coventry

Tythes.

Ships of War in America.

Navy;

Account

of

Timber.

Ditto.

Kirton Small Debts.

640 2ob Januarii. . 1778.

An Act for the Payment of Tythes in the City of Coventry s" and that, in Process of Time, the Rates and Assessments made by virtue of the said Statute have been much diminished from their true Value, and become not only arbitrary and unequal, but also infufii-cient for the competent Maintenance and Support of the said Vicar, by reason whereof several Suits and Differences have ariion about the Payment and Proportion of the said Tythes, to the great Prejudice and Im-

foveri(liment of the contending Parties; and that the 'etitioners, in order to avoid all future Disputes and Controversies relative to the said Tythes, have mutually agreed, that a Pound Rate shall be laid upon the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Houses and Estates within the said Parish, and paid to the Vicar for the Time being, instead of the Payments directed by the said Statute, such Rate to commence and be paid from Easter 1773, and to be in lieu and perpetual Discharge of all Tythes and Ecclesiatical Dues and Demands payable to the Vicar of the said Parish v And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to ascertain and establish the Payment of the said Pound Rate, in lieu of Tythes and Ecclesiatical Dues within the said Parish of Saint Trinity in Coventry.

Ordered, That the said Petition, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it flxall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sir James lea-

ther, &c: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Buller, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great pre-

fented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Lilt of the different Ships and Vessels of War, and hired Armed Vessels, which have been employed in His Majesty’s Service in North America since the ill Day of November 1774.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Stettin Timber which was remaining in Store, and due upon Contraft, in His Majesty’s Dock Yards, 30th September 1770 and 30th September 1777.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Names and Force of His Majesty’s Ships and Vessels which have been built or repaired with Stettin Timber, since the 30th September 1770 to the present Time.

A Petition of Broicnlmo Earl of Exeter, Lord of the Soke of Kirton, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner is foiled of, and entitled unto, the Soke of Kirton aforesaid, Parcel of the Honour of mond, which Soke consists of the Hundreds of Kirton, Wibberton cum Skirbeck Quarter y Reek, Sioinejhead cum Wigtoft, Bickar, Donnington cum Quadring, and

Gosberton cum Surfieet, and that the Petitioner and his Ancestors, Lords of the said Soke, have been entitled, and have had a Right and Jurisdiction, to hold a Court of Pleas every Three Weeks, or so often as was requisite, in all personal Actions arising within the said Soke, where the Debt or Damages have been under Forty Shillings; and that in the last Session of Parliament an Act was made for the Recovery of small Debts within the several Parishes of kerton, Quadring, Donnington, , Sioinejhead, ICig-

18

toft, Sutlcrton, Algarkirke, Kirton, Frampton,

Wiber/on, and Brblherloft, within the Hundred of Kirton aforesaid; and that 110 Application was ever made to the Petitioner for his Content to the said Act, neither did the Petitioner ever hear thereof till the same had actually passed both Houses of Parliament; and that, by the said Act, certain Persons therein named are appointed Commissioners to hear and determine all such Causes and Matters of Debt as are therein mentioned, and such Commissioners, and their Successors, arc thereby constituted a Court of Justice* by the Name and Style of The Court of Requests, lor the said several Parishes; and it is thereby enacted* that the said Commissioners and their Successors, should have Power to hear and determine all such Causes and Matters of Debt as should be brought before them, as therein mentioned, and that the said Commissioners should cleft their Successors; and that Atkinson and John Gleed, Gentlemen, should be Clerks of the said Court, and Stilts Mapletoft, William Stevenson, and James Robertson, should be Serjeants of the fair! Court; and that the Commissioners for the Time being, on the Office of Clerk, or Serjeant, of the said Court, becoming vacant, should ehoofe and appoint another fit Person to be Clerk, or Serjeant, of the said Court} and it is thereby further enacted, that, after passing the said Act, it should be lawful to and for all' and every Person and Persons who then had, or thereafter should or might have, any Debt or Debts, not amounting to the Sum of Forty Shillings, due or owing to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own Right, or as Executor, Administrator, Guardian, or Trustee, by or from any other Person or Persons whatsoever, inha- biting or residing within the Parishes aforesaid, or trading, or dealing, or seek'ing a Livelihood, therein, to apply to either of the Clerks of the said Court, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, for the Time being, who should immediately make an Entry in his Book of the Cause, expressing the Names of the Parties, and the Sum demanded, and should thereupon make out a Summons in Writing, under his Hand, directed to such Debtor or Debtors, expressing the Sum demanded of him, her or them, and the Name or Names of the Party or Parties demanding the fame, and thereby requiring such Debtor or Debtors to appear at a certain Time and Place before the Commissioners of the said Court, to answer such Demand; and that the Serjeant or Serjeants of the said Court should forthwith lerve, or cause such Summons to be served, on such Debtor or Debtors, either personally, or by leaving the same at the Dwelling House or Place of Abode, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of Dealing or Working, of such Debtor or Debtors, within the Parishes aforesaid; and that the said Commissioners should, upon Proof made of the Service of such Summons, have full Power and Authority, by virtue of the said Act, to make due Enquiry concerning such Demand, and to pronounce and give such final Sentence and Judgment, and to make such inicrlocn-tory or final Order and Decree therein, as to them shall seem most just and equitable; and it is thereby further enacted, that no Action or Suit for any Debt, not amounting to the Sum of Forty Shillings, and recoverable by virtue of the said Act, should be brought again!! any Person or Persons, residing or inhabiting within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, in any of the King’s Courts at Westminster, or any other Courts whatsoever,

or elsewhere, out of the said Court of Requests; and that no Suit that should be commenced in the said Court of Requests in pursuance of the said Act, nor any Proceedings therein, should be removed into any superior Court, but that the Judgments, Decrees, and Proceedings, of the said Court, should be fixed and cou-elusive to all Intents and Purposes; and it is thereby further enacted, that the said Act should not extend to any Debt for Reut, upon any Lease or Contract where

the

18 GeO, III. 290 Januarti. 64}

the Title of any Lands, Tenements, 6r Hereditaments, could come in Question, or to any other real Contract, nof to any Debt arising by reason of any lait W ill or Testament, or Matrimony, or any thing belonging to the- Ecddiastical Court, nor to any Debt for Money won at any Horse-race, Cock-match, Wager, or any kind of Gaming or Play, nor for any Forfeiture or any Penal Statute or Bye Law, nor to any Debt whereof there had not been a Contract, Acknowledgment., Undertaking, or Prdmife, to pay within Six Years before the taking such Summons for the fame, although such Debt should not amount to Forty Shillings; and that, by the said A ft, the Petitioner’s Right and JuriilJiftionofholdinga Court of Pleas as ai'orelaid, within the said several Parishes in the Soke of Kirton aibrefuid, is taken away and destroyed; and that the Petitioner is advised that the said Act was unnecessary, as the Petitioner had a Jurisdiction in the same Places, of the same Sort: And in regard the said Act is an Infringement upon the Petitioners private Right and Property, therefore praying, That Leave may he given for a iiill to be brought in, for the repealing of the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committte: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it lha.ll appear to them to the Monte:

And it is referred to Sir George Sir Charles

Whifioorlh,&c.: And tiiey are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chandler; and have Power to fend lor Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " repairing the Road leading from the Town of " Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, by Hutton

" JIall, over Skelton and Castle Paliures, and

" Sebraham Bridge, to Chalk Beck in the said County; " and also the Road which Branches and separates from " the same Road, upon Castle Smverby Pafiure aforesaid, and leads from thence through Ilejket, other-

Wife Hrjkci-Newmarkcl, to Caldbeck, in the said " County," whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded to execute the said Act, and have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit thereof; and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring; and, unless the Term and Powers thereof are enlarged, the Money now due cannot be repaid, nor the Roads elleclually repaired: And therefore praying, '1 hat Leave may he given to bring in a Bill for enlarging t lie Term and Powers of the said Act, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Mr. Low-

(her, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition o [ A ndrexeIluddleston, of Hutton Joint, in

ihc County of C 'irmbtrhnLit]litre, and linger Ullliam-Jbn,‘ofSuittlegarlh, in the same County, Esquire, u aspre-fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners arc Lords of the Manor of , in

the said County Cumberland; and that within the said Manor there are divers Customary Tenants, who hold iheirCiiliomary M< linages. Lands, and Tenements, of the Petitioners, as Lords of the said Manor, under certain early Customary Kents and reasonable arbitrary Fines.

J J 9

\OL. jO.

not exceeding Two Years improved Value of their said Customary Tenements, upon Change of ’ every Lord by death, called General Fines, and Change of every Tenant by death or Alienation, called Dropping Fines, and by Payment of Heriots, and under other Dues, Duties, and Services; and that the said NIanor of BlennerhaJJet adjoins to the M anor oiBolton , in the same County, within which last mentioned Manor there are certain Commons and Waste Grounds; and that the Petitioners, and their several Custoroary Tenants within the said Manor of Blennerhqffct, were, until the pafiirrp; of the Act of Parliament herein after mentioned, entitled to Common of Pasture, and other Commonable Rights, in and upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds, within tire said Manor of Bolton, as appurtenant to their several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Manor of BlennerhaJJet; and that, by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and W’alle Grounds, within the Manor of " Bolton, in the County of Cumberland," certain Commissione. s, therein named, were empowered to make the said Division; and it was thereby enacted, that the said Commissioners should allot to every Person interested in the said Commons or W’alle Grounds, and who/e Lands or Tenements did not lie within the Boundaries of the said Manor, of Bolton, such Share thereof as should appear to the said Commissioners, to be a jufi and reasonable Recompense and Compensation for the Loss of their respective Rights of Common upon the said Commons and W’alle Grounds, or any Part thereof, and in the said Act there is contained a Clause, whereby it is enacted, that from and immediately after the execution of the Award to be made by the said Commissioners, all and every the Allotments of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, to be made by virtue of the said Act, should be veiled in pure and ah' solute Fee Simple, and become Estates of Freehold, in the several and respective Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, to and for whom the same should be set out, allotted, and assigned, as aforesaid.; and that froip and after the execution of the said Award, the said several Shares and Allotments so to be made, should be in full Compensation, and in lieu. Bar, and Satisfaction, of and for all Right of Common and Turbary, and all other Rights whatsoever (the Right of the Person or Persons entitled to the Tythes thereof, with respect to such Tythes and other Ecclesiastical Dues, and the Right of the Earl of Egris Heirs and Assigns, to a Rent of One Shilling per Acre, made payable by the said Act in lieu of hii Right to the Soil of the said Wastes, and to Suit of Court,. and other Matters and Things, thereby reserved, only excepted), which any Person or Persons whomlbeyer fhentofore had prosecuted, or claimed to have, or might have had, in, over, and upon, the said Commons and \Valte Grounds; and that all and all Manner of Right of Common and Turbary, of what Nature soever, upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds, should, from that Time, cease, and be for ever extinguished; and that the said Act was' palfed, not only without the Consent, but without the Privity, of the Petitioners, save that the Petitioners having, previous to the last Session of Parliament, heard that a Bill was intended to be brought into Parliament, for dividing and inclosing the said Commons and Wastes; the Petitioner Andrew Huddle-ston, together with Mr. Wiljhn Wood, Steward of the ‘ Petitioner’s said Manor of Blcnnerhqffet, and Two of the Customary Tenants of the said Manor, did, on or about the 17th Day of October 177G, meet Mr. Thomas Bcnjbn, Steward to the Earl of (and who was

the Solicitor of the said Bill) at in the said

County of Cumberlattd, when the said Mr. Bcnfon promised that the Petitioners should be consulted in every Step taken relative to the said then proposed Bill, and that he would fend a Copy of the said Bill, or of the

8 A principal

t>4»

29* Januarii.

A. 1778.

principal Heads thereof, to the Petitioner dlrjton, before the same should be offered to be signed, and that Care should be taken of the Rights of the Petitioners and their Tenants, or Words to that effect; and that, notwithstanding the aforesaid Promise, the Petitioners were not consulted, nor was any Copy of the said Bill, or of the principal Heads thereof, feat to the Petitioners, or either of them, though the said Thomas Benjbn was applied to for that Purpose: nor did the Petitioners obtain any Copy of the said Bill, until feme Time after the same was passed into a Law, when the Petitioners were greatly surprized to find the above-mentioned Clause inserted in the said Bill, whereby all Allotments to be made of the said Commons and Waste Grounds were to be veiled in pure and absolute Fee "Simple, and become Estates of Freehold, in the several Persons to whom the same should be allotted, and all Right of Common was to cease and be extinguished; and that upon Inquiry, the Petitioners found, that the said Thomas Bcnfon, the Solicitor of the said Bill, previous to the passing thereof, had entered into Contracts with divers of the Petitioners Customary Tenants within the said Manor of Blennerhaff for purchasing the Allotments of the said Commons and Waste Grounds to be made to such the Petitioners Customary Tenants, in respect of the Right of Common on the said Wastes appurtenant to their Customary Tenements within the Petitioners said Manor of Blennerhaffet-, and that the Petitioners are very much aggrieved and injured by the said Clause, for that the Right of Common on the said Wastes and Commons within the said Manor of Bolton^ appurtenant to the Customary Tenements within the Petitioners said Manor of B formed a Part

of the Value of such Customary Tenements, andconfe-questly of the Value of the Fines to which the Petitioners are entitled for such Customary Tenements; and the said Right of Common being extinguished by the said Clause, and the Allotments to be made in respect thereof being to be held in pure and absolute Fee Simple, and to become Estates of Freehold, the Petitioners will not be entitled to any Fines, or other Dues or Services in respect thereof, but will be deprived of their lawful Fines in the Extent they were entitled thereto, the Value of the said Customary Tenements being decreased by the Extinguishment of the said Right of Common appurtenant thereto: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of the said Act as declares, that, from and after the execution of the Award or Instrument therein mentioned, all and every the Allotments of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, to be made by virtue of the said Act, shall be veiled in pure and absolute Fee Simple, and become Estates of Freehold, in the several and respective Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, to and for whom the same shall be set out, allotted, and assigned, so for as the some concerns the Allotments, in respect of the Right of Common appertaining to the Customary Tenements within the said Manor of Blennerhaffet: and also to explain and amend the said Act, so as that all such Parcels of the said Commons and Waste Grounds as shall be allotted for, or in respect of, the Right of Common thereon appertaining to the Customary Tenements, within the Petitioners said Manor of Blcnnerhajet, may be held of the Petitioners in the same Manner, and be of the same Tenure and Nature, and subject to such Fines (in proportion to their respective Values) Dues, Duties, and Services, as the several and respective Customary Tenements to which the Right of Common on the said Commons and Wastes belonged, in lieu or respect whereof such Allotments shall be made; and for such other Purpose as the Justice of the same may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Ccasideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the some, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir James Lotvther, Mr.

Sec.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of the Reverend James Gyles, Cleric, Timothy Dewell, Gentleman, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening the Road from the Town of Farringdon, in the County of Berks, to die Town of Crick-lade, and from thence to the Town of,

in the County of Wilts, and the Road from thence to join the Turnpike Road at ABon Turville in the M County of Gloucester s and also the Road from Tetbury, in the said County, through Mabnesbury aforesaid, to Chippenham Bridge; and the Road from " Sherjton, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Tetbury to Bath," several Tolls were granted, and Powers given to Trullees therein named, and their Successors, for amending and keeping in Repair the several Roads above described, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that there is now owing unto the Petitioners jtottttGyfcr and Timothy on the Credit

of the said Act, and the Tolls thereby granted upon the District of Road leading from Tetbury, through Malmesbury, to Lower Stanton, in the feme County, the Sum of 1,215; and also divers other considerable Sums of Money to several other Persons, advanced for the Purposes of the said Act, upon the several other Parti thereof; which Sums of Money cannot be discharged, and the said several Roads kept in good Repair, during the present subsisting Term thereof granted; and that the Road leading from the Four-Mile Stone erected upon the Turnpike Road from in the County of Gloucester, to Tetbury aforesaid, near a Place called Jacaments Bottom, in the Parish of Coates, in the said County of Gloucester, to and through the Parishes of Kemble, Crudwell, Hankerton, Charlton, Milbome,

and Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts, being great public Roads, for many Years pall have been, and now are, so very ruinous, as in many Places in the Winter Season to be almoll impalpable, and in several Parts thereof very narrow and incommodious: And therefore praying. That the said Term of Twenty-one Years, made and granted by the said recited Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty, may be continued from the expiration thereof for and during a further Term of Years; and also, that the said Road from the Four-MileStone, near Jacaments Bottom aforesaid, to and through the several Parishes of Kemble Crudwell,

Hankerton, Charlton, Milbome, and Malmesbury aforesaid, maybe effectually repaired; and that fall Power and Authority may be given and granted to proper Trullees, and their Successors, for forveying, ordering, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, all the said respective Roads; and farther, that the said Turnpike lioad from Tetbury, in the County of Gloucester, to and through Malmesbury, to a Cottage in Lower Stanton Field, in the Parish of Stanton Saint Quinton, in the same County, now in the Possession of John Beake, his Under Tenants or Assigns; and also the said Road from the Four-Mile Stone near Jacaments Bottom, through the several Parishes aforesaid, shall be considered and made one District of Road; and that the Tolls to be collected on each of the said Iall-mentioned Roads, and the Money to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, shall be paid arid applied to the repairing and amending

of

Farriaglo

Ut.

BmL

: J

18 Geo. III.

290 Januarii.

643

of the same Roads only, and for executing the other necessary Purposes of this Act; relating thereto.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. James , Mr.

Marsham, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Stocking of A Petition of several Freeholders and Copyholders, "paftmeT1 *n Manor and Parish of in the County of

F.ssex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is, within the said Manor and Parish, a certain Piece of inclosed Pallure Ground, called Kajing Wood, or Nafing Park, containing, by Ellima-tion, 414 Acres, or thereabouts, belonging to the Freeholders and Copyholders of the said Manor and Parish, from which the Proprietors at present receive little Benefit; and that it would be of great Advantage to the Petitioners, and the several other Freeholders and Copyholders of the said Manor and Parish, if proper Regulations and Provisions were made and established for stocking the said Failure for the future, and for repairing and keeping in Repair the Fences thereof: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

gurfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that ir William Wake and Mr. Luther do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

k Mr. Ehces reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Charles Frederick Loudon/ack, was committed; That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed.

Dam'S

Km.

Mr. Elwes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Dean:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

- Mr. Strutt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trullees appointed to put in execution an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the . Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for building a Bridge over the River Lea, at or near a Place called Jeremy’s Ferry, and for making, repairing, and widening. Roads from thence into the great Roads at Snarejbrook, in the County of Ejffex, and at Clapton, in the County of Middlesex, and of several Creditors of the Tolls made payable by virtue of the fiune Act, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed was referred: That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had

been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had di-rested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Joint Coe, Clerk to the Commissioners, being examined, said, That the Trullees have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the said Act, which has been applied according to the Vol. 36.

Directkms thereof; and he produced to your Committee, an Account of the Debtsnow owing, amounting to the Sum of £. 1,800; that the said Bridge And Road cannot be supported, repaired, and kept in proper Repair, nor the Money nowowing.be repaid, unless the Term of the said Act is further contipued, and the Powers thereof enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act* mode in the Thiftieth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for building a Bridge over the River at or neair a Place called Jeremy's Ferry, and for making, repairing, and widening, Road from thenceintothe great Roads at Snarejbrook, in the County of and at Clapton, in the county of : And that

Mr. Strutt and Mr. Elwes do prepare, and bring ill, the fame.

A Petition of the Honourable and Reverend John . Tracy, Doctor in Divinity, Rector of Eafi Lockinge, in in,|,.r.,£, the County of Berks, Sarah Wymond, Widow, and other Proprietors of Lands in the said Parish, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said John Tracy is Rector of the said Parish, and Mrs. Sarah Wy- ' mondefold, and the other Petitioners are Owners of Lands lying in Common Fields within the said Parish, and other Lands liable to the Payment of Tythes to the said Rector; and that the said Rector, and the said Proprietors of Lands within the said Parish, have entered into an Agreement, to have the said Common Field Lands inclosed and divided, in certain Proportions already adjulled and settled between themselves, and to settle upon the said Rector and his Successors a Corn Rent, and a certain Quantity of Land moreconveniently situated for his Use, in lieu of his Tythes issuing out of the Lands comprehended in the said Agreement, and his present Glebe Lands: And therefore praying, That *

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for carrying the said Agreement effectually into execution.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill* purl’uant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Popham, and Mr. Wenman do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Earl Bathurst, and the humble Petv- Siddfagton tion of several other Freeholders, within the consoli- Iacloiuret dated Parities olSiddington Saint Maryund Saint Peter, in the County of Glouctfer, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said-con solidated Parishes, several Open Arable Fields, and Parcels of Common and Waile Grounds, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be highly beneficial to the Petitioners if the same were divided and inclosed; and that there are, within the said consolidated Parishes, Two Parish Churches, one called the Rectory Church of Saint Mary, and the other the Vicarage Church of Saint Peter-, and that the said Churchesarefituate at averyfmall Diltauce from each other, and Divine Service is never performed in both the said Churches at the same Time, but is performed in the Morning and Evening at each alternately; and that the said Vicarage Church of Saint Peter, and the Church-Yard thereto belonging, are more than sufficient for both the said Parishes; and the said Rectory Church is tailing into Decay, and the Reparation thereof will be attended with very considerable Expence, and would be of no Advantage to the Parishioners; and that if Power was given to take down the said Rectory Church, and to fell or otherwise dispose of the Materials thereof, and the Bells belonging thereto, and also to lay the Site of t,he said Church, together with the Church-Yard thereto belonging, to the present lleftory House, for the Conveniency of the Rector, it would be advantageous to the Petitioners,

and

A. 1778

644 29* Ja — a Febrttarii.

and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall l'eem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Whitshed and Mr. Morion do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

General Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect index to the Progress made by the several Persons appointed to

the Jouriul*. a General Index to the Journals of this House;

and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Rigby, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Compile ee, that they do consider what further Recompense shall be made to the Persons who have been employed to make a General Index to the Journals of the House, over and above what they have already received; and report their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That the Report, which, upon the 13th Day of May 1776, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to iuspect the Progress that had been made by the several Persons appointed by Mr. Speaker to make a General Index to the Journals of this House, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report, which, upon the 22d Day of May 1776, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of a Method of completing the General Index to the Journals of this House, and to appoint proper Persons for executing the fame, and who were iullru&ed to consider what further Recompense should be made to the Persons who had been employed to make the said General Index, over and above what they had already received, be referred to the said Committee.

Return of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy

of the last General Monthly Return of the Royal Re-Regiment. giment of Artillery, specify ing the Numbers and Station

of the different Parts of the said Regiment, as Hated in their last Returns received.

Account; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ordnance. Account of the Howitzers, Mortars, and other Ordnance of different Sorts, Small Arms, Mealed and Corned Powder, in His Majesty’s Stores, in North America, on the ill: January 1774.

Ditto. A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Mortars, Howitzers, and Ordnance of different Sizes, Small Arms, Filled Cartridges, Loaded Shells, Mealed Powder, and Corned Powder, sent to North America, from the ill of January 1774 to the 29th of January 1778, specifying the different Times in which they were sent;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna:, 2° die Februarit j Anno 18* G.:org!i III, U Regis, 1778.

Pr AVERS.

/ORDERED, That the Thanks of this House be Chaplai*

given to the Reverend Arthur Orjlo Chaplain to tlan*ed' this House, for the Sermon by him preached, upon Friday la.lt, before this House, at Saint Margaret's,

Westminster.

A Petition of Henry Burgatn, of the City of Glastonbiiry Esquire, Lord of the Manor of and -

garly, and of the Liberty of GlajlonburTwelve Hydes,

in the County of Somerset, the Reverend Richard Pratt,

Minister of the several Parishes of John and Saint Benedict, alias Benignus, in the Town of in

the said County, Francis Card, Esquire, Mayor of the said Tow n of GlaJionbunj, Champany Roche, John Fry,

Senior, John Fry, Junior, John Payne, John

John Strode, William Moxham, WMetford, John

Metford, John Swan ton, Erhard Smart, John Fear t he

Elder, Thomas Slower, William Joseph Reeves,

Junior, Charles Colt, and William Freeholders

in the said Manor, Liberty, Town, and Parishes aforesaid, in behalf of themselves, and others, having Right of Common and Turbary on the Waste Lands within the Parishes of Saint John and Sain Benedict, alias Beni gnus, at Glastonbury aforesaid, was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, in the said Manor, Liberty, and Parishes, certain Moors, or Pieces of Waste Land, called Heath Moor, Turf Moor, Hulk Moor, si\d Kennard Moor, containing to-, gether about 2,000 Acres, the greatest Part of which is subject to be overflow 11 with Water, and rendered of very little Value to the Proprietors; but if the same were inclosed, drained, divided, and allotted, it w ould be of public Utility, and very beneficial to the several Persons entitled thereto; and that the Petitioners, for themselves, and others claiming a Right of Common thereon, are desirous of inclosing, draining, dividing, and allotting the fame, according to each Person’s respective '

Interest therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclo'ing, draining, dividing, and allotting, the said Moors, or Pieces of Waste Land, to and amongst the several Proprietors, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Aud it is referred to Mr. Combe, Mr. Toionjhend,

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of Wamtfmri the Parish of Wandsworth, in the County of Surrey, lightly was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, *Kh’ That the said Parish is become very large and populous, and, from its Vicinity to the Metropolis, the Inhabitants thereof are exposedto frequent Robberies,

Burglaries, and other Outrages; and that it w'ould be a great Security to the Petitioners, and to Persons puffing through the said Towm, if the same was properly lighted and watched during certain Hours of the Night:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

11 And

Wmlock

Roads.

Snrcrn

Fdherks.

18 Geo. III. 2°Februarii.. 645

And it is referred to Sir J Mr. &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and " keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House, in the Town of Much Wenlock, in the County of Salop," and also the Mortgagees and other Creditors of the Tolls and Duties arising upon the said Roads, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That great Progress hath been made in the Repairs of the said Roads, and several large Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls; but that the said Tolls are not sufficient effectually to repair the said Roads, and pay off the several Debts charged thereon, within the Time prescribed for the Continuance of the said Act; and representing to the House, that the High Road, branching out of the said Turnpike Road, from Much Wenlock Market //o?{/<raforesaid, to Buildwas Bridge, in the said County, near a Place called Hill, otherwise

GlidconIlill, and passing through the several Parishes of Much Wenlock aforesaid, Shineton, and Cund, in the said County, and adjoining, in the said Parish of Cund, the Turnpike Road which leads from Muck Wenlock aforesaid, to Shrexcsbury, in the said County, is, in many

Places, very narrow and ruinous, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary eourse of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to extend the Terms and to enlarge and vary the Powers of the said Act of Parliament, in such Manner as the I louse shall think proper, for the more effectually repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, and for securing the said Mortgagees; and also to enable the said Trustees to widen and amend the other Road compr.fed in this Petition, and herein before described, dr to grant them such other Relief as to the House shall i’eem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consider.ition of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hopkins, Mr. ice.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Proprietors, or Persons interested in the Fisheries in the River Severn below Gloucester Bridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Petition has already been presented to the House, for a Bill to repeal or alter so much of several Acts relating to the said Fisheries, as Ji-.nit the Length of the Nets, and the Size of the Melhes thereof, and for better Preservation of the Spawn and Fry of Fifti; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that, for improving and better preserving the Fisheries in the said River Severn, several other Powers and Regulations are necessary than those prayed for by the said Petition, particularly with respect to the Putt Fisheries, and to the Penalties and Mode of Conviction prescribed by the Acts recited in the said Petition, and by other Acts relative to the said Fisheries: And therefore praying. That such further and other Provisions and Regulations may be granted, as may be necessary completely to improve, govern, and preserve, the said Fisherits.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Coilideratiou of a Committee: And that they do exa-

Vol. 36.

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Barrow, Mr. Baldwyn, &c.: Aud they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at; Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.; and have Power to fend for Person3, Papers, and Records.

i e»

A Petition of the Right honourable George O'Brien Earl of Egremont, Lord of the Barony of in

the County of Cumberland, and the humble Petition of several Persons entitled to a Right of Common Upon certain Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Barony of Wigton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, within the said Barony, there are certain Commons and Waste Grounds, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement, but if the same were divided and inclosed it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and all others entitled to Right of Common thereupon:' And therefore praying. That Leave may be given* to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Barony of Wigton, in the County of Cumberland, in such Manner and Form, with such Powers, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Marsham and Mr. Herbert do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of or otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Byfield and West-rup, in the Parish of Byfield, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, arid read; Setting forth. That the Larids and Grounds of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common Fields, lie inconveniently intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein if the said Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Knightleyahd Mr. Powys do prepare, and bringin, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Wootton, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the Hoyfe, and read; Setting forth. That the Land’s and Ground* of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common Fields, lie inconveniently intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the said Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Rights and Iri-terells: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the mid Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

8 B Ordered,

Wigtcm

Inclosure.

BfSeld

and

Westrup

Inclosure.

Wootton

Inclosure.

(rdfi

2* Fefouam.

A 1778;

Naunton

ladofure.

thei'efore'p?d v m‘£* T*hht'iVdvte nrity-bb giVefi lA bl¥iirg. in a Bill for dividing,' affA'ttirigi'and ’layfhg in'Severity;’ tlite fafa ' Lands'*arid1 Grounds,* id1 fu'ch’Mahriei*,' arid'* subject to fiibli Regulations,* as'Hftte' Horise ilrulF thriik* proper.

Ordered, That Tjeav^Tir g^reSTto rWhigr in (acBfll, purfahrit to the Prater'o ft hefairl Petition*. And^hat* Mr.' Garth and Mr.' Goddahd dO^Mfe^are, > andubririgo

iiiythe fame:

Ordered, That Leavebe given to'* bring in a ‘BHI, pursuant to the Pr^er onlie'fardTetttion: And'that1 bjr. Kvightley and Mr. Powys do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

A Petition of theleveraf PersonswfioTil Naftfe^ ate'1 thereunto subscribed, being iP£oprjeto^s of Uninclosed

and Commonable Lands)) within the Parish of N'auhfon,

in the County of &lou, ceflef,.was p'resentedio the TiAilfe, -apd read: Setting forth, T^atthere are fe'veriV'O^etj1*

Fjelds, Hills, Down's, Fastures," and Coiriih'driablte"

Lands, within the said ParilTi) belonging to the’Petitioners. and Others," which, in tjheir prefetit'State, afe' iijqapableof any considerable Im protehiehf) but woiifd1 be greatly increased inValueif the fame were 'divided1* apd inclosed: And therefore pray ing, That Leave triay; bi? giyen to bring in,a BjUror dividing and lricldfing' t|e laid Open . Fields, ljp‘wn's, Paftrires, and1

Commonable Lands, under' such ‘Regulations aSthe"

House shall think proper.'.

Ordered, That JLeave be given to bring* in' a Bill, . o> '-'l*- ^'^rv-V v"r'-.

pursuant to the ftajer of tlielaW l>elitio,f: A'iMthat' I0"'1h,ff"f,

Sr IfV&Vm Guifiui»l Mr.’Burrow d<i pri-pire. atVd' T"f ;o«-«ed on the said llr.h;e, b£

bring in, the fame.

APelTtion of the Bailiffs,' Aidermtep', and "Burgesse's, of the' Towli aiVd'lCoVppra{i6n 'oCisfidgmrth', in" the douniy'of Salop, and of* many .'of ^he'principal 'Inhabitants of the said Town, and1 the Neighbour’hdo.il' thereof, whose Names are thereunto ‘ subscribed,’ ot» ' behalf of theiriselves,'arid others,* was prel’enfed to the-Iioufe, and read; Setting forth,', That the Bridge over ' tbte"Kiyer. Severn, in the said Towli, is a'very ancient"* SftruClrire) and, 1 by length of time is" become' ruinous and decayed and the landed Estate appropriated for*

Leckhampfon

ladofure.

.A Petition of the several Persons"1 whose NaftrtesrWe thereunto subscribed," was presented to the Hbrif<vahdf read; Setting forth; That’ there" are, w’ifhlh thd Manbr and Parish of Lec/tham/iton, in the County of Gl&ucefef'f

ffyeral Open and Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows,jOr rallure^ Waste Graunds, arid"oHier Commonable Lands; and that the lev’eral ljafi'd'^ ofyhb’Pe-t^tioners, and oiher§) pi the f^icTT*iehN abcTfMeadows,1 lje intermixed, tunfdiTperled in small Parcels, arid ah# inconveniently'fit uated for the* feve'ril’ OtVhers*1the’rebf,i arjd incapable", of any* corisiderable Im'pftevtement'its their prevent. Situation; and that, if* tire faW Fields;' Meadows, Waste Grounds, and1 of Mr GottiriVoridblte' Lands, were dividedJan3 inclose^r, aritFljMsdifiri SWahes allotted to the Persons interested thtereiri1; acteqfdrng id their respective Interefis, such Divisioii and' Allritrirent will be v^ry, advantageous to thehi1: and therefore praying the House to take the Premises'* into Confide-rgtion; and that Leave may be giveil tb bring ib‘ d Bill fqr the Purposes aforesaid> under fufcK PegliraWdir^ and Provisions as the House shall thin*k jfi'opeF

Ordered, That.Leave be given to* brln^’in a’'BlIl,! pnrftianf. to the Prayer of the' said Petitlpil; Afldthtlt' Sir Wiiltavi Gitije, Mr. Barrow, ahrf Jim" dd

prepare, and bring in', the fame.'

North Dalton 'Ldrd'George Cacendifit presented to the House,

ncoure. accor(j;n£y to Oider, a Bill for dividing and ,inclojfing> several Open Fields and Stinted Pastures, or Waste Grounds, in the Manor of North l)atim, in the' East Riding of the County of York: And the same was rebeived; and read the Fil'd Time.

Refolded, That the Bill bd read a SecondTime.

Coate

Tndotore.

' A petition" of thovttsEile'Vtir, %uireV LoVd of

the Manor arid Tythiivg of Ooate, iri tKie Pariflvof Bishops Cannings, in the Coilhty of Wilts, arid of thd feveraf other Persons wlirifri' Names'ate thereunto'ftrb-scribed, on behalf of themselves; and others,' was prefect edto the Floufe, arid read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Mari'ot arid Tything, feVei-al Open Conifnon Fields, Common1 Meadows, Corimion Pastures, Waste Lands, and Coimhonable Plates, belonging to the Petitioners,-and others, which,-iri their present Situation, are incapable of any cotifidCrabie Improvement; and that, if the1 same were divided, and specific Allotments thereof made to tlw? several Persons ii/tcrested" therein, or entitled theretri,' abeoVding1 to their respective Rights, Shares, and interests,'the said Lauds and Grounds would be greatly improved: And

Severn

Briuge.

reason of the great Alteration'iri the'Value'of iVIonby- from ' tvliaf' it" was'in* Times' paf% are so flii'act aiiit iriconsiderable that they are by 116 ‘naeaiis’ VuSjeieiit'to* repair the said Bridge'; and that, li'otWifhffcUiding large*

Sums of Money hUve'of latte-' Years been yolrintarily*

veri, as well by" many Gentlemen residing in'" the* Neighbourhood of the said. Town, as by. the' BalliTfs1 ah'd Biirgenbs'of the said Towh, and laid out in the* Reparation of the said' Bridgej the same is'still so rriinbiis* arid, decayed,* that great Part thereof is in' danger offalling; and that the Street called The ’Carlwdy, lead-' ing froip' the* West" End of the said Bridge" into the' upper Part of thte' said Town,' is so very steepV incotn-modi'dus, difficult) arid 'dangerous to afeerid, that thes"* same is a public piconverilerice; and ah hough corifi-derable Sum's of Money have been* laid oiit in impi ov-ing the fame, it cannot be made commodious or safe; and that if a new'Road whs niade*to lead fromr the’

West* 'Eii’d of the said Bridge) to o‘r near" Lower Workhovfc, and from thence up the South West Si ’e* of i iie Cajlte /lilt, arid through' The Bark to the Bottom of The J/igh 'Street, in the Pai’iih of Mary'Magdalen; in the said Town, it' would be of great public Utility: Arid therefore* praying, That Lteave may be gi veil to bring iri a Bill For the Purpose of repalring and keeping ii\ Repair the said Bridge, arid m'aking arid keeping in Repair such new Road, under such Regulations'and RestriAtions as to the House iliarf seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the CohfideratidiT.of a Committees And that they do examine tins. Matter thereof; and report thte.famte, as it feast appear, to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Hopkins

&*b;.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and baive'Power to feridfor Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Wilbraham 'Bootle^preferitfed^ W the’ Fl'riufe, aC- Boughtoa

CoVding to Order, a' Bill to enlarge the Term and Bar* Powers of an Act) prided in the Thirty-third Year of King George the Second, for repairing rind widening the Road from The Bar* at Boaghtort, within tile Liberties of the City of Chester, to Wiiifehurch, and froiri thence to Newport, in the County of and otder

Roads in the said Act meni ioned; and for making a Road of Communication'from the said Road, between Whitchurch and Neivnort, to the present Turn pike Ro'ad

from Neto/tort afrirelaid; to EccU/hull, iri the" County of Stafford: And the fume was received; and read thte Firli Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition

Road.

18 Geo. III. 2° Februarii. \

Chester A PetJftion of the ’Cotripariy of IVbpriet®1*;<rf»the‘-Navigation. ChesterCanal Navigation,'wksr preferifedto th^HoUfe,*-

atul rea'd; Setting forth, That,- by atr* Act; pafi^d in' the Twelfth Year of the Reign *o£Hil'p*efefft Majesty, the Petitioners are empowered tbnfetkfc'tiCuf, or<ianal, -navigable' arid‘ phffebld for’ Bdats,-Bhrges,: and other' Vessels, from the1 River Dct}Withirt1 the Liberties of* the City of CltrJ&f, to or ne&r Mkidieibieh, aftdfroma1 certain Part of the said intehded ‘Cut, or Cabal, at or near Wat die Greflt, to or near NaMwkh, in tl«e County of Chtjlet*, and that, in ptfrfiuanCe' of the Powers con*-tamedin the said Aw,' the* Petitioners raised and contributed amongst' thetrifelveS the Sirin of £42,000, add* borrowed the'Sum of /.20,06b oh thd Credit thereof (being the foil ExlftAt of the Mbrtie* Jat»thoj rfzed by the' said Act toVe ra if«fand‘borrowed)and1 tfiefatd feveraf Sihns^of ^.42,000 and £.20,000 have* beftri expended in eafrying' ori1the'^YVJrk$ authorized* td be1 donft,1byvirtrie* of tlih*faM -Act,* eXfeept *the Sum1 of £.100, or thereabouts,' attd great Prbgtefe hath heeri already'rriade in the said-'-Undertaking} hut, it being fdirtid that 'thb'MbnieSf fri rahM arid1 borrowed1 wfer&'nrit‘firf!icient t6 complete the said Navigation andi Undertakiryt, n Act was passed in the SeventeenthYbar of His present Majesty’s Reign*, whereby the'Pe fit loners wSf^etnpbwend to rail'-, by way of Sifblfc»fiption arifongst 'thbnr, fives, or by the Adiniflrou oPnew Sub*-fcrlbets, any further Sums of Money, not exceeding' in the Whole £.60 per Centum on their original Capital

Stock of £.42,000, to be laid out in carrying the said federal Acts into exctrtion, with' Power, in case' that Stmi should' not be ffrfflfterit; to borrow* and tadcC' upat Interest any further Sri iti; not fexeteeding^1. 30,000-, on' the Credit of the Navigation and Undertaking by the’ said several Acts antitorized to be-made: and that, bV a ProvifO contained in the 1 all-mentioned 'Act it’ is1 enacted, that no Person, or Body Corporate, should ad any time be compelled to pay any of thte Money vftiicli he or they should subscribein ptfrfuihee of the same Act, unless the fuH Shm of 20^000 ihouM‘be ftbscribed for tire Purposes aforesaid; within* Six Month*' next after the passing* of the said’ Act; and that finCe the passing of the last-irientiehed Act, fe-vbral of the Proprietors of thie said intended Canal' Navigation, have agreed to subscribe £.60 pet upon their original Capital Stock, but- some others1 have refused, and no n'ew Stibferibers havel offered to' take any Shares in the said Concern; and the Monies' so agreed to be subscribed being much short of £.10,000, the P'titioners are advised, that, as the Six?' Montits mentioffed in the said l*roviso‘kre expired, the Payment of the Money so l'ubscribed cannot be enforced; and if enforced the feme would net be sufficient to complete the said Navigation and Undertaking; and that, under the Powers now* vested in the Petitioners, they are not able to ratfe ftieh-a Sum of* Money as is necessary to complete the said Navigation and Undertaking; and that, unless such Powers are granted the’ great’Sum of Money already*expended will be almost entirely loft, to the great1 Injury of the: Petitioriers; and moreover the'Public wiH be deprived*’ Of the Advantages and Utility tlrat* will arise by cifryA ing the said several Acts into execution: And there-fore' praying, that Leave' may be- given'* to bring its-a Bill to enable the Petitioners to make Orders} or Calls, upon' all arid every the Proprietors of the said Canal Navigation, for’ the- Paymetft of fneh': flirt hep Sum or Sums of Money as>* shall or may be wefeefTary*’ to complete and maintan the said navigableCut, or’ Canal, and to enforce-the Pavmerst thereof by such Wa* gs and Means, under such Regulatienis and; Re*-strictions, and in such Manner, as the Hoofe* flfall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition bri referred ttfthe Considerat ion of a Committee: Aud-that they db-e«a^ Vox* 36.

mine the Master thereof; and*repiwfi the^faiftefasrit\ shall appear to thetftV.to4 the H&ufe:

- And it is referredto Mr. Gra^kett^^Xx. Wdbrxihknit Bd&tle, &c.: And - they- ane'-to miaet To-rriOrrowr Morning, at* Ntrie of the Clocky inr thei1 Speaker^ I Chamber; and -have PoWCr !to tfemdlforriPerfous; Pa^ *

1>CPS, and ’Records.

A Petition of the- fevetal Persons, whose Namesf arc _* Ff nny thereufrto-subscribed^ Owners-’and Proprietors of, or> incJSfurel otherwise irrterested: in, the Open,* amf Common /Fidds; and othm*Commonable Lands’and Crouuds,’within *thei Parish and Liberties'of Fenny > Compton,- in: the County? of- Wanoiek', was'preferited to ’ thto HAufej and readi} r Setting forths That th^’LiandaandiGronmls of the Peti«» tioners in the said Open and Common* Fields hm inO teftrii&ed, and dispersed in ffnalliPwfeds^ in and oier the said' Fields,' and fin some Parts thereof separated hmt) dfvkfed'by the O^fevd Canal Navigation, and‘in theim present Situation are incapable-of any ctmfiderabldt Ifriproventehtl and- it would be advantageous to the several Personetiuirested therein; if thfe'feid Landiandl Grounds weredivided arid inclosed,' and specifie Shares! thereof allotted to the several'Proprietors; according-toe their respective Rights arid Interefa: And thereferee praying. That Leave may be given to bring inaBiTlf for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields; and other Commohable^Lamlitarid Grourids/in -

such Manner as to the HOufc shall Teem meet.

Ordered'.Tliatf' Leave be given to bring iri a Bih; pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And thatn Mr. Skiptcith, and Sir Charles Unite do. prepare; and

bring in, the fame. *

A Petition of the Rever.endi John Russell Greenhill, r Cottisford Clerky William Fermor, Esquire, and the Reverend:' Inclosure. Samuel Cooke, Clerki, Rector of Cottisford^ Proprietors.’ of'Lands; Tythes, and other Properties, in the Open': and Common Fields within tlfe PairHh, Precm6ts, or~

Liberties, of Cottisford; in the Cotmty of Oxfmrl; was* presented to the House, and* read; Setting forth; Thati the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, in the Open: and Common Fields of Cottisford aforesaid, lie greatly, intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are; in their present Situation, incapable of! Improvement *; and that if the said Open and Comritori Field^vand! the Common Pastures, Commen Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish, Precincts, or Liberties, -of Cottisfoj-d.aforesaid, were divided and in-

dosed, and specific Shares allotted toi each Proprietor arid Person i ntereftfed; according* to his t Property, and)

Interest therein, it would greatly improve their feveraii Estates: And therefore praying; That* Leave-may'bn given to bring ih a Bill for dividing and inClosing the Open and . Common Fieldi, Common Paftnres; Garris mon Meadows; and Commonable^ Lands; within the Parifti1, Precincts, or Liberties, of Cottisford’ aferesaidi under such Rules-and Regulations as ta: thte HouCbj shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave, be given to bring in-al Bill, pursuant* to the Prayef of the said Petition: And; that*.

M Skipieeth, the Lord Woman? and/ Lord C/tarlel Spencer, do prepare, and bring, ini* the feme.*

A Petition of several Noblemen; Gentlemeri, Clergy; - BiCngstoke Freeholders, arid others; of the Comities of* South* Canal. of Kpftnr and Surrey, whose Nantes* aare-tiierConto fiib-feribied,. was presented to the House; and read*; Setting'-forth, That the making a navigable* Canal, from tile-County of Southampton, tacommunicafee with the River Wey, in the County of Surrey, would be oft g^reat) public- Utility; and that, by. a Survey, it* appears; that a-navigtd>le Canal may. be made from- the Town - of Bajotgjhdke, i in the said County of Southampton, through. the severalParidtc^.Hamlets^or Places; of Baftngjbthe

Eajirop,

648 1° Febmarti. A. 1778.

Eafrop, Basing, MaplederwellAndweUSkewers,

Neionham, Rotherwick, Hartley Turgefs, field, Odiham, Wine field, Dogma-field, CrondaU, -

ley, Alderjhott, Ash, W Purbright, Woking, Horsell, and Chertsey, to communicate with the River IFiry, in the said Parish of Chertsey, in the County of Surrey, which will enable the Petitioners, and others, to furnish Timber for the Service of the Navy; and also to supply the London Markets with Flour and Grain at a cheaper Rate than they can do at present: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the said Town of Basingstoke, to the River Wey in the said Parish of Chertsey, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Simeon Stuart, Sir Richard Worjley,&c: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Lein A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Inclosure. thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Land, and Persons. interested, in the Open Fields and Commonable Places of 'Leire, in the County of Leicester, on behalf of themselves and the rest of the Persons interested in the said Fields and Commonable Places, was prefqnted to the House, and read; Setting forth. That it would be very advantageous to all the Proprietors and Persons interested in the said Fields and Commonable Places, to have the same divided and inclosed, and a specific Share or Part thereof allotted to every of them according to his or her Property therein, to be held in Severalty for ever: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Fields and Commonable Places, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Surfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that !r. Hungerford, Sir John Palmer, and Mr. Darker, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Towcester . A Bill to enlarge the Term of an Act, passed in the silverston "Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty King George the Se-Jtoad. cond, for repairing and widening the Road from Towcester, through Silvcrjton and Brackley, in the County of Northampton, and Jrdley and Middleton Stoney, to WefionGate, in the Parish of Weston on the Green, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cafwall, Mr. Egerton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Northallerton, A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the 03 ‘ Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, *.* An Act for widening and repairing the high Road leading from " Northallerton to the South Wall of the Church Yard ... -- " of the Town of Thirsk, and from the South East

" End of the Street called Finkell Street, in Thirsk aforesaid, to and through the Town of Eafingwould, in the County of York, to a Place called Burton Stone,

" near the City of York, and also the Road from Thirsk ?t aforesaid to Topcliffe, in the North Riding of the " County of York," and several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees appointed to put the said Act. in execution have borrowed '

a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied according to the Directions of the said Act; and that the Term granted by the said Act, and which was continued for the further Term of Five Years by an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty, relating to the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, is near expiring; and that the Tolls granted by the said first-mentioned Act , are insufficient for the Purposes of keeping the said Road in Repair, and paying off the Money, borrowed, and several other Alterations and Amendments are necessary to be made in the said Act; and that the said Road cannot be kept in good Repair, and the Money owing be repaid, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and the said Act amended and made more effectual: And therefore praying. That Leave . may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging, the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to.Mr. Daniel Sir George.

Savile, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Corning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Owners of Messuages, Lands, Northownm and Tenements, within the Township of Inclosure.

in the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York, whose Names are thereto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, within the said,

Township, there are divers Commons, Moors, and.

Waste Grounds, called Micklemofs, JIainworth Moor,

Priejiley Hill, SzoailsMoor, HMoor, and Northowram Green, and various other Pieces of Waste Ground, not distinguishable by any particular Names, containing in the Whole 600 Acres, or thereabouts; and that it would be advantageous to the said Owners of Messuages, Lauds, and Tenements, if the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to them, according to their respective Interests therein: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Goodricke and Mr. Daniel Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Owners of Lands and Shadwell Tenements, within the Manor and Township of Shad- Inci0^urc’ xoell, in the Parish of Thorner, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the said Manor and Township, there are certain Parcels of Waste Ground, called Shadwell Upper Moor, Low Moor, and Carr, containing 500 Acres, and upwards, whereon the Petitioners, and others, have Right of Common, and also several Open and Uninclosed Fields; and that the said Waste Ground and Open Fields, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; but if inclosed, and divided into specifW Allotments, would be of more equal and general Advantage to all Persons ipterested therein: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring iu a Bill lor dividing and inclosing the said Waste Ground and Open Fields, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

15, Ordered,

18 Geo. III. 3* Febmarii. 649

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Rill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Goodrickc and Mr. DanielLa/ccllesdo prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Tyne A Petition of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace in

BndSe and for the County of Northumberland, and for Henry Hexham. Errington, of Sandlwc, in the said County, Esquire, and

of divers other Freeholders and Inhabitants in the said County whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the Iloule, and read; Setting forth. That, at an Adjournment of the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held at Cambo, in the said County of Northumberland, on the 6th Day of February 1777, the Petitioner Henry Errington caul'ed to be delivered into the said Court, a Proposal in writing, under his Hand, to undertake the Building of a Stone Bridge across the River Tyne, of-pollte to the Town of Hexham, at a Place examined and approved of by Mr. Smeaton, for the Sum of £. 5,700, and at the same Time, the Agent of the said Mr. Errington proposed and undertook, on his behalf, for the Sum of £. 400, to procure and make a good, sufficient, and substantial Road, from the North Pier of the said Bridge (when built according to the Petitioner Hairy Errington'a Proposal) to the Alemouth Road, and

of the same Breadth thereof; and that the said Road, when made, should for ever thereafter be a public High Road; and to give Security, in the Sum of £g,ioo, by Bond, from the Petitioner Henry Erring-ton, for building and completing the said Bridge and Road on or before the 25th of 1780, and for

upholding and maintaining the same respectively for the Term of Seven Years, from the Time of completing the fame; and that the said Court of adjourned Quarter Sessions did accept of and agree to the said several Propol’als:andaccordingly Articles ofAgreement, dated the Second Day of June kill, were entered into by Three of His Majesty’s Juliiccs of the Peace in and for the said County, and the Petitioner Henry Errington, for building, completing, and finishing the said Bridge and . Road, according to the Proposals aforesaid; and that, at a General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held at Alnwick, in and for the said County, the 8th Day of October last, the Grand Jury, on behalf of themselves, and of several of the principal Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Farmers, within the said County, complained, that several considerable Sums of Money had been expended in building new Bridges where no County Bridges ever were before, and in repairing several Bridges within the County without having been presented by the Grand Jury, as the Lawdirects; and that a likeCom-plaint was madeto the Court of General Quarter Sessions, held at Morpeth, in and for the said County, the Fourteenth Day of January lall; and, upon the same being fully considered, it was ordered by the Court, that, for the future, no Part of the Money then raised, and in the Treahirer’s Hands, or that should be raised or collected pursuant to the Statute made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Ring George the Second, should be applied to theerecting any new Bridge as a County Bridge, within that County, without express Authority of Parliament forthat Purpose;northatany Bridge or Bridges within the said County should be rebuilt or repaired, until Presentment made by the Grand Jury at the Affixes, or Sessions, of the Insufficiency, Inconvenience, or want of Reparation, of such Bridge or Bridges, except such Sum and Sums of Money as should become payable for completing a new Bridge then building across the River Tyne, at Hexham; and that, in order that the said Contract for building such Bridge might be proceeded in, and the same never called in Question, it was ordered, that Application should be immediately made to Parliament, for an Act to enable the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Northumberland to carry into execution and fulfil the said Agreement so entered into with the Petitioner Henry Erringtonasafore-l'aifl; and that the building and fmishing the said Bridge VOL. 36.

and Road> and carrying the said Articles of Agreement into execution, would b3 of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for building a Stone Bridge over the River Tyne, opposite to the Town of Hexham, iii the said County of Northumberland, and for making a Road from the North Pier of the find Bridge, to the Alemouth Turnpike Road, pursuant to the said Articles of Agreement; and that the said Bridge, after the Term of Seven Years from the Time of completing the same may be deemed a County Bridge, and the said Road so to be made may likewise, after the said Seven Years, be deemed Part of and repaired as Part of the said Ale-mouthTurnpike Road; and under such Restrictions and Regulations, as to the House shall feeni meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ConsiderSition of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: ' 1

And it is referred to Lord Algernon Percy, Mr:

Toxvnjhend, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the principal Traders, Inhabitants, arid ioiingbrck*. Occupiers of Lands, within the Soke of Bolingbroke, gma)1 ^ebt*. and the Wapen take of Candlejhoe, i 11 the Parts of

in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in the said Soke and Wapentake, there is an extensive Tract of Country,

Part whereof borders for several Miles 0.11 the German Ocean, in which there are Forty-four Parishes, Villages,

Hamlets, and Places, besides the Three Market Towns of Spilsby, Burgh, and Waiirfleet, several of which are

rendered very populous, as Well by the Vicinity of several considerable Tracts of Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds therein, containing in the Whole 40,000 Acres, and upwards, called The Fens (whereon several Thousands of People, by Fillring, Fowling, cutting of Fewel, Reed, and other Thatch, entirely subsist and maintain themselves and Families,) as of the Sea-port Town of Boston, and by that Means carry on a considerable Trade with the Inhabitants of the said Parishes,

Villages, Hamlets, and Places; to a great Number of whom they are obliged to give Credit for finall Sums of Money, amounting in the Whole to a large Sum of Money Yearly,' who frequently refuse, although well able, to pay the same, presuming on the Discouragement with Creditors lie under, from the great Expences they are unavoidably put unto in firing for such Debts in the County Court, which is upwards of Thirty Miles distant from any of the said Parishes, Villages, Hamlets, and Places; and that, if there was an easy and speedy Method of recovering small Debts within the said Soke and Wapentake, the same would greatly contribute to promote Industry, and encourage Trade and Credit therein: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts in the Parishes, Villages, I lam-lets and Places, within the said Soke and Wapentake, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall appear just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pelham, Lord Brownlow Bertie, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Owners or Proprietors of, Thimbieby or otherwise interested in, the Open Fields, Lands, and Ed*?^oton Grounds herein after mentioned, was presented to the indoor*, House, and read; Setting forth. That within the Prirish

8 C of

IL*

650 2° Februarii. A. 1770.

of Thimbleby, in the County of ,there are certain Open and Uninclosed Arable Fields and Common. Meadows; and also that within the same Parish, and the adjoining Parish of Edling there are several Undivided Ings, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Moors, computed to contain in the Whole 2,000 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement; but if the same were inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, a considerable Benefit would thereby accrue to all the Parties interfiled therein, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes abovementioned, subject to such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pelham and Lord Brownl Bertie do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

?id*f,orne Rebecca Cracroft, Widow, Lady of the

n 0 ure. ^fanor Qf Hackthorne, in the County of Lincoln, the Right honourable George Augustus Lumley Saunderson, Esquire, commonly called Lord Viscount Lumley, Impropriator of the Tythes of Corn, Hay, and Seeds, arising from the greatest Part of the Lauds within the Parish of Iiackthorneaforesaid, and the Reverend Tilht-son Laycock, Clerk, Vicar of the said Parish, in Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Laud and other Property within the same Parish, was presented to the I Ioufe, and read; Setting forth, That, within the said Manor and Parish, are several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pallures, Heath, and Waste Lands, containing in the whole 2,654 Acres, or thereabouts^ and that the Lands of the several Proprietors iii the said Fields, Meadows, Failures, Heath, and Waste Lands, lie greatly intermixed, and are in their present Situation incapable of Improvement; and the Petitioners apprehend it would be a great Advantage to all Parties concerned, if the said Fields, Meadows, Pallures, Heath, and Waste Lands, were inclosed, and divided amongst the several Persons having Interest therein, according to their several Rights, Interests, and Properties: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pallures, Heath, and Waste Lands, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pelham and Lord Brownlotv do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Stow A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

Poor. thereunto subscribed, Proprietors, and others, Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Hundred of Stow, in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Hundred consists of Fourteen Parillies; and that the Poor therein are very numerous, and are maintained and supported at a great Expence by their respective Parillies; and that the granting of proper Powers for the better Government and Regulation of the Poor in the said Hundred, and providing a Place for their general Reception, may tend to the more effectual Relief and Assistance of such as by Age, Infirmities, or Dif-eases, are, or may be rendered incapable of supporting themselves by their Labour, to the better Employment of the Able and Industrious, to the Correction and Punishment of the idle and profligate, and to the Education of pool* Children in Religion and Industry; and that thereby the Poor, instead of being wholly supported by the Public, may contribute to the Support, Af-lillance, and Relief, mutually of each other, and be of some Advantage to the Community to which they have hitherto been a heavy and grievous Burthen: And thjere-31

fore praying the I louse to take their same into Conlklcr-ation; and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, that such Relief may be therein given to them and others, for the Time being, of the said Hundred, as to Parliament shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Staunton, Sir Charles Bun* bury, &c: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Thomas Quarry, One of the Church- ChnttChnrcK wardens of the Parish of Christ Church, in the County Mnidtesex of Middlesex, and of the Overseers of the Poor, and Poor,

several of the Truliees and Vestrymen, for putting iu execution an Act of Parliament, paired in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, more effectually to enable the Parishioners of the said Parish to purchase, hire, or erect, a Work-house, for the employing and maintaining ttie Poor of the said Parish, and for the more effectual Support and Employment of the Poor therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the said Act,

Power was given to the Truliees therein nominated, to borrow a Sum of Money, not exceeding £. 3,000, by granting of Annuities u]K>n the Credit of the said Act, and to purchase, erect, hire, alter or repair, any House or Houses, for the better receiving, employing, and maintaining, the Poor of the said Parish, and prov iding Furniture for the fame; and Power was thereby also given to the Church Wardens and Overseers of the Poor, and Veltrymen of the said Parish, to make Rates for the Relief of the Poor as they should think sufficient to answer all the Ends and Purposes of the said Act; and that, since the passing of the said Act, the Poor of the said Parish have from Time to Time so very much increased, that the said Truliees and Velirymen have been under the Necessity of borrowing not only the said Sum of £. 3000, but have besides unavoidably contrafted a very considerable Debt for the Relief of the said Poor, which they are and will be unable to discharge, unless Power be granted for raising a further Sum for that Purpose; and that the present Mode of affdfing the Mouies for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish hath been found inconvenient audoppreflive to the lower fort of Inhabitants; and there are many Houses in the said Parish let iu fepantc Apartments, or ready furnished, to Lodgers, which burthen the said Parish with great Numbers of cal'uul Poor, and from the Occupiers of which little or no Money cau be collected upon any Poors Rate made for the said Parish, to the great Detriment, of many indullrious Families, who now pay towards the Relief of the said Poor, and of the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish in general; the evil Tendency of which would bq sufficiently remedied if some further Powers were given to regulate the Mode of affeUingtlie Moniesto be raised for the Relief of the Poor, and to charge, in the said Rates, the Landlords or Owners of the said Houses let iu Tenements, instead of the Tenants or Occupiers, and to enforce t-he Payment thereof, as the Necessity of the same may require: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above Purposes, or to grant the Petitioners such other Aid as to the House shall feein meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do e.vir

mine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Harley, Sir Jo-fephMawbey, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Chamber;

GurryfacK

Road.

Highworth

Inclosure.

‘Vfeflmiofter

CourtHouse.

Hampstead

Norrcy's

Inclosure.

18 Geo. III. 2° Februafii. 5 i

Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors, Landholders, and Inhabitants, in the Parishes of Llandilo-vaur, Talley, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Carmarthen, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road from 6'urr^/acA Turnpike Gate, in the Parish o f Llandilo-vaur, in the County of Carmarthen, by New Jnn, to Llangwm, in the Parish of Talley, from thence

over Pontyrdrimmis Bridge, to the Confines of the County of Cardigan, at or near Lampeter Bridge, and irons Pontyrdrimmis Bridge to the Turnpike

Road, at or near Llandovery Bridge, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow, rugged, and incommodious to Travellers, the repairing and widening whereof would be of public Utility: And therefore praying, that Leave may b.e given to bring in a Bill for making, widening, and repairing, the said Roads, in such Manner as Parliament shall think meet and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Rice, Mr. Johnes, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Highxoorth, in the County of was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Goddard, Mr. Elioes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Justices of the Peace of and for the said City and Liberty, was presented to the House, end read; Setting forth. That the Jurisdiction of the Petitioners is confined solely to the said City and Liberty; and that there is not any Public Court-House for holding the Quarter Sessions, or tranlafting the Public Runnels of the said City and Liberty; and that it would be for the Convenience of the Petitioners, and for the Benefit of the Inhabitants of the said City and liberty, if a Court-House was built, for holding the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and transacting the other Public Business of the said City and Liberty; and that the building a convenientCourt-House will be attended with a considerable Expence; and that there is not any Provision, by the Laws now in being, to authorize the railing Money for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for erecting a commodious Court-House within the said City and Liberty.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it iha.ll appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sir Charles

Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend foe Persons^ Papers and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners of Estates, entitled, to Right of Common upon Cooks Ealing Green, VoL. 36.

and Ealing Common, in the Parish of Jtmnpfield in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Commons, in their present State, are of little Value to the Petitioners; but that the same might be greatly improved if they were divided, inclosed, and allotted araongftthe several Persons entitled to Right of Common thereon: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring iu a Bill for those Purposes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall feera meet.

Ordered, That heave he given to bring in a Bill; pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Elices, Mr. Winchcombe Hcn tleyi and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Jacob Gottfried Hippiu presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner is informed a Bill is depending, for naturalizing John Christian Dean: Apd therefore praying; that his Name may be inserted in the said Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for naturalizing John Dean be read a Second Time.

k

An ingrossed Bill for naturalising Charles Frederick Loudonfack was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title! be. An Act for naturalizing Charles Frederick London-sack.

Ordered, That Mr. ELwes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Robert Parker, Eftguire, and Mary Fouldes, John Byrom, Martha Newby, John Wilson, William Holmes, Edward Discen, Edmund Dixon, John Harrison, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed* beingOwners and Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, divers ancient Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Manor of Glujburn, in the Parish of in the West Riding of the County of York, and, in respect thereof, entitled to Right of Common upon the Commons or Waste Grounds within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That John Baynes Garfotth, Esquire, is Lord of the said Manor; and that there are, within the said Manor* certain Commons and Waste Grounds, called Glujhum Moor, containing 700 Acres and upwards; and that the Petitioners, in respect of their ancient inclosed Lands and Hereditaments within the said Manor, are entitled to Right of Common upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds, which at present produce little or no Profit, but are capable of great Improvement, and the same (if divided and included, so that they might be converted into Tillage) would be of great Profit and Advantage to the several Persons interested therein, and of public Utility: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the dividing, inclosing, and allotting the said Commons and Waste Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to- the Prayer of the said Petition: Aud that Sir George Savile, and Mr. Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Freeholders, Copy-holders, and others, having Right of Common within the Manor of Otley in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Set* ting forth, That there are certain Commons arid Parcel* of Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Otley and Newall with Cliftpu, in the Manor and Parish of Otley

aforesaid,

- Dean*

Nat.

Londonfacka

Nat.

Glufbum

Inclosure;

Otley

and

Kewall

Inclosure.'

Frampton

and

Helcy

Inclosures.

Cirencester

to

Stroud

Road*

Cirencester

to

Cricklade

Road.

65a 2° Febriiarii. A, 1778.

aforesaid* called Chevin and Nezcatl Carr, containing about Twelve hundred Acres, which, in their present State, are incapable of much Improvement; and that, if the said Commons and Parcels of Waste Grounds were inclosed, and allotted into specific Shares, to the several Parties interested therein, it would be advantageous to their Estates: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons and Parcels of Waste Grounds, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House ft tall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: and that Sir George Savile and Mr, Weddell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Wade, Esquire, Edmund Clutter* buck, Esquire, Thomas Jayne, Esquire, and Thomas Parker, and others, Owners of Lands in the Parish of Sapperton, in the County of Gluuce/ler, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, within the Tythings of Frampton and in the said Pa-

1*101 of Sapperton, there are certain Open and Common Fields, Common Lands, Pastures, Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Places* belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; but that if the same were divided into specific Allotments, according to each Person’s Right therein, and inclosed, it would be greatly for the Advantage of the Petitioners, and all Parties interested: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Chester, Sir William Guise, and Mr. Blackwell, do prepare* and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Cirencester, to the Town of Stroud,

and that Part of Rodborough Hill which leads to Dud-bridge, and also the Road leading from Cirencester towards Bijley, so far as the Bottom of Gulph , all in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Act has been continued to be put in execution to the great Benefit of the Country, and the Public in general; and that the Tolls collected thereon, together With a considerable Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been duly applied; which Sum cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in Repair for the future, unless the Term of the said Act, which (with the additional One given by the Broad Wheel Act) is near expiring, be continued, and some Amendments made to the Powers and Provisions thereof: Anil therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to tile House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackwell, Sir William GuiJ'e, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in execution an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to Cricklade in t he County of W,ilts, was presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Act has been continued to be put in execution, afld a considerable Progress has been made in amending the said Road; in the doing of which, a Sum of Money, borrowed on the Credit of the Act, together with the Tolls, has been expended, which Sum still remains due; and that the said Debt cannot be paid olf, and the Road completely repaired, and kept in Repair for the future, unless the Term be continued, and some Amendments made to the said Act; And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the' Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the t Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackwell, Sir William Guise, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at N ine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in exe- Dapdoa cution an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Wbr^ Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second," *iC* intituled, "An Act for repairing artd widening the " Road from the North End of Dapdon Wharf, i:l the Parish of Stoke next Guldeford, through G uldeford,

" to Andrew'sCrofs, and to A idjord Barthe County

" of Surrey, and from thence to Mary's Gate,

" in Arundel, in the County of Suffer," was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have borrowed considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken by virtue of the said Act; which, together with the Tolls, have been applied according to the Directions thereof, and great Progress lms been made in repairing the said Roads; and that the Term granted by the said Act is near expiring, and the said Act has theen found in many respects defective; and that the said Roads cannot be kept in good Repair, and the Money so borrowed paid off, unless the Term of

the said Act be continued, and the Powers thereby

granted enlarged: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for continuing and amending the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, us it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. George Oii/lozv, Mr. Horton, &e.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Powei; to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Commissioners of Sewers, for Holbora the Limits of lfolbomand FinjburDivisions, in the aim Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, and the Liberty

of Norton Falgate, in the County of r, and Sewos.

the Borders or Confines of the fame, whole Names are thereto l’ubscribed, on behalf of themselves and all other the Commissioners of Sewers for the Limits aforesaid, was presented to the I Ioufe, and read;

Setting forth, That, several of the present Sewers being insufficient, it would be of great Benefit to the Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Lands, within the Limits of the said Commission, if new Sewers were to be made in several Places, and the old ones deepened, altered, turned, enlarged, hnd made to communicate with the Sewers in the City of London; and that, if the Petitioners were inverted with proper Powers for making and altering such

Sewers

,aL a.

18 GeO. III. Februarii. .653

fle wers as may be necessary for the P u rpose s. a fore la id, and -for railing Money for defraying the Expences atending the fame, and were invested with further Powers, for the execution ,of the said Commission, the same would he of public Utility; And therefore praying, That l^eave may be given to bring, in a Hill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Kellrictions as to the House shall feun meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition lie referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it liiajl Appear to them, to the House:

And it is ‘referred to Sir Herbert Mr.

Gilbert, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. ' i

T6wer A Petition of the Commissioners of the Court of ReTjueft for the Tower Hamlets, and of sundry other Snol cho» Inhabitants of the said Hamlets, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That several Doubts have arisen in the; execut ion of an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more easy and u speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Tozver " Hamids " the same having, in many respects, been found itiiuHicicut to answer the Purposes thereby intended: And therefore praying. That Leave may be -' given to bring in a BJ1 to explain, amend, and render the said Act more effectual.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it . shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Herbert Mr.

Whitworth, Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Niue of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Importation A Petition o {John Guitton, Esquire, and Thomas of Com. Binjteed, Gentleman, on Behalf of the Merchants con-

r. cerued in the Importation and Exportation of Corn,

at the Port of Portsmouthwas presented to the House,

and read; Setting forth. That by an Act of the

Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation and * Exportation of Corn," it is enacted, that in case any Corn, Grain, or PJour, of the several Species therein described, shall be imported into, any of the Ports in the said Act mentioned, at a Time when the Duties thereupon are payable, it may, upon due Entry thereof, be forthwith landed, in the Presence ' of the proper Officers of the Customs, without Payment of the said Duties under the Regulations and Restrictions therein also mentioned and prescribed; and that the constant llefort of Ships and Vessels-to the said Port, the great Numher of Men employed in His Majesty’s Service, in His Majesty’s Dock Yard, in the Garrison, and in the Town and Neighbourhood, as well as in the several Trades and Manu-. factories carried on there, cause a very large Consumption of Provisions, which is further increased very considerably by its Vicinity to the general

Rendezvous of His Majesty’s Ships of War, and of Trading Vessels of all Nations; and that, for the above Reasons, the Petitionersreprel'ent, it is expedient time Corn, Grain, and Flour, should be landed in the Port of Portsmouth without Payment of the Duties, in like Manner as is permitted by the said Act in the several Ports therein mentioned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor Vol. 36.

that Purpose, under such Regulations and P.estrictions as ,to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee;: And that they do exa-.mine the Matter thereof; and report the- fumci as it iluill appear tp them, to the lloule:

And it is referred ty Mr. SucMr. . &e, Ai|d tliov are to meet To-moriou Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend fur Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in execution Reading Three several. Acts of Parliament, passed -in the Fourth to-Year of the Reign of Mis Majesty King George tile' Hofd* Eirlt, and the Ninth and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways leading from Crown Comer, in the Town of Reading, through the several Parishes of Shii}field and Heckfield, in the several Counties of Wilts, and.

Southampton, to Basingstoke, in the said County of Southampton, whose Names are, thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

Tjiat, by the said Act*, several Tolls and Powers were granted for repairing the said Highways; and the Trustees thereby appointed. obliged to borrow large Sums of Money for the speedy repairing of the said itoad; which, together with the 'Tolls collected, have been applied according to the Directions of the said Acts; yet the said Highways cannot be efleetiuifly, repaired, and the said Sums repaid, qnless the Terms and Powers granted by.;the( said Acts are further continued: And therefore . praying, That Leave may be given to bring, in.a Bill tc^enlarge the Term and Powers granted by the said Acts in such Manner as to the House. shall teem meet.

Ordered, That the; said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the Houser v:

And it is referred.tp Mr. Annejley, Mr. Waller, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Peffons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable William Earl BilKnghajr Fitzwilliam, Owner and Proprietor of Lands and Drainage. Grounds in the Parish of Billinghay, in the County of Lincoln, on behalf of himself and other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was niade in the last Session of Parliament, for dividing and inclosing certain Lands and Grounds, and for draining and preserving the Dales and Common Fen, and certain Inclosed Low Lands, within the said Parish, being the Property of . the Petitioner and others; and that several of the Banks necessary to be raised and made for draining and preserving the said Dales, Common Fen, and Inclosed Low Lands, are under the foie Jurisdiction of the General Commissioners for putting in execution an Act of Parliament,-made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Low Lands, called The Fens, lying on both Sides of the River Witham, in the said County of Lincoln, and are Part of the Works in the said lait-mentioned Act directed to be done by the said Commissioners; and that, by virtue of the said last-mention-. ed Act, the said Commissioners caused feme of the said Banks to be begun, and made a considerable Progfefs ’ towards railing the fame, but they were not completed; and, having been deserted by the said Commissioners for several Years, were daily going to Decay; and that by an Eilimate made previous to passing the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, it appeared,

8 D that

HiaOock

Indolure

654 Februarii.d. 1778.

that it would require the Sum of £. 2,029. 7 6d. to

complete the said Banks: and that, when the said Dales and Common Fen are inclosed, and held in Severalty, according to the Directions of tire said Act of the last Session of Parliament, the said Commissioners will receive an Increase in the Taxes they are authorized to raise thereon, to the Amount of £. no per Annum',or thereabouts; and that, previous to the

passing the said Act of tire last Session of Parliament, the Petitioner, and the several other Owners and Prd-prietors of I-ands and Grounds aforesaid, had reason to expert, either that the said Works would have been forthwith completed by the said Commissioners, or that, in case the Petitioner, and the other Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands ami Grounds, IliOufd complete the said Works at the it own Expence, the said Commissioners would rermburfe them such Sums of Money as they should expend therein, not exceeding in the Whole the said Sum of £.2,029. 6d.: but

the said Commissioners have, at ix Meeting holden by them at Btifion on the ift Day of July ltd!, come to a Determination not to proceed in the said Works, arid resolved, that if the Petitioner, and the said other Owners and Proprietors would complete the said Works in a proper Manner, they Humid be allowed such Sum of Mohey as should be expended therein, hot exceeding £. 1,560; and that the Petitioner, and tbie said other Owners and Proprietors, having cori-fidered the very great Loss they inuft sustain from any further Delay in completing the said Works, have proceeded in railing and making the same, arid have already expended therein a very considerable Sutn of Money, and they find the Money already expended, and which will be necessary to be expended for effectually Completing the said Works, will exceed the Sum of £. 2,029. 7 s.6rf.; nevertheless, they are willing to complete the said Works without any further Expence to the said Comrfiiffibhers, in case they shall be reimbursed the said Sum of £. 2,029. 7 And therefore praying the House to take the Matter into Consideration; and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for authorizing and enabling the Petitioner, and the said other Owners and Proprietors, to finish and complete such Parts of the said Batiks, as are necessary for draining and preserving the said Lands; and for obliging the said Commissioners to re-iriiburfe them such Sum of Money, towards defraying the Expence of railing and completing the said Banks, as to the House shall appear just and reasonable; or that they may have such other Relief in the Premisses as the House ilia.ll think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, asit shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Frederick

Montagu, tec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers* arid Records.

A Petition of Thomas D'Avenant, Esquire, and Ann his Wife, and Jane Corbett, Spirifter, Lord and Ladies of the Manor of Hinfnck, in the County of Salop. Patrons of the Perpetual Advowson of the Parish and Parish Church of Hivjlock aforesaid, the Reverend Francis Probert, Clerk, Rector of the said Parish and Parish Church, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and all other the Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Estates, within the Manor or Parish Of Hinjtock aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, within the said Manor or Parish, there are several Open Commons or Waste Grounds, containing together 600

Acres, or thereabouts, which are,' in’ their Jireferit Situation, incapable of Improvement; but if the same were divided arid inclosed amcmglt the several Owners and Proprietors thereof, and Persons itrtere'sted therein, according to their refwestfve Rights' ami Ilite-rests, it would be a irian ifeft Advantage to them, and tend greatly to the Improvement of their Estates, and be of public Utility; And therefore praying*-That Leave may be given to bring in a 15:11 for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, Under such Regulations rind Reftrfetiorts as to the House shall fecth rtieet.

Ordered, That LeriVe be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of I he said Petition: Arid that Mr. Boldwyn and Mr. Hill do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition‘of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmett, and others, Land Owners BmA, and Inhabitants of the Tov . of the (eve-

tal Parishes of Atthilm, Wro.Me>‘,

Cottflantinei I sight on, Huildwaij>\/3thlcy, Brofkleiji and Places adjacent, in the County of whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was jiretbhtdd to the House, and read; Setting furih, That a vei*y considerable Prirt of the High Road leading ftoin

lirofeley, Bent/uill, Madelcy Wood, Co.ulbrodk Dale, Arid

other Places, through the Parishes of [.eighton,

Eaton-ConJlantiHe, ami Wrctefer, to S/irett'fbury, the Cotinty Town, is very narrow, and In fanny Places dangerous arid unfale for Horses and Carriages* and tvinriot be effectually widened and repaired by the Laws in being: And therefore prttyinr, Tint Ivekve rimy He given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual repairing and widening the fame, or gVarit Inch Other Relief as to tha.

House shall feent (fleet.

Ordered, That thfe said Petition he referred to the Consideration of a Committee: Atid that they do e.xfe- mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to theih, to tl*e House:

And it is referred tri Mr. BaUiteyn, Mr. Honk inf,

&c.: And they ate to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; arid have Power to feud for Persons, Papers, and Records.

1

A Petition of TftoOiax Earl of and the Henltrapt humble Petition of the other Governors of the Ikilfef- Thanw fions, ReVenaes, and Goods, of the Free Grammar ^cfceefc School of James King of England, within the Town of Henley upon Thames, in the County of Oxford, and of the Governors of the Clairity School founded in the same Town by Dame Elizabeth Periam, Widow, and of the Mailers of the same Schools, and <rf the Mayor, Aldermen, Bridgerfien, and Burgesses, of the same Town, and the other Inhabitants thereof, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House- and read; Setting forth, That King James the First, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal Of England, bekring Date on or about the Seventeenth of December, in the Second Year of his Reign, upon the Petition of the Inhabitants of the said Town, founded a Grantriiar School in the said Town, for die Education of Youth in Grammar and other good Learning, endowing the same with certain Gbits, and Annual Rents and Stipends, going out of divers Lands and Tenement* iu Henley aforesaid, and with certain Lands purrihitfed with the Sum of £. too, given by the Will of Augufine Knapp, for that Purpose, and appointed Thirteen Governors of the same School, with divers Powers therein contained, particularly a Pbwer, with the Consent of the Lird Billion of Oxford, to make Statutes for the Government of the said School; and divers Statutes were made accordingly for that Purpose, oti or about the 24th of July 1612, with the Consent of the then Lord Bill ton of

T and

Patoey

Indofarc.

18 Geo. III.

2° Febniarii.

655

and that some Time afterwards William ,by

his Will, dated 011 or about the loth' of April 1624, gave a Messuage and Lauds to the Warden, Bridge-men, and Burgesses, of the said Town, and thefr Successors for ever, for the t'fe of the said School, to teach and instruct such Children as were or should be of or refilling witlun the said Town, such especially as be of the poorer Sort; and that the said Dame Elizabeth Peri am, about the Year 1609,. founded and endowed a Charity School in the said Town, for the Education in Writing, Rending, and calling Accounts (but not in Grammar-Learning), Clothing, and Apprenticing Twenty poor Boys of the said Town, but the same were not to exceed that Number, and the Sschool-master's Salary was, by her, fixed at only f. 20. a Year; and that the Estates belonging to the said lafb mentioned School are greatly increased in Value; but the Number of Scholars, and the Mailer’s Salary, being fixed, and the Mailer of the first-mentioned School apprehending he is not obliged to teach the Children sent under his Care in the Language,

both the said Schools are, by that Means, rendered of very little LTe to the said Town; but, if the present House belonging to the said Free Grammar School, together with the Two School-Rooms, which are incommodious, and certain Buildings belonging and adjoining, were fold and disposed of, the Money arising therefrom, with other Monies now in the Public Funds and in the Treasurer’s Hands, applied in the Purchase of a proper House and School Rooms, and the Two Schools, and the Revenues thereof united together under proper Regulations, the same Schools would be of great Advantage to the said Town and its Inhabitants: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for uniting the said Schools, and the Revenues appropriated for the Maintenance thereof, under proper Regulations; and for appointing Governors with Power, from Time to Time, to make Statutes, Rules, and Ordinances, for the Management of the fame; and for the Sale or Exchange of all and every, or any, of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, now belonging to the said Schools, or either of them, as Ibpll from Time to Time be thought nedeflary; and for investing the fame, with the Money now in the said Funds and Treasurer’s Hands, in such Purchase or Purchases as shall be thought necessary for the Use of the said Schools when united, and for making the same commodious; and for other Purposes relating to the said Schools.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the-Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr AmbleMr. &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; ana have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable Jacob Earl of Rad/ior, Lord of the Manor of Patney, in the County of Wilts;and the humble Petition of the Reverend

Henry Cookjbn, the present Incumbent of the said

Rectory and Vicarage, and of the several other Pdr-fons whose Nantes are thereunto subscribed, Oh behalf of themfdvCs and others, was presented to1 the House, and read \ Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor, several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pailures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present Situation, fere Incapable of ahy considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided, and specific Allotments ’ thereof made to the several Persons interested therein, or entitled thereto, according, to their respective Rights, Shares, aOd Interest, the said Lands and Grounds

Vol. 36.

would be greatly improved i And therefore pr&yittg*

That Leave may be given to bring f9 a Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the said Lands and Grounds, ;ih such Manner, and sub* jett to such Regulations,: qis the Hdafe shall think proper. ‘ 1 ‘

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring hi a Bill, bur Riant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. BouVerieand Sir James'Long do prepare, and

bring in, the fame. ' " J:

A Bill for di viding inclosing the several Com- Lathont

mens and Waste Grounds within the Manors of Lalhom an<L and Skelmerfdale, in the Parish of Ofin/kirk, irr the County Palatine of Lahcaster, Was lead a Second Time. fj ' ’ ,

Re/ohcd, Thdt the Bill lie1 committed to Sir Henry ' Hdghton, Mr. Grbfvenfir, &c.:. And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of tha Clock,’.in the Speakers Chamber. ' 1: ‘ ’ '

A Bill1 to enlarge the Term and Pbwers of att A$, Horsley made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Heigh of his Brir* late Majesty King George the Second, foy repairing the Road leading from Long HorjleyBar, or Gate, on °* the Boll Road near the Town of by or

through i LongHorjley, Weldon Bridge, and,

to the1 River Breamish, and from thence to Croft, in- 'the County of NorthtMberland, Was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Matthew White Ridley, Lord Algernon Percy, Ac.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. '

A Petition of Thomas 'Potoys, of U^ord, in the Achurch County of Northampton, Esquire, Lord of the Manors f®*1 of A church, in the said County of Northampton, arid Exchange* of Lilford aforesaid, and Patron of the Rectory and Parish Church of A church aforesaid, with the Vicarage-and Parish Church of Lilford aforesaid anpexed, and of Littleton, 'Powys, Clerk, Rector of the Rectory and Parish Church of Achurchaforesaid, with the said Vicarage and Parish Church Of Lilfo annexed, and 6f several of the Par ilhioners of Achurch and Lilford aforfe-said, Whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, upon Application of the Petitioners to the Bishop of Peterborough, to unite and consolidate the Vicarage arid Parish Church of Lifford aforesaid with the said Rec-for)’ ai)d Parish Church of Achurcll, the said Biftibp ifiuedhis Coirtmission to inquire into the Reasonable-ness Of the said Application, to which due Return was made, whereby it appeared reasonable that the said Union should take Place, and therefore the said Bishop did, by a certain Instrument under his Epif-copal Seal,’bearing Date the Z2d of January 1778,

ordain and decree. That the said Vicarage and Parish Church of Lilford, with all Tythes, Fruits, Profits,

Rents, Oblations, Glebe Lands, Rights, Members, and Emoluments Ecclesiastical, both Spiritual and Temporal, to the same in any wise belonging, should bar consolidated, united, and annexed to the said Rectofy and Parish Church of Achurch; and that the Profits of the yiOarage of Lifford aforesaid confili of Small ’ Tythes Oqjy, and a Right of Common belonging to ' the Vicarage House of small Value, for all which the Petitioner, the said Thomas Pmvys, pays, in‘Nature of a Corhpbfitfon, Sixty-five Pounds a Year, being the full Value thereof; and that the Petitioners, the said Thom as Poivys and Littleton Powys, have agreed, that a

Piece Of Land in Lifford aforesaid, the* Property of ' tire laid Thomas Pozoys, of the full Value of Sixty-five Pounds a Year, should be settled upon, and veiled in, the Rector of Achurch aforesaid, with the said Vicarage of JLiford annexed, for the Time being, for ever, iq

lieu

0

L.

<Ss<s

2° Februa

J. 17178.

lieu of the said Tythes and Right of Common; and that the Profits of the Rectory of aforesaid

arise from Lands allotted to the Rector thereof upon the late Inclosureof the Open Fields of /IrAz/rcA, which Lands are situate near the Town of Achurch, but ’ there is not any convenient Habitation for the Residence of a Tenant to occupy the same; and that the House belonging to the said Vicarage being

at the Distance of a Mile and a Half from Achurch ‘aforesaid, is not a convenient Habitation for such Tenant; therefore the Petitioners, the said Thomas Pouys and Littleton Poxoys-, have agreed, that the said Vicarage House, with the Homcstead thereto belonging, shall be vested in the said Thomas Powys, his Heirs and Assigns, in lieu of, and in exchange for, a Farm House and Homesteads thereto belonging, situate in Achurch aforesaid, the Property of the said Thomas Powys, adjoining to the Lands allotted to- the Rector of Achurch as aforesaid, of equal Value with, the said Vicarage House and Homestead; and that the Parish Church of Achurch aforesaid is out of Repair, and it would be of great Benefit to the Petitioners if the same was put into good Repair, and new Seats apd Pews made therein; and that, if. the Church Rates of both the said Parishes were hereafter to be applied in repairing the said Parish Church of Achurch only, the same might at all Times be kept decent, and proper for public Worship; and that the said Parish Church-of Lilford would from thenceforth become tifeless, and

it would be for the Benefit of the said United Parishes if the same was taken down (except so much thereof as the Petitioner, the said Thomas Powys, his Heirs or Assigns, ‘ shall require to be left to be used as a 1 Chapel to his Mansion House at Lilford aforesaid) and the Materials of such Part of the said Church, as shall be so taken down,'or the Money arising by the Sale thereof, applied and disposed of in repairing and new fcating the said Parish Church of Achurch, and in making such Additions thereto as shall be thought requisite; and that the Petitioners have agreed, that the said Thomas Powys shall add to the present Church

Yard in Achurch aforesaid, a Piece of Ground contiguous to the fame, containing One Acre, the Property of the said Tlwmas Powys, and shall fence in the same at his own Expence, and that in lieu thereof, the present Church-Yard of Lilford aforesaid, being less than One Acre, shall be vested in him; and that the effecting and carrying into execution the several Agreements and Matters aforesaid will be very advantageous to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That Leave may be giveu to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William IVSir George Robinson, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Lea Bridge load*.

Mr. Strutt presented to the House:, according to Order, a Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for building a Bridge over the River Lea, at or near a Place called Jeremy's Ferry i and for making, repairing, and widening Roads from thence into the great Roads at brook, in the County of Essex, and at Clapton, in the County of Middlesex :And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

ip

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names'are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors, Landholders, ~n<l Inhabitants, in the Parishes of

and Saint John's near Swaufta, in (Ik: County of Glamorgan, was presented to the llouf-, and i;er.d; Setting forth, That so much of the ancient Bond from the Town of Carmarthen to the Town of in the County of Glamorgan, as extends from the Village or Place called Cor fey nun to Neath, through the Villages of Langevelach and ft srfani/etand over the River Tawe, by a Ford, /at or near. Upper, where

formerly there was a Bridge, is for the mpit Bart in a ruinous Condition narrow in many Places, and incommodious to Travellers; and I be R iver Taxed is at all Times-dangerous, by reason of large Stones and rapid Currents, and often, rendered impiilVabie by Floods; and that the Road leading from the Town of to Upper Forest is.in many Places too narrow and out

of Repair; and that, widening and repairing the said Roads, and erecting, a Bridge over the River at

or near Upper Forest aforesaid, will be of the greatest Advantage to the Country, by facilitating the Carriage of Lime, Coal, Hay, and Corn, and forming a certain Communication at all Times, from Corfcy/ujm and SicanJca to Neath, through, w'hieh -the great. Road, from a considerable Part of the Counties of Pembroke, Carmarthen, and Glamorgan, pafles. to llrijiol and don: And therefore praying. That Lqavc may. be given to bring in a Bill for making, altering, widening, and repairing lb, much of the said, Roads as leads from Corfeynun to Upper aijd from thence to

join the Neath Turnpike Roads to Swunfca and Ynif-penllzceh, and from Upper F to a Brook commonly called the Pentre Brook, in the Road from Upper Forest to Sicanfea, near a Place called

and for building a Bridge on the fai l Road from C'or-feynan to Neath, over the River Tawe, at or near Upper Forest aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee:, And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Vernon, Mr. Rice, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Coke of Norfolk presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and iu-closing, the Commons and Walie Lands, within the Parish of Tacolneston, in the County of Norfolk: And

the same was received; and read the F.irlt Time. . Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled. /

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That, by an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for completing the " Bridge crofa the River Thames, from in

the City of London, to the oppoifite Side, in the " County of Surrey, and the Avenues thereto of the " London Side; for redeeming the Tolls on the said " Bridge, and on London for rebuilding the

" Gaol of Newgate, in the said City; for repairing " the Royal Exchange within the same, for embanking " Part of the North Side of the said River within certain Limits; and for further continuing, towanls " those Purposes, the Imposition of Six Pence per

" Chaldrou

fc

CorG-vnan,

&C.

Rood,

Tacol nefloB Incurfurr.

R<4tinfd?ng

Neugttc*

18 Geo. III. a0

" Chaldron or Ton of Coals and Culm imported into the Port of the said City, established by an Act " of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King " William, and Queen Maryand also for carrying " on the new Pavements in the City and Liberties of Westminster, and Parishes adjacent, and in the

" Town and Borough of and for other Purposes therein mentioned," the Petitioners were impowered to pull down the said Gaol of Newgate, and to dispose of the Materials thereof as they should think fit (having regard to the Health and Safety of His Majesty’s Subjects) and to build a spacious and commodious new Gaol upon, or near, the Place where the then Gaol flood, and to render the Access, as well to the said new Gaol as to the Sessions House in the Old Bailey, more easy and convenient; and the Petitioners were also impowered to widen, enlarge, or improve, such of the Streets, Ways, and Paflkges, adjoining or leading to the said intended new Gaol and Sessions House, or either of them, as they should judge necessary for that Purpose; and that the said Gaol, when built, was, by the said Act, directed to be the County Gaol for the City of London and County of Middlesex, in like Manner as the then Gaol was by Law, Usage, or Prescription; and the Petitioners were invested with proper Powers for the Purpose of building the said intended Gaol, and for the Purchase of such Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as they should judge fit to be purchased, removed, or pulled down, for that Purpose; and that, for these, and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, the Petitioners were impowered to borrow the Sum of /.i 56,000 upon the Credit of the Fund established by an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and by an Act of the Twenty first Year of the Reign of Ki the

Second in Part further continued, and by the said now-reciting Act further continued and augmented; and that, by the said now-reciting Act, a Sum, not exceeding £.50,000, was appropriated, and directed to be issued and applied, out of the said Sum of £156,000 so to be borrowed, for or towards the puiling down the said Gaol, and building a new Gaol instead thereof, and for or towards purchasing such Houses an<l Lands as should by the Petitioners be judged necessary for the Purpose of rendering such new Gaol more airy, extensive, and commodious, or for making, widening, enlarging, or improving, any of the Streets, Ways, and Passages, adjoining or leading to the said intended Gaol and Sessions House; and that, in pursuance of the Powers given by the said last mentioned Act, the Petitioners have proceeded in the Erection of a new, spacious, and commodious Gaol, and for that Purpose have given up to the Public the Freehold of a very large and extensive Tract of Ground, of considerable Value; and that in the Prosecution of this great Business the Petitioners have already laid out the said Sum of £.50,000, and have also expended the Sum of £.15,000 in erecting a new Sessions House, and the further Sum of £.6,200 for the Purchase of several Houses in the Old Bailey, in order to make the new Gaol more healthy, and the Avenues thereto more convenient; and that, if an Infirmary to the said Gaol was built, the same would greatly contribute to the Health of the Prisoners, and thereby be of great public Utility; and that, by Estimates delivered to tl»e Petitioners, it will require, over and above the said several Sums of £15,000 and £.6,200, so advanced by them, the additional Sum of £.20,000, for the Purpose of building such Infirmary, and for completing the said Works, many very great and unforeseen Expences having attended the execution thereof; and that, towards rendering the Fund, granted by the said last mentioned Act sufficient and effectual to discharge the several Debts and Incumbrances charged thereon, the same was continued and Vot. 36.

extended until the 29th Day of September 1831-; and that, if the Petitioners were enabled to raise the further Sum of £.40,000 upon the Credit of the Surplufes to arise from the said Fund, they are advised, and are ready to prove, that in such same the whole of the Debt charged thereon will be paid oft’ long before the Time allowed by the said last mentioned Act; and that, as the said Gaol is not only the County Gaol of Middlesex as well as of London, but also the general Prison for Smugglers and Debtors to the Crown from all Parts of the Kingdom: The Petitioners therefore hope that the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and impower them to raise, upon the Credit of the Surplufes to arise out of the said Fund, after Payment of all the Money already charged thereon*' the Sum of £.40,000 for the Purpose of executing and completing the several Works before mentioned; or to give them such other Relief in the Matter as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Oliver, Mr. Alderman Wilkes, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fond for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the* City of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Cojnmon Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That an Act was made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to enable the Reverend Christopher Doctor

" in Divinity, Prebendary of the Cathedral Church " of Saint Paul, London, to make and grant unto " the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the " City of London, a Lease of the Prebendal Estate " of Halliwell and Finsbury, in the Suburbs, of the " said City, for a Term of Ninety-nine Years;" and that, in pursuance thereof, a Lease was executed by the said Christopher Wilson to the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, for the said Term of Years, and subject to such Rents and Reservations as. are required) and directed by the said..Act; and that, some of the old Buildings on thqfoid Prebendal Estate have been taken down, and hew Dwelling Houses and other. Buildings erected instead thereof; and the Petitioners are proceeding to lay out the Remainder of the said Prebendal Estate into proper Squares and Streets, for the Erection of Houses and Buildings for the Ac.-commodation of Merchants and others, according to the Design and Intention of the said Act; and that the Improvement of the said Estate, will be of great Advantage, as well to the Petitioners as to the said Prebendary and his Successors, and also to the Public in general; and that proper Drains and Sewers are uecessary to be made for carrying off the Water from such. intended new Buildings, as also for draining other Parts of the said Estate; and that it would also be of great Use to the Public if the several Sewers and Drains already made, and to be made, within the Division of Finsbury, the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, and the Liberty of Norton Falgate, in the County of Middlesex, were suffered, under proper Restrictions, to communicate with, and to run and fall into and through the Sewers already made, and to be made, within the City of and that the Commissioners for the said Division have agreed to pay the Sum of £.150 a Year, as a Compensation

8 E for

Holborn

and

Finfburjr,

fee.

Sewers.

for the Benefit and Advantage to be derived to them from their having such Communication; and that, if the Commissioners for carrying into execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for consolidating, extending, and rendering more effectual, the Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing, the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the City of London and Liberties thereof, and for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, and preventing and removing Obstructions and Annoyances within the same, were authorized to defray all, or any Part, of the Expences of enlarging, widening, deepening, altering, and removing, the Sewers, public Drains, and Vaults, within the said City and Liberties thereof, out of the Rates and Assessments directed to be raised by the said Act, for the Purpose of repairing' and cleansing the public Sewers, Drains, and Vaults, which now are or hereafter shall be made within the said City and Liberties, they would be better enabled to support the extraordinary Expence which they will be put to by reason of such proposed Communication; and that, from the Narrowness of certain Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the said City and Liberties, Foot Passengers are frequently exposed to great Danger, by means of Carts and other Carriages passing through the fame, which might be prevented if the said Commissioners were empowered, in certain Cafes, and under proper Restrictions, to cause Bars, Polls, or other Fences, to be erected in such Streets, Lanes, and Passages, for the Security of Persons passing through or along the fame: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a BUI for making such proper Drains and Sewers, and for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, and with such additional Powers, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Oliver, Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

London; The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the Petition Cjty Qf London attended at the Door; they were certain* Ca"e^ j and, at the Bar presented to the House, new Streets. A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of Loin Common Conned

assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That an Act was made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable " the Reverend Chrtjlopher , Doctor in Divinity, Prebendary of the Cathedral Church of Saint Paid, " London, to make and grant unto the Mayor and " Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London, a " Lease of the Prebendal Estate of Halliwell and Finsbury, in the Suburbs of the said City, for a m Term of Ninety-nine Years;" and that, in pursuance thereof, a Lease was executed by the said Christopher Wilson to the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, for the said Term of Years, and subject to such Rents and Reservations as are required and directed by the said Act; and that some of the old Buildings on the said Prebendal Estate have been taken down, and new Dwelling Houses, and other Buildings, erected instead thereof; and the Petitioners are proceeding to lay out the Remainder of the said Prebendal Estate into proper Squares and Streets, for the Erection of Houses and Buildings for the Accommodation of

1778.

Merchants and others, according to the Besign and Intention of the said Act; and that the Petitioners apprehend it will be of great Advantage, as welt to the said Estate as also to the several Estates in Sttore-ditch, Spitalfields, and other Places thereabouts, and of public Utility, if a commodious Street or Opening for Carriages was made from Moor fields, opposite Street, towards the East into BiJhojfgate Street, and from the End of Chiswell Street, YVeftward, into Barbican; but that the Petitioners are not invested with Powers fuflieient for that Purpose: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to enable them to carry the before-mentioned Purpose into execution, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Oliver, Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker^ Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that the Chamberlain Account! of the City of London attended at the Door, he was from the called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Cha^bef pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament, London.

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans, and other Creditors, of the City of London, on the 5th Day of July 1777: And also.

An Account of Money received, and paid, in pur- fuance of an Act for building and completing the Bridge at Blackfriars, from the 28 th Day of September

1776, exclusive, to the 28th Day of September 1777, inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received, and paid, in pursuance of an Act for the rebuilding the Gaol of New* gate, in the City of London, from the 28th Day of September 1776, exclusive, to the 28th Day of September 1777, inclusive: And also.

An Account of Money received, and paid, in pur# fuance of an Act for embanking Part of the North Side of the River Thames, from the 28th Day of September 1776, exclusive, to the 28th Day of September

1777, inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received, and paid, in pursuance of an Act for making, enlarging, fife, the Vaults,

Drains, and Sewers, within the City of London, and for paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the said City, from the 28th Day of September 1776, exclusive, to the 28thDay of September 1777, inclusive: And also.

An Account of Money received, and paid, in pur- fuance of an Act for completing the Bridge at Blackfriars, and other Purposes therein mentioned; and for further continuing the Tolls upon London Bridge, and other Purposes therein mentioned, from the 28th Day of September 1776, exclusive, to the 28th Day of September 1777, inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received, and paid, in pursuance of an Act for the repairing the Royal Exchange, in the City of London, from the 28th Day of September 1776, exclusive, to the 28 th Day of September 1777, inclusive: And also.

An Account of Money received, and paid, in pursuance of the Act for more effectually completing the Navigation on the River Thames, from the 30th Day of April 1777, exclusive, to the 28th Day of September 1777, inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Lord

2° Februariu

American

Colonies.

18 Quo. III. Februarii.6§9

Lord George Germain presented tnihe House, pur-faaat to their Address to His Majesty,

N° 1. Extra# of a Letter from Lord George Germain to Sir William Howe, dated Whitehall, zzd August tj'fd: And also,

N° 2. Extra# of a Letter from Lord George Germain to Sir Guy Carleton, dated Whitehall, zzd August 1776:

And also,

N° 3. Extra# of a Letter from Sir William Howe to Lord George Germain, dated New York, 28th November 1776: Received 30th December: And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Letter from' Lieutenant General Burgoyne to Lord George Germain, dated Hertford Street, ift January 1777: Received the same Day: And also,

N° 5. Copy of Memorandums and Observations re* lative to the Service in Cafubmitted to Lord

GeorgerGermaim: Andrdfo,

N° 6. Copy of Memoranda of General Carleton to Lieutenant General Burgoyne: And also,

N° 7. Copy of a Letter from Major General Phillips to General Carleton, dated St. John's, 9th November 1776: And also,

N° 8. Copy of Disposition of Winter Quarters in Canada: And also,

N*g. Thoughts for condu#ing the War, from the Side of Canada, by Lieutenant General Burgoyne And also,

N° 10. Extra# of a Letter from Lord George Germain to Sir Guy Carleton, dated Whitehall, 26th March 1777: And also,

N° 11. Extra# of a Letter from Sir William Howe to Lord George Germain, dated New York, 2d April 1777: Received 8th May;enclosing, N° 12. Copy of a Letter from Sir William Howe to Sir Guy Carleton, dated New York, 5th April 1777: And also,

N° 13. Extra# of a Letter from Sir Guy Carleton to Lord George Germain, dated Quebec, 9th May 1777: Received 2d July: And also,

N° 14. Extra# of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Quebec, 26th June 1777: Received 3d August; codofing,

N° 15. Copy of a Letter from Sir Guy Carleton to Lieutenant General Burgoyne, dated Montreal, 10th June 1777: And also,

N° 16. Extra# of a Letter from Sir William Howe to Lord George Germain, dated New York, 5th July 1777: Received 22d August: And also,

K* 17. Extra# of a Letter from Lieutenant General Burgoyne to Lord George Germain, dated Camp upon the River Bouquet, near 22d June

1777: Received the 3d August; enclosing,

N° 18. Substance of a Conference between Lieutenant General Burgoyne and 500 Indian Chiefs and Warriors.

N° 19. Copy of a Manifesto issued by Lieutenant General Burgoyne: And also,

K* 20. Extra# of a Letter from Sir William Howe to Lord George Germain, dated New York, 15th July 1777: Received 22d August;enclosing,

N* 21. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant General Burgoyne to Sir William Howe, dated before Ticonderoga, 2d July 1777: And also,

N\ 22. Extra# of a letter from Sir Guy Carleton to Lord George Germain, dated Quebec, 9th July 1777: Received 23d August; enclosing,

N* 23. Extra# of a Letter from Lieutenant Colonel Butler, Superintendent of Indian Affairs, dated Niagara, 15th June 1777.

N*. 24. Lift of Officers employed in the Indian Department, with their Rank and Pays.

N*25. Lift of Persons employed as Rangers in the Indian Department: And also,

N* 26. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant General Burgoyne to Lord George Germain, dated Head Quar* Vol. 36.

tiers, Skeenjborough House, nth July 1777: Received 23d August: And also,

N°. 2). Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant General Burgoyne to Lord George Germain, dated Head Quarters upon Hudson's River, near Fort Edward, 30th July 1777: Received 24th September: And also,

N* 28. Extra# of a Letter from Sir Guy Carleton to Lord George Germain, dated Quebec, 20th September 1777: Received 31st October-, enclosing,

N* 29. Extra# of a Letter from Colon# Butler, dated Ontario, 28th July 1777.

N* 30. Extra# of a Letter from Colonel Butler to Sir Guy Carleton, dated Camp before Fort Stamoix, 15th August 1777.

N* 31. Extra# of a Letter from Lieutenant Colonel St. Leger to Sir Guy Carleton, dated Oswego, 27th August 1777.

N* 32. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant General Burgoyne to Lieutenant Colonel (with-

out Date).

N* 33. Extra# of a Letter from Lieutenant Colonel St. Leger to Sir Guy Carleton, dated Oswego, August 1777.

N* 34. Extra# of a Letter from Daniel Claus, Esquire, Superintendant on Brigadier s

Expedition, to Sir Guy dated OJwego,

28th August 1777.

N* 35. Copy of Beating Order to John Butler, Esquire, appointed Major Commandant of a Corps of Rangers to serve with the Indians.

N® 36. Copy of Instru#ions to Major John Butler, Commandant of a Corps of Rangers to serve with the Indians: And also,

N* 37. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant General Burgoyne to Lord George Germain, dated Camp nearly opposite to Saratoga, 20th August 1777: Received 31st October; enclosing,

N® 38. Extra# of a Letter from Lieutenant Colonel St. Leger to Lieutenant General Burgoyne, dated before Fort Stamoix, nth August 1777: And also,

N® 39. Copie d’une Lettre du Baron de Reidefel a Mi Lord George Germain, datee, Au Camp pres de Jones Farm, 28me Aodt 1777: Received 3 ift:

And also,

N* 40. Translation of said Letter.

N* 41. Continu des Instructions donnes au Lieutenant Colonel Baum par Rapport a une Expedition qu’il doit commander.

N® 42. Translation of laid Instru#ions.

N* 43. Account of an Afiair which happened near Walloon Creek, 16th August 1777.

N® 44. Relation of the Expedition to Bennington: And also,

No. 45. Extra# of a Letter from Sir William Howe to Lord George Germain, dated Philadelphia, 21st ber 1777: Received ift December; enclosing,

N* 46. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant General Burgoyne to Sir William dated Camp Fort Edward, 6th August 1777.

N\ 47. Copy of a Note from Lieutenant General Burgoyne to Lieutenant General Sir Henry Clinton, dated 23d Sept 1777: Received 5th October.

N® 48. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant General Burgoyne to Lieutenant General Sir Henry Clinton, dated 28th September 1777: Received 5th October.

N* 49. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant General Sir Henry Clinton to Lieutenant General Burgoyne, dated Fort Montgomery, 8th 1777.

N* 50. Copy of a Letter From Lieutenant General Burgoyne to Lieutenant General Sir tonx dated 27th September 1777: Received at Fort Montgomery 9th October: And also,

N° 51,

American

Colonie*.

66o 26 Februarii. A. 1778.

N# 51. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant General Burgoyne to Lord George Germain, dated , 20th.

October 1777: Received 15th enclosing,

N® 52. Copy of a Note from Lieutenant General Burgoyne to Major General Gates, and his Answer.

N® 53! Copy of a Message from Lieutenant General Burgoyne to Major General Gates, by Major Kingston.

N® 54. Copy of Major General s Proposal, and of Lieutenant General Answer.

N® 55. Copy of a Second Message from Lieutenant General Burgoyne to Major General Gates, by Major Kingston.

N® 56. Copy of Lieutenant General s

Proposal, and of Major General Gates's Answer.

N® 57. Copy of a Third Message from Lieutenant General Burgoyne to Major General Gates, by Major Kingston.

N® 58. Copy of a Message from Lieutenant General Burgoyne to Major General Gates.

N® 59. Copy of Articles of Convention between Lieutenant General Burgoyne and Major General Gates.

N® 60. Copy of the Minutes of a Council of War, held on the Heights of Saratoga on the 12 th, 13th, 14th, and 15th of October 1777.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Buller, from the Commissioners fqr executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, Account!; An Account of His Majesty’s Ships of War which Ships of War have been employed since the passing of an Act in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, *"* intituled, "An Act to prohibit all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies of New , Massa-

" chujel's Bay, &c. &c." as Cruisers for the Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and of Ireland, the Stations of such Ships, and how long ordered to continue thereon; with the Times of their going to Sea, and returning into Port: And also.

Copy of the Weekly Accounts, with the State and Condition, of His Majesty’s Ships and Vessels employed in North America, according to the last Returns received from the Commander in Chief on that Station: And also,

An Account of the Ships of War and Armed Vessels appointed as Convoys to the Trade of this Kingdom, and Ireland, since the pasting of an Act in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent all Trade and Intercourse with " the Colonies of New Hampshire, MaJJ'achuJet's Bay, " &c. &c." distinguishing the Names and Force of the Ships appointed, and the particular Dates and Services upon which they were so appointed as Convoys; together with the Notices given to the Traders of the Time prefixed for their failing, and the actual Times at which they failed respectively.

Mr. Buller also presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Lid of N° 1. General Lift of all Prisoners committed to Prisonen. jj//// and Forton Prisons? to the 30th November 1777, inclusive: And also,

N° 2. Copies of all the Warrants of Commitment, in 330 Papers; viz.

307 Commitments to JUill} p 162 (in 23 Papers) Faston\ 11 on*

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the Titles of the said Accounts, and the said Schedule, were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. ' .

The said Accounts and Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Charles Cocks presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of Ordnance and Stores in North rica, on the ill January 1774: And also,

Monthly Return of the Four Battalions of the Royal Regiment of Artillery. Woolwich, 1 It 1778.

And the Titles of the said Account and Return were read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Return do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. . i T

The said Account and Return are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session. *

; Sir Grey Cooper presented to . the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Expence of the Freight of Victuallers hired to carry Provisions to North America, from the 1 ft Day of October 1775 to the 30th of September 1777: And also,

N° 1. An Account of the Expence of the Freight of Victuallers and Store Ships, hired to carry Provisions' and Stores, to North America, for the Use of His Majesty’s Forces, from the ill Day of October 17 75 to the 30th Day of September 1777: And also,

N° 2. A particular Account of the Name and Tonnage of each Ship, of which the general Account is given in N® 1: And also,

N° 3. A Lift of the Ships remaining in the Servicd on the ill Day of January 1778; shewing how each Ship was employed, according to the then latest Advices; and also shewing some subsequent Variations.

Together with a Schedule of the said Accounts and Lift.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House;. . < <

The said Accounts and Lift are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

it 1

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copy of an Address from the Council and Assembly of Jamaica to His Majesty, dated the 21st Day of

last; with Copies of the Minutes of the Assembly, containing the Examination of Evidence, in relation to the Piftreffes that Island has been long under, and is daily suffering, for want of Protection from His Majesty’s Squadron there;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the V ords " for want of " Protection from His Majesty’s Squadron there."

And the Question being put, That the Words pro* posed to be left out (land Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put; Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that l ie will be graeioully pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copy of an Address from the Council and Assembly of Jamaica to His Majesty, dated the 2 ft Day of November last; with Copies of the Minutes of the Assembly, containing the Examination of Evidence, in relation

to

j.8 Geo. IIL 2° — 3 ° Feb661

to the Distresses that Island has been long under, and is daily fullering.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by Inch Members of this House as are of 11 is Majesty’s Moll honourable Privy Council.

C*H The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House;

c* ’« being read;

House. Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned

to tills Cay Sevennight.

Committee The Order of the Day being read, for the House

01. uie to resolve itfe If into a Committee of the whole House, C eoid-der of the State of the Nation;

Ordered, That the several Estimatcs, Papers, and Accounts, which were presented to the House, by the Lord Barrington, upon the 26th Day of November, and the 2olh Day of January lull, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the State of the British and Foreign Tioops under th'* Command of General Sir William Iloice, inc luding 11.ofe at Arte York, and Potts depending, Philadelphia, 14th December 1777, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimnte and Account, which were presented the House, by Sir Charles Cocks, upon the 27th and 2 81 h Days of November lait, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Accounts, Papers, and LIII, which w ere presented to the House, by Mr. Buller, upon the th and 6th Days of December, and the 28th and 2yth Days of January lait, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lifts and Account, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Buller, upon the 20th Day of January lull, he referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the gross Produce of the Customs of the Pebentures, Bounties, Certificates, Salaries, and Incidents, net Produce, and Payments into the Exchequer, from the Year 1760, as far as the same can he made up; diiiinguishing the Years, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were /funding out at Michaelmas 1777, with the Names of the respective Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears remain, and what Proceedings have been had to compel he Payment thereof, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Accounts, which were prefetiUd to the House, by Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs, upon the 26th Day of January lull, he referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That il.e feve ral Papers, which were presented (o the House, by the Lord North, upon the 26th Day of January lull, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Papers, Accounts, and Copies, wLcli were presented to the House by Sir Grey Cooper, pursuant to their Orders, upon the 28th Da y of January lull, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House reiblved ilself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pulsencytook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Pulteney reported from the Committee, That they had made feme Progress; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve ilself into a Committee of the wrhole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

VOL. 36.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Supply.

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Wav* Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the *"d MeanSl whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to Ills Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Aborning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 30 die Februarii;

Anno 180 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1778:

Waters.

<VO//iV Chrijian Dean and Jacob

J took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in exe- Dapdon ciltion an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year f the Reign Wharf* of his late Majesty King George the Second; intituled;

" An Act for repairing and widening the Road from " the North End of DapdonWharf, in the Parish of " Stoke next Guldeford, through to

" Cross, and to Alfold Bars, in the county of ,

" and from thence to Saint Mary's Gate, in in

" the County of Safex,"wras presented to tlye I louse, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have borrowed considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken by virtue of the said Ailt, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied according to the Directions thereof, and great-Progress has been made in repairing the faith Roads; and that the Term granted by the said Act is near expiring, and the said Act has been found in many Re-spefts defective; and that the said Roads cannot be kept in good Repair, and the Aloney borrowed paid off, unless the Term of the said Act is continued, and thef Powers thereby granted enlarged; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and amending the said Act, in such Manner as the House-shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in execution an Act; made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening the Road from the North " End of Dapdon Wharf, in the Parish of Stoke next " Guldeford, through Guldeford, to Cross, and

" to Alfold Bars, in the County of Surrey, and from " thence to Saint Mary's Gate, in Arundel, in the " County of Suf'ex," is referred; And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of several of the Owners and Occupiers of Fortfgji Land, in the Counties of Lincoln end Cambridge, em- Oais. ployed and made Use of in the Cultivation of Oats, and of several of the Merchants and Traders concerned in the Trade thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, made in thd Twenty-second Year of KingC'/»ar/« the Second, " For " Improvement of Tillage, and the Breed of Cattle," it is enacted, that when the Price of Oats, at the Times* Havens, and Ports, when and where the same shall be

8 F imported

bl

662 3° Februdri-£17784

imported into this Kingdom, doth not exceed the Sum Merchants conerned in thelmporfaioii and Exporta-Of Sixteen Shillings the Quarter, there shall be paid, for tion of (Joi n at the Port PprtJ mouth, to the Conli-the Custom and Poundage thereof, Five Shillings and deration of a Committee, might be read;

Four Pence the Quarter, each Quarter to contain Eight And the said Order being read accordingly;

Bushels, at Eight Gallons each, and no more; but Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

when the Price thereof shall exceed the Rate aforesaid. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

at the Times and Places of Importation, that then there shell be paid for the same the Duties payable in such same before the making of the said Act; and that, by another Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, to regulate the-Importation and Exportation of Corn, it is enacted, that from and after the ift Day of January 1774, whenever the Price of middling British Oats, at the Ports and Places where Oats

fltull-be imported into this Kingdom, shall appear, according to the Methods directed by the several Acts for ascertaining the Rates and Prices of Corn and Grain imported, or as therein directed, to be at or above Sixtee'n Shillings per Quarter, all Customs and Duties then payable upon Oats imported into this Kingdom shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid, or payable during the Continuance of such Price as aforesaid; and, in lieu of the former Duties, a Duty of 1'wo . Penceper Quarter shall be laid upon all Oats imported into such Ports and Places, during the Continuance of the Price therein before mentioned; and that very considerable Tracts of Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Coupties of Lincoln and Cambridge, have been drained at a large Expence; and that great Crops of Oats, the only Com fit to be sown thereon, are annually produced from the same; and that the said Oats are very fit for the London and other Markets, and are of great Benefit to the Consumers of Oats; and that, by the Regulation of the said Act of the Thirteenth of His present Majesty, the Ports in this Kingdom are frequently opened for the Importation of Oats, at a Time when great Quantities of Oats, grown on the said Low Lands, are at Market, and ready to be sold at or under the Price as fixed by the said last mentioned Act for opening the said Ports, by which means Foreigners are enabled to import great Quantities, to the great Distress of the Markets for these Low-Land Oats, by which the same are so reduced in Price as to give no Encouragement to the Owuers and Occupiers of the said Low Lands to improve and cultivate the fame, which, if they are encouraged to do, the London apd other Markets may always depend upon a conllant Supply from the said Countries; and that, if the Importation of Foreign Oats, upon the Payment of Two Pence per Quarter, was not allowed, unless Oats were at a higher Price per Quarter than what is settled by the said Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, and if the Weight of what is to be deemed middling British Oats was fixed, it would be more beneficial to the Petitioners, and particularly so to such of them as are Occupiers of Low Lands employed in the Cultivation of Oats, who now give much higher Rents for the said Lands, and a greater Price for Labour, than at the Time of passing the said Act of the Twenty-second of Charles the Second, and be a Means of saving them from utter Ruin, giving them Encouragement to cultivate the said Lands, and secure a Permanency of Supply to the several Markets for the fame, and a proportionable Return for the Expence and Pains incurred in draining and preserving a Tract of Country so valuable and beneficial to the Community in general; . And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give such Relief as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Importation The House was moved. That the Order made Yester-of Corn. <Jay, for referring the Petition of John Esquire,

and Thomas Bitifield, Gentleman, on Behalf of the

11

Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itfdf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

A Petition of the Honourable George Hobart, Lord Welbume of the Manor of Welbume, in the County of Lincoln, Inclosur*. and Owner of certain uninclosed Heath Lauds, called The South and Middle Heath, lying in the said Parish, and of the Reverend John RidghiU, Rector of the said Parish, was presented to the Iloul'e, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the lard Parish, certain Heath Lands, called The South and Middle Heath, of which the said George Hobart is foie Proprietor; and that, if the same were discharged of Tythes, and a Compensation made to the Rector of the said Parish in lieu thereof, and the said George Hobart were impowered to inclose the said South and Middle llealh Lands, it would be of Benefit to the Parties interested:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pelham and Lord Broxailow Bertie do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Peter Sherfton, and William Norman, Westhay Esquires, Shuckborough How, Joseph Comer, Arthur Phip- Inclosur*. pf/t, and John West, and divers other Persons whose Names

are thereunto set and subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Petitioners, as Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors lying within the Parish of Mear, in the County of and as

Feoffees of the Impropriation of the Rectory of Mear, and as Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Mear aforesaid, and as Owners and Proprietors of certain.

Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Parish respectively, are interested in, and entitled unto, a Common, or Tract of Commonable Land, within the said Parish called Westhay Moor, which, in its present State, is incapable of Improvement, but that the fame, if properly divided and inclosed, may be made of considerable Value; and that it will not only be of great Advantage to the Petitioners, and all Persons interested therein, to have the same properly divided and inclosed, but. also of public Utility!

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the dividing and inclosing the said Common, or Tract of Commonable Land, and for such Aid and Assistance in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Popham and Mr. Phelipsdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Francis ForUfcue Turvile, of Bosworth' Idburjr Hall, in the County of Lekefter, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Idbury, in the County of Oxford; and of the incJ^urw. several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed and set, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That there are, within the Ilamlets of Idbury and Bozcld, in the Parish of Idbury, in the said County, certain Open and Common Fields, and Waste Lands, confifring of 1,036 Acres, or thereabouts, all of which, Eight Acres or thereabouts only excepted, are the Estate of the Petitioner Francis Fortefcuc Turvile, subject to certain Leases for Life, to Persons

whole

18 Geo. Ilf. Februarii.

-whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and that the said several Lands and Grounds lie intermixed and dif-perfect, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and the dividing and inclosing the same would be of great Advantage to the Petitioners, and also of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, and indoling the Common Fields and Waste Grounds of Idbury and Bozvldaforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House fha.Il seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BiH, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Ix>rd Wenmanand Lord Charles Spencer do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Bocknell A Petition of Fiennes Trotman, Esquire, Lord of Indoiure. \janor Gf Bucknell, in the County of Oxford, and Owner of Lands and Commons in the Open and Common Fields, called Bucknell Common Fields, in the Pari :h of Bucknell aforesaid; and the Reverend Bobert Bitter, Clerk, Red or of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, certain Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, called Bucknell Common Fields, the Whole of which (except some small Pieces or Parcels of Glebe Land) are the Property of the said Fiennes Trotman, and the said Pieces or Parcels of Glebe Land belong to the said Robert Fitter, as Rector of BuckneU aforesaid; and that, if the said Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, were divided and allotted between the Petitioners, according to their respective Properties therein, and the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioner, the said Fiennes Trotman, were discharged from Tythes, and a Compensation made to the Rector of the said Parish, in lieu thereof, and the Petitioners were empowered to inclose the said Lands and Grounds, it would be a great Benefit to their several Estates: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, T\\?A Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Wen man, Ix>rd Charles Spencer, and Mr. Page, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

White Chapel A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Road Side, in Paviag. the Parish of Saint Mary White Chapel, in the County of Middlesex, and others, using the Foot-paths of the Road Side, in the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Foot-paths on the Sides of the said Road, in the said Parish, are much frequented both by Night and by Day, being one of the greatest Avenues to this Metropolis, and are, for the moll Part, in a ruinous State: and that it would not only be of great Convenience to the Petitioners, but of public Utility, to have such Paths pavedjinder the Direction of the House: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for these salutary Purposes, under such Regulations, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall judge moil proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Hayley, Mr. Alderman Wilkes, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Dirty lane^ Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parishes of

in Saint Mary Matfel'.on otherwise WhiteChapel, and Christ

WFavij^P*1 dlurch> 'n the County i>f Middlesex, and of other Persons. Occupiers and Inhabitants of - Houses and Teste-Vot. 36.

ments In Brick Lane, and other Avenues from White-Chapel to Spital Fields, was presented to the House,-and read; Setting forth, That there is in the said Parish of White Chapel, an Avenue, called Dirty Lane, leading from the High Street, near White Chapel Church, into Brick Lane-, Spital Fields, which is a great Thoroughfare, but much too narrow and dangerous for Carriages, and incommodious to Passengers; and that the *

Part of Brick Lane, from Dirty Lane aforesaid, to Church Street, is likewise too narrow: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for widening and improving Dirty Lane, and such Part of Brick Lane as is before mentioned, under such Regulations, and by such Ways and Means, as to the House shall seem meet;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Hayley, Mr. Alderman Wilkes, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Chancellor; Mailers, and Scholars, Oxfofd of the University of Oxford, was presented to the University House, and read; Setting forth, That John Bampton, Eftatfc. late of the Close of the Canons of the Cathedral Church of Saram by his Jail Will and Testament, bearing Date the 24th Day of December 1750, gave and bequeathed unto his Wife Catherine Bampton, inter alia, all his Copyhold Lands, or Estates, both in Fofiefiion and Reversion, in Nunton and Bo or either of them, or elsewhere, within the Manor of in

the said County of Wilts, to hold unto his said Wife, during the Term of her Widowhood only, and from and after her Marriage, or after her Decease, provided Ihe continued in the State of Widowhood during the Remainder of her Life, then he bequeathed all his said Copyhold Lands or Estates, both in Possession and Re-verlion, with their and every of their Appurtenances in Nunton and Bodenham, or elsewhere, within the said Manor of Doxonton, unto the said Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars, for ever; and that, the said Catherine Bampton is since dead, whereby the said Estates are now vested in the said Chancellor, Mailers, and Scholars, and their Successors; and that all the said Estates* so devised to the Petitioners, which are Copyhold, are held of the Manor of Doxonton, in the County of Wiltst subject to the Payment of certain Fines, Heriots, and Quit-rents, to the Lord of the said Manor, or his Lessee, and also to certain Fees to his Steward; and that the Petitioners, being a Body Corporate, cannot be admitted to the said Estates without great Prejudice to the Lord of the said Manor, and are desirous of exonerating and discharging the said Estates from the Payment of all Fines, Heriots, Quit-rents, and Stewards Fees, and are willing to pay the Lord of the said Manor, or his Leflce, for the Time being, a certain perpetual Annual Sum, in lieu thereof; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to exonerate and discharge the said Estates from the Payment of all Fines, Heriots, Quit-rents, and Stewards Fees, now chargeable and payable thereout, and to charge the same with a certain perpetual Annual Payment in lieu thereof; and for such other Purposes as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Page, Sir Roger Nezvdigate

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition

Doncaster

Streets.

Dinington

Inclollire.

664 30 Februarii. A. 1778

A Petition of several Owners of Estates, and prin- . A Petition of , of Gat ley Park, in the Artley

cipal Inhabitants, within the Town of Doneafer, in the County of Hereford, M. B. and of the Reverend Tho-West Riding of the County of York, was presented to mas Dunne, Clerk, A. M. Rector of other-the House, and read; Setting forth, that the Foot- wife Mart ley, in the Diocelc and County of WorceJtcr, paths within the said Town are not properly paved, \vas presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, and in many Places very inconvenient to Passengers; That the Petitioner is seised in Fee of the Advowson, and that the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other public Donation, Nomination, Prefeutation, free Disposition,

Passages and Places, are not properly cleansed, and'are and Right of Patronage, of and in the Rectory or >

subject to various Nuisances and Encroachments; and Rectories of the Church or Churches Parochial of that a great Number of Carriages are daily passing and Marketer), otherwise and of A relev, otherwise

re-passing along the Streets of the said Town; and Arely otherwise in the said County of

that the Entrances from the High Sheet into Baxter- Wore with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenan-gateand Scot Lane, arc very narrow and dangerous; ces thereunto belonging; and that-the Petitioner and, in order to render the same safe and commodious, mas Dunne now is t he lleftor and Incumbent of it will be necessary to take down Four Houses, Two in ley, otherwise /;and the Reverend Thomas

Baxtergate, in the Possession of Thomas Atkinson and non, Cjerk, is the present Rector and Incumbent of Joseph Morin/, and the other Twro in Scot Lane, in tive Arete/otherwise Arely Regis, otherwise King's Arely, Possession of Benjamin Myres, Ann Pillin, John Olcffield,. aforesaid; and that the Rector of Markeley, ot herwife and John Baccus; and that the Entrances from the far Mart ley, hath of late presented to the Rectory of the Market-place into Fishergate, and the Street leading Church of Areley, otherwise Arely Regis, otherwise from the Market-place into Laitligates, are likewise King's Arely, but by what Pretence, or Claim of Right, very narrow and dangerous, and in order to render cannot be iuRiciently ascertained; and that, prior to them safe and commodious it will be necessary to take the said late Instances of Presentation by the Redtors down Part of Two Houses, one at the Corner of Fisher- of Maotherwise Mart ley, those Persons who have

gate, in the Possession of John Siffons, and the other at had the Advowson and Right of Donation of the said the Corner of the Market-place adjoining the Street Church otherwise

leading into Laithgates, in the Possession of 7homas Arely, and from whom the Petitioner Martin Dunne Rimmington; and that it would be a great Benefit and deriv es his Title to such Advowson and Right of Do-Convenience to the Inhabitants, and all Persons resort- nation, have presented thereto as of Right, without ing to the said Town, if the said Foot-paths were pro- any Interference or Claim of the Redtors of the said perly levelled and paved, and the said Streets, Lanes, Church of Markeley, otherwise Hartley, as such, to pre-Alleys, and other public Passages and Places, cleansed, font to such Redtory and Church of ,otherwise and all Nuisances and Encroachments therein removed, Arely Regis, otherwise Kings Arely; And that the Pe-and prevented for the future, and the Entrance into titioners are desirous that the Redtors of Markeley, the aforesaid Streets made safe and commodious: And otherwise Hartley, for the Time being, shall no longer therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring exercise the said supposed Right of Patronage.; bi*t in a Bill for the effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, that the same shall be confirmed and vested in the Pain such Manner, and under such Regulations and Re- irons of the said Church of Markeley, otherwise Mart-liridlions, as to the House shall leem meet. ley, for the Time being: And therefore praying, That

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for confirming Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- the Advowson, Donation, Nomination, Presentation mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it free Disposition, and Right of Patronage, of, in, and shall appear to them, to the House: to, the Redtory of the Church of otherwise

And it is referred to Sir George Savile, Mr. Lascelles, Arely Regis, otherwise King's Arely, with its Rights,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Members, and Appurtenances, in the Patrons of the . Nine of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Redtory of the Church of Markeley, otherwise Hartley,

Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. for the Time being, in such Manner as to the House

shall seem meet.

A Petition of his Grace the Duke of Leeds, Lord Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Paramount of the Manor of Dinington, in the County Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-of York, and the humble Petition of Anthony St. lager, mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

Lessee of Two Third Parts of the Great Tythes, of shall appear to them, to the House:

Robert Athorpe Athorpe, El’quire, Lord of the said And it is referred to Mr. Lygon, Mr. Ilungcrford,

Manor of Dinington, in the County of York, and of &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at the Reverend John Clarke, Rector of Saint Leonard's, Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and and Vicar of Saint John's, in Dinington aforesaid, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re* of several Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the cords.

Open, Arable, Meadow, Pasture, Common, and Wade

Grounds, in Ihe Township of Dinington aforesaid, was A Petition of several Owners of Lands and Estates Roufl-r.cb presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the Manors and Parishes of Rovjlench and the Lands belonging to the respective Proprietors in the Hublench, in the County of whole Names are

Open, Arable, and Meadow Grounds, in theiaid Town- thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and the r„c ship, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Ef-are at present incapable of any considerable Improve- tates within the Manors and Parishes aforesaid, was pre-ment; and that if Power was given toallot, or divide, and fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That indole, the Open Fields, Carr Meadows, Commons, there are, within the said Manors and Parishes, several and Waste Grounds, within the said Township, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, same would tend to the Benefit and Advantage of all and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, are Parties concerned: And therefore praying, That Leave . incapable of any eonliderable Improvement; and that may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes afore- if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Al-luid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as lotments thereof made to the several Owners and Perth;: House shall think proper. fons interested therein, according to their respective

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill, Rights, Shares, and Interelis, it would be a great Be-pursuunt to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that nefit to them: And therefore praying, That Leave Sir George Savile and Mr. Hungerfurd do prepare, and may be given to bring in a Bill for div iding and in-bring in the fame. doling the said Common Fields Common Meadows,

Commons,

18 Geo. III. 3* Februa 66$

Common*, mid Waste Ground*, undei* such Regula-tionsaa shall be thought equitable and just.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lygon and Mr. Foley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

t. Saviour’s A Petition of several of the Trustees for an Act, So«tbwark passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Poor* lieign, for enlarging the present, or providing a new, Workhouse, for the Use of the Parish of Saviour, Southwark, and for regulating the Poor in such Work* house; for widening King Street at the Entrance into the High Street, Southwark; for making a Carriage Way from the said High Street, through the Inn, into Queen Street, and for improving the Passage from thence into Gravel Lane, leading towards the Black Friars Bridge Road, in the Parish of C'hri/l Church, was pretented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are, by the said Act, empowered to porcbafe and take down Two Houses at the South Corner of King Street, in the Borough High Street, with Sheds, Slaughterhouse, and Rakehouse, behind the tame, in the Occupation of John Mitchell, William Worthy, and Richard Holden, whereof only the said Bakehouse was in the Occupation of the said Richard Holden; and that the Dwelling House of the said Richard Holden, situate in the said Borough High Street, and adjoining to the said House of the said William Worthy, is so intermixed and connected with the other Houses and Premites authorized to be taken down, that the tame, being built of Wood, and in a ruinous Condition, will be in Danger of falling, and Part of the Ground whereon the same (lands will be necessary to be used in making the said King Street as wide as it ought to be for Accommodation of the Public; and that the Petitioners are, by the said Act, also empowered to take down Part of the Greyhound Inn and Two Houses adjoining in the said Street, in order to make a commodious Opening towards Duke Street; and that the Intentions of the fiud Act would be rendered more complete if Power was given to purchase and take down a House and Premises adjoining to one of the before-mentioned Two Houses, and alto the remaining Part of the said Greyhound Inn on the North Side, and likewise Part of a Public House and Premises on the North Side of the West End of Duke Street aforesaid: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to complete the above-mentioned Openings, by such Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the tame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred te Mr. Howard, Sir jfo/eph Mawbey, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Small* a Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants,

Lijhthouse. of t j|e Corporat ion of Trinity House of Deptford Strand, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of Queen Elizabeth, the Petitioners were empowered to erect Beacons, Marks, and Signs, for the Sea, needful for avoiding of Dangers, and to maintain the fame, in such Manner as in the said Act is mentioned; and, by virtue of Letters Patent of the said late Queen, the Office of Beaconage and Buoyage is now vested in the Petitioners, together with all Fees, Advantages, Profits, and Rights, payable or appertaining to that Office; and that there being some very dangerous Rocks, called the Smalls, lying in Saint George's Channel, the Pe-Vot. 36.

titioners have been requested by many Hundreds of Merchants, Traders, Owners, and Mailers of Ships, nfing or interfiled in the Navigation of George's and the Brjflol Channels, to cause a Light-House,

which hath been erected on one of the said Rocks, to be repaired, or a new one instead thereof to be erected upon such of the said Rocks as the Petitioners should adjudge to be most beneficial to Navigation, and con. fenting that, for the defraying the Expences attending the fame, and the Maintenance thereof, and of Lights therein, reasonable Duties might be inlposed and taken, for or in respect of all Ships and other Vessels which should pass to, from, by, or near, the said Rocks, or in Sight thereof, or might have any Benefit by the said Light-House or Light-Houses,'or which should pass be* tween Cape Clear, in the County of Cork, and the Land's End in Cornwall, and so up the British Channel Eastward of the Hie of Lundy, or Haven, or

passing Milford Haven or Linney Point, in the County of Pembroke, or the Smalls, in any Direction within Twelve Leagues of the said Light-Houses or Beacons; and that the Petitioners have taken into Consideration the said Requell and Consent, and are of Opinion, that such a Light-House will be of great public Utility, and tend to the Preservation of His Majesty’s Navy, and have therefore resolved to cause the present Light-House to be repaired, and a Light to be exhibited therein for the Safety of Navigation, in case they shall be enabled to defray the Expences attending the said Light-House, and the Maintenance thereof, and Lights therein, by Receipt of such Duties as shall be sufficient for those Purposes; and that certain Letters Patent, under the Seal of His Majesty’s Exchequer, containing a Grant of the said Rock to John Phillips,

Esquire, for a Term of Fifty Years, and all the Estate,

Powers, and Authorities, derived under the fame, and also the said Light-House, are now vetted in the Petitioners for the Residue of the said Term, by the Consent of the Patentee, and others interested therein, for the Purposes prayed for in this Petition: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Petitioners to collect Duties on Ships and other Vessels passing within certain Limits, adequate to the Purposes aforesaid, and for annulling and vacating the before-mentioned Grant, and for vesting in the Petitioners, and their Successors and Assigns, for ever, the said Rocks of the Smalls, and the said Light-House, subject to an Aunual Fee Farm Rent to be payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. James, Mr. Mauger. See.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition Mkldlefe* of the Gentlemen, named in the Commission of the 8efl"n Peace for the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by Letters Patent, dated the 7th Day of June, in the Seventh of James the First, the King granted a Piece of Ground, situate in Saint John Street, in the County of Middlesex (reserving for a Way on every Side of the said Piece of Ground Twenty Feet of Assize) to the Use of Sir Thomas Lake, and divers other Persons, then Justices of the Peace for the said County, and their Heirs, to the Intent that the fame, and all Buildings thereupon to be erected thereon, should for ever be used as a Session House, and for the assembling therein of the Justices of the Peace of the said County, and for the keeping 8 G of

666 3* Februarii. r;

of a lYifon or Cof rection-House, in Mannar therein expressed, to be holden of the' King, Iris Heirs, and Successors, as of the Manor of East Greenwich, in Fealty only, arid Free and Common Soccage; and that, soon after the Date of the said Letters Patent the present Session I lonfe for the County of known by the Name of Hic/cs Hull, was built on the said Piece of Ground; but the same being found not spacious enough for a Prison and House of Correction as well as a Session House, the Justices of the said County purchased another Piece of Ground in the Parish of Clerkenwell, and thereon erected the present Prison and House of Correction; and King James the Putt, by other Letters Patent, dated the 10th of Ai/gujl, in the Seventeenth Year of his Reign, approved of thus having the Prison and House of Correction in Cltrkenwell, and granted that the-Buildings so erected in the Parish of Cltrkenwell fhemld be a Prison and Gaol for the County of Middlesex; 'and that the said Building, called Hicks Hall, hath been ever since the Erection thereof Xifed as a-SCfliori House for the Justices of tile Peace for the said County; and that, in the Construction of Hicks Hull, the Parts are so 'ill adapted to the PuPpdfes of its Erection, that the Business of the Sessions of the Peace for she County of Middlesex hath tohg been carried on under the greatest Difficulties, and the Structure itself is now in a very ruinous State; and that the Justices have not any public Fund out of which they can ’defray the Expence of repairing or rebuilding the Session House, nor is there any Provision by the Laws-now in being to authorize the railing Money for that Purpose; and that the Noblemen and Gentlemen named in the’ Commission of the Peace for the County of Middlesex have been several Limes publicly convened, to take into Consideration the Necessity of building , a new'Session House for the said County, and at’a very full and relpec-- table Meeting have, from the State and Situation of the!;pTefent Building, determined that a new Session House is absolutely necessary; and that the Ground on which the present Session Horise Hands is, in many respects, inconvenient, and not sufficiently large for the Erection of a Session House thereon suited to the Brifiness of the said County; and that there is Ground of sufficient Extent, eligible as to its Vicinity to the Gaols belonging to the said County, and commodious in many other respects, which may be obtained at a veryreasonable Rate for this Purpose: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners, and all other Persons named in the present,' or to be named in any1 future, Commission of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, to take down the present Scflihn House, to fell and dispos'e of the Site as well'd* the Materials thereof, or otherwise to convert the fume to such Uses as they shall find convenient; to purchase a proper Piece of Ground, to erect a new Session House for the said County thereon; and to raile a Fund to defray the Expences thereof; as also to enable them, from 'Lime to Time to repair fitch new Session House; or that the House will grant them fuel) Relief as to them flmil leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter Thereof; and report the fame, as it lhaft appear to them, to the House:

' Ami it is referred to Mr. Alderman Wilkes, Sir Herbert Mackworth, &c.: And they are to meet 'Tommorrow Morning, at Nina of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber}' and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Record’s.

Small ij1^ P*'1'011 she Inhabitants of the Division of e tfc Finsbury, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Nmn- her of houses and Inhabitants is, of late Years, greatly ificreased, and is now much increasing in the said

Division; and that1 a’great Number 6f Trades and' Bufinefl’es (mostly Retail) are carried on ‘by Persons residing within the said Division; and that many Debts under Forty Shillings are contracted by, or become due to, such Persons, which amount to a large Sum of Money Annually; and that the erecting a Court for the Recovery of such Debts, in a summary way, with as little Trouble, and at as l’mall an Expence to the Parties, as possible, would contribute much to promote useful Credit, and to encourage beriefieiAl Fnduftly, and would be of fiugular Advantage to the Inhabitants, and others, living or trading within the said Division r And therefore praying, That LeavG'ntay be given to bring in a Bill for the etecting a Court for the Recovery of Debts under Forty’’Shillings, ih a summary way, in the said Division.. , - .

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: A hid that they do examine the Matter thereof; arid report ’tfieTmne,. as if shall appear to them, to the House:: '

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Wilkies, Sir Herbert Mackworth, &c.: And they are to meet' To-morrow1 Morning, at Nine of the Clock,- iti the Speaker’s* Chamber;, and have Power to fend for Persons,:Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Longi for naturalizing Francis Long, was read a Second N*n Time, ’ ': ' 1

Rejolted, That the Bril be committed to Mr. Alderman Wilkes, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to rrieetf this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's' Chamber. '

A Petition of Edward Wafts, Esquire, Lord of the’ Hai lbp Manor and principal Proprietor of Lands in the Iadoiwe. Parish of Hanjlop, in the County of Buckingham, and

of several other Persons, Owners of EftStes, or Otherwise interested in the Open Lands1‘within-the said Parish, was presented to thte Hotffe,)Aridr6fld; Setting* forth, That there are within the said'P&rifli; several Open Common- Fields, Meadbw 'and Pasture La'mte, which might be greatly hnpfoved if fhfe famfe werte inclosed and divided into specififc-Allotments: Arid therefore praying, Thar Lett maybe given1 to bring in a Bill for these Purposes.; —

Ordered, That Leave l?e give tv to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the'laid Petition: And that Mr. Grenville and Sir William Wake do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Reverend William Fell, Clerk, Sheepy Rector of the North and So.uth Med ie ties of the Parish Tylhe<* Church of Sheepy, in the County of and also

Patron of the perpetual Advowson of the said North and South Medieties_ of the said Parish Church of Sheepy, John Holden, Esquire; Lord of the Manor of Great Sheepy, and a Proprietor of Lands there, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, also Proprietors of Lands in Great Sheepy aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Parish of Sheepy confilts of the V ills of Great Sheepy, Little Sheepy, Ruttclif/ Culey, and The Mithe; and that, in the Parish Church, which Hands in Great Sheepy, there are Two Rectories’, the one distinguished as the Rectory of the North Mediety, and the other as the Rectory of the South Mcdiety, of the Church of Sheepy, and there is all’o a Church or Chapel in Rattcli/f Culey; and that, on the 7 th of

April 1659, Articles were entered into between the Ix>rd of the Manor of Great Sheepy, and the Rectors of the said North and South Mcdieties of the Parish Chun h of Sheepy aforesaid, and the Proprietors of l^uids in the Vill of Great Sheepy, for the Purpose of dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Undivided Lands in the said Manor and Vill, and for ascertaining the 16 Rector's

t8 Geo. III. 3° Februarii. 667

Rector’s Demand for Tythes within the said Vill; and th these Articles were carried into execution, and the Lands fevered and inclosed, and have ever fmce been held and enjoyed accordingly; and that a Money Payment, of One Shilling by the Acre, was fixed to be paid lo the Rectors of the said Medieties, in lieu of all Tythes arising from the said Lands; and it was by the said Articles agreed, that the Division of the said Lands, and the Rate of Payment to the said Rectors for Tythes, should be confirmed by a Decree in Chancery; but it does not appear that any such Decree was ever obtained; but there is a very ancient attested Copy of an Agreement, signed by the Lord of the said Manor, and the said Rectors and Land Owners, dated the 15th of Junuary 1660, shewing their Consent to, and Approbation of, the said Payment in lieu of Tythes, and of the Division of the said Lands; and that the said Money Payment of One Shilling by the Acre, in lieu of Tythes, has, from the Year 1659 to the present Time, been regularly paid; the Lands were inclosed on the Faith of such Agreement, and have ever since been considered as exempt from Tythe in Kind under such Payment; and that the Parish Church of Sheep}/ aforesaid, and the said Chapel of

Culey, are at the Distance of One Mile, or thereabous, from each other; but the Parsonage Houses of the said Two Medieties are near together in Great one

of which hath, at a very considerable Expence, been repaired and greatly improvedbythe Petitioner William Fell, and the other hath been long in Decay, and Part fallen down; and that it will be for the Benefit of the Petitioner the said William Fell, and no Injury to any one, if the Parsonage House belonging to the said North Mediety of the said Parish Church of Sheepy, be taken down and discontinued, and the said Rectories of the said Two Medieties consolidated; and that it will be a great Benefit to the present and future Rectors of the said Parish Church of Sheepy, if an Exchange of a certain Part of the Glebe Land belonging to the said Parish Church, lying at a Distance from the said Parsonage House, which the said William Fell hath agreed to make for other Lands lying contiguous thereto, be confirmed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for confirming and establishing the said ancient Composition in lieu of Tythes, and the said Exchange of the said Lands, and for uniting and consolidating the said Rectories, in such Manner as to the House fha.Il seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-. mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Pcncys, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and base Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

yar; Mr. Hungerford presented to the House, according

Si ilton to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing locloture. the Opt 11 Fields, Meadows, and Commons, in the Lordship of EartShillon, in the county of :

And the same was received; and read the Fil'd Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Taunton A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Road*, execution Two Acts, made. One in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for amending the several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, and the other in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for explaining and amending, and likewise for enlarging, the Term and Powers granted by a certain Act of Pail:ament, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, Y01. 36.

" An Act for amending several Roads ieading from " the Town of Taunton, in the County of and also of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Somerset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money at Interest upon the Credit thereof, but that the said Roads are not yet repaired; and that the said Acts, and the Powers thereby given, are in many respects defective, and the Tolls insufficient for the Purposes intended; and that unless such Defects are amended, the Tolls increased, and the Term and Powers of the said Acts enlarged or repealed, and a new Act granted, the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired and widened, nor the Money borrowed be repaid; and that the Roads through the said Town of Taunton, and also the Roads from a certain Direction-Post in Widcotnbe Moor, by Tlolmen Clavel, to the Castle of Rock, other-W'ife Neroch, and from the said Qfxwel, over

Brown Down, through Street Ash Lane,(fhard, and also from the said Direction-Poll over Blqpf to

Wellington, and from Alhclney Bridge to Burroiv *

all in the said County of Somersetare in a ruinous Condition, unsafe for Travellers, and cannot be effectually repaired and amended by the Laws now' in being; and that it would be of great public Utility if the same were properly repaired and amended: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Termed Powers of the said Acts, for amending the Defects thereof, and increasing the Tolls; and for repairing the said Roads through the said d own of Taunton, and also from the said Direction Poll in Widcombe Moor, by to the

Castle of Roch, otherwise Neroch, and fcpm the said Holmen Clavel, over Brown Down, through Street Ash Lane, to Chard, and also from the said Direction Post over Black Down to Wellington, and from Alhelney Bridge to Burrow Bridge, in the said County of Somerset, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet j or that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing the said Acts, and also for effectually amending the Roads in the said Acts mentioned, and the said ether Roads above described, in such Manuer as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Phelips, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freehold- Ta*^j°s" ers, and others. Inhabitants of the County of , R

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the last preceding Petition; And setting forth. That a certain Road from Hendy Cross to Hurtroiv Gate, being about

Three Miles in Length, is ruinous and out of Repair, and cannot be effectually amended by the Laws now*in being; and that the same is Part of the great Road from Taunton to Minehead, in the said County, and would be of public Utility if thoroughly repaired, and would complete and unite the Line of Turnpike Road from Taim'on to Minehead aforesaid: And therefore praying, That the said Road from Hendy Cross to Ilartraw Gate may be. comprised in the said Act intended to be applied for, and that the same may be repaired by the Powers and Authorities to be granted by the said intended Act.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Inhabitants of the Ditto. County of Somerset, whose Names are thereunto sub-

feribed,

668 3 0 Februarii.A. 1778.

scribed, was also presented to the House, and read; like-wife taking Notice of the said first:mentioned Petition; and setting forth. That certain Roads from Gate, through Up Cheddon, to Volis Cro/s, and from Cheddonfttz-pain to Kingston, in the said County of So-merfet, are ruinous and out of Repair, and cannot be effectually amended by the Laws now in being; and that it would be of public Utility to have the same repaired: And therefore praying. That the said Road from Pyrland Gate, through Up Cheddon, to Volis Cro/s, and from Cheddon-filz-pain to Kingston, may be comprised in the said Act intended to be applied for; and that the same may be repaired by the Powers and Authorities to be granted by the said intended Act.

Taunton A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in

Road*. execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

" passed in the Twenty-fixlh Year of the Reign of his " late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing " and widening the Road from the Halfway House, in the Parish of Ijower Compton, in the County of

" set, through the Towns of Yeovil, Crewkerne, and " Chard, to the Eall End of the Town of in the County of Devon, and several other Roads " round the Town of Yeovil, in the County of Somerset,

" and for amending Two Roads leading from Vagg " Hollow, in the Parish of , and the Road from " Chard to Cheeseioay Ash, and from Dozen to

" Perry Street, in Chard, and from thence to the Turnpike Road, near Tylherleigh in the said County " of Dorsetfand others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said lirft-mentioned Petition; And setting forth, That the Road from a certain Direction-Post, in Widcombe Moor, by Clavel,

over Brown Down, through Street Ash Lane, to Chard in the said County of Somerfis in a ruinous Condition, ttnfafe for Travellers, and cannot be effectually repaired and amended by the Laws now in being; and that it will be of public Utility to have the same repaired and amended: And therefore praying, That the said Road from the said Direction-Post in Widcombe Moor, by Holmen Clavel, over Brown Down, through Street Ash Lane, to Chard, may be repaired and amended; and, by a Clause or Clauses to be contained in the " said Act so intended to be applied for, may be put 'under the Direction and Management of the Trustees appointed, or to be appointed, by the said Acts of the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty and the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for putting the same in execution, within and for the District oflioads leading from Hajleborough through

the Towns of Crewkerne and Chard, to the East End of the Town of Axminster, and from the West End of the said Town of Chard to the Honiton Turnpike Road at CheeJ’eway Act, and from White through

Perry Street, to Tylherleigh; and may be added to, and made Part of, the said District, under and subject to such Powers and Authorities, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Diu°. \Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders,

and other Inhabitants of the County of Somerset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said first-mentioned Petition; and setting forth. That the Road from Shoreditch, in the Parish of Taunton Saint Man/Magdalen, through the Parishes of Pitminfer and Corse, to Whiford Gate, in the Parish of Staple-Jitz-pain

in the said County, is much out of Repair, and in great Decay, and cannot be effectually amended by the Laws now in being; and that it would be of great public Utility to have the same repaired by the Powers to be granted by the said intended Act: And therefore praying, That the said Road from Shoreditch, through the said Parishes of Pitminfer and Corse, to Whitford Gate,

21

in the said Parish of Staplefttz-paiu, may be comprised in the said Act intended to be applied for; and that the same may be repaired by the Powers and Authorities to be granted by the said intended Act.

And the said Petitions were severally ordere d to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in execution Two Acts, made,

One in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for amending the fr-veral Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset-, and the other, in the

Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for explaining and amending, and likewise for enlarging, the Term and Powers granted by a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending several Roads leading from the Town of " ton, in the County of Somerset/ and also of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the County of whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: Aud they are to examine the Matters of these Petitions; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting Firebead, in execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Kin the Second,

for repairing, amending, and widening the several Roads leading from the Red Pof, in the Parish of Five-head, through the Towns of Langport and Somerlon, to ivcll, and also from Curry Rivell to Lane,

and from Carey Bridge to Street Cross, in the County of Somerset, and also of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the said County of Somerset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in execution, and have borrowed several large Sums of Money upon the Credit thereof, which together with the Tolls, have been duly applied according to the Directions of the said Act, and great Progress hath been made in amending the Roads; but the same cannot be effectually repaired, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act are continued and enlarged, and the said Act altered and made more effectual; and that the Roads from the Side of the Turnpike Road on Hambridge Green, in the said Parish of Curry Rivell, over East-Moor, through the Parishes of Kingsbury Episcopiand South to

join the Jlminster Turnpike Road at White Cross, and from Burrow to Gaw Bridge, in the Parish of Mar lock, and from Rock House, in the Parishes of North Cinry and Curry Mallet, to the Red Lion in the Parish of Hatch Beauchamp, and from Great Copland Gate, in the

Parish of Broadway, through the Parishes of Garland, and Staple-fttz-pain, by Clavel, to join

the Turnpike Road in the Parish of leading from Honiton to Taunton, all in the said County of Somerset, are in a ruinous Condition, much out of Repair, and uufafe for Travellers, and cannot be effectually amended by the Laws in being: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for altering and making the same more effectual, and also for repairing the said other Roads above-mentioned, in such Manner as to the Iloul'e shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cousideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Phelips, Mr. Grenville,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning,

at

Shcpton

Water,

&c.

Roads.

Tawty Iridic.

18 Geo. -III. 3* Februarii. 66 g

at Nine of the Clock? in the Speaker’s Chamber; given to bring in a Bill for building the said Bridge, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re- in such. Manner, and under such Regulations, as td -

cords. the House shall feftn meet.

Ordered, That the said ^Petition be referred to the A Petition of several of the Traftees for putting iri Consideration of a Committee: ^.nd that they dd execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of examine the Matter thereof; and report the fatne, as . the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, it shall appear to them, to the House: for repairing and widening the several Roads therein And it is referred to Sir Herbert. Mackworth, Mr. mentioned, leading to and from the Towns of SheptonRice, &C;: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn-Mallet and Ivelchester, in the County of Sonicrfet, and ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

also of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re-and other Inhabitants, of the said County of Somerset, cords.

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented.

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Truf- A Petition of the several Persons, whose iCatn.es are. faylorsj tees of the Ivelchester District, named in the said Act, thereunto subscribed, being Master Taylors within the sfeertaining

Which is distinguished by the Name of the Ivelchester City of London, and within "Five Miles thereof, on be- t*ie‘r Turnpike Road, have proceeded to put the said Act in half of themselves and other Maher Taylors within the execution, and have borrowed several large Sums of Limits aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read;

Money upon the Credit thereof, which, together with Setting forth, That by Two. Acts, one made in the Se-the Tolls, have been duly applied according to the Di- venth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and rest ions of the said Act; and great Progress hath been the other in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present, made in amending the Roads; but the same cannot be Majesty, several Penalties and Punishments are inflicted effectually repaired, and the Money borrowed repaid, upon Master Taylors, and other Persons exercinng the -tmless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act Business of a Taylor within the Limits of the said Acts, are continued and enlarged, and the said Act altered for giving, and upon Servants or Journeymen in she and made more effectual: And therefore praying. That said Business for receiving, any greater tyage^ than by Ix*ave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the said Acts are directed; and that it hath been found and enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, by Experience, that the compelling the Petitioners to and for enlarging or abridging, altering, and making give the same Wages to all the said Journeymen indif-the same more effectual, in such Manner as to the House criminately is attended with many Inconveniences, and shall i'ecm meet. tends to prevent Emulation amongst the Journeymen

Ordered, Tint the said Petition be referred to the Taylors, and is a great Discouragement to all those of Coni: deration of a Committee: And that they do exa- superior Diligence and Abilities in their Trade, who, on mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it that Account, are frequently induced to fitter ipto Until appear to them, to the House: ' Combinations, and to leave, their Work, to tn? great.

And it is referred to Mr. Phelips, Mr. Grenville, Detriment of the Petitioners, and Disappointment of tic.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, their Custoifters: And therefore praying the ’House to at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; take the Matter into Consideration; and that Teave may and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re- be given to bring in a Bill for altering and amending Cords. the Provisions contained in the said Acts, relative, to

ascertaining and fixing the Wages of Journeymen Tay-

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Free- lors, within the City of and within Five Mile?

holders, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants, of the thereof, and which inflict Penalties and.Ppnishment*

Town and Parillt of Swansea, and the Parts adjacent, for Offences touching the fame; qr that the Petitioner? in the County of Glamorgan, was presented to the may have such other kelief in the Premises as to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the To\vn and House shall seem meet.:

Parish of Swansea, and the Parish of Uanfamlet, in the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the County of Glamorgan, and the Parts adjacent, lying on Consideration of a Committee: And that they jlo expand near to the River Tazoev, are very populous, and mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it full of Mines and Manufactures; and that the only shall appear to them, to the tddufe: , .

Communication betwixt the Country lying on each And it is referred to Sir Herbert Mackworth, Sir Side of the said River, is by Means of a Ferry, which Charles &c.: And they are to meet To-

is attended with many Inconveniences and Difficulties, morrovy Morning, at Nine of the Clock1, in the especially at Time of high Tide; and that if a Bridge Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Per- , was erected aerofs the said River Tazcey, at or near Llys ‘fons. Papers, and Records.

Neivydd Mar fit. in the said Pari lb of Llanfamlet, to or,

near Place 1/ Marl, in the Parish of Llangei'dach, in A Petition of several Proprietors of Houses and London* the said County, with proper Avenues or Roads to Lands, and principal Inhabitants, of the Manor, and Norton Faig’at* the fame, the luhabitauts of the said Town and Pa- Liberty of Horton Falcate, other wise Norton Folio/, in rish of Swansea, and the said Parish of Llanfamlet, the County of Middlesex, on behalf of thgmselves and

and other Parts adjacent, ns also the Mines and Trade the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Manor and Liber-bf that Part of the County of Glamorgan, would be, ty, was presented to thetHouse, and read; Settipg forth, thereby greatly benefited and accommodated, and a That Ifie said Manor and Liberty is an ancient Manor thort. eaty, and commodious Communication would be and Liberty, and great Part thereof is extrarparochial,' opened between the said Town aikl Parish of Swansea,- and the same is the first Place in the County of Mid-and the said Parish of Llanfamlet, ami the Country dlesex out of the City of on each Side of the adjoining; and that the said Bridge would also open, Way adjoining to Street Without, and the

a Communication with the great Turnpike Road that high Street thereof leads from the City of London, in leads throughout the County of Glamorgan towards the Bishopsga Street Without, to the great Northern Road Metropolis; and representing to the House, that, from by Shoreditch Church, and to and, many other,

the local Situation of Sican/ca and the Country ad- populous Places, and extends Westward near to Moor-t joining, which is surrounded, in a great moasure, by ‘fields, and Eastvyard and that the

the Sea on one Side, and Two Rivers on other Sides, several Streets and other publie-Places within that Part the Communication proposed by the intended Bridge of the said Manor and Liberty which is extra-parochial, is particularly necessary, and would be particularly are exiremely ill paved, and greatly obstructed by Polls, ufcfirl: And therefore praying. That Leave may be and annoyed by Signs, Spouts, and Gutters, and other Vol. 36. 8 H Encroach-

3° Februafii.' A. 1778,

Encroachments, projecting into and over the fame; and that the Sewers, Gutters, and Drains, throughout the said Manor and Liberty, are under I he Direction of the Commissioners of Sewers for the Division of and

Fin/bury, in the said County of , and which are

not of a sufficient Depth to convey off the Water, by which Means the Cellars and lower Offices are overflowed j and that the Commissioners for putting in execution so much of an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for consolidatitig, extending, and rendering more effectual, the Powers granted by several A«Ss of Parliament, for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing, the Vaults* Drains, and Servers, within the City of and Liberties

thereof, and for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, and preventing and removing Ob-flruClions and Annoyances within the same, upon Application made to them by the Petitioners, have already made a Drain or Sewer in Bishopsgate Street, with a view to the draining the said Liberty of Norton to

the Expence whereof a considerable Landholder within the said Liberty has contributed a Sum of Money for the extraordinary Expence of digging the said Shore to a sufficient Depth, for the Purpose of draining that Part of the said Liberty; and it would he highly advantageous to the Petitioners if they were empowered to make proper Drains and Sewers throughout l hat Part of the said Manor or Liberty of Norton Falgate, to communicate with the said Drain or Sewer in bishopsgate Street, at the Expence of the several Owners of the I-ands and Tenements, and of the Inhabitants w ithin the said Liberty, by which Means only, the Petitioners apprehend the same can be effectually drained; and that Part of a Passage, called Magpie Alley, and Six Houses and a Workshop on the West Side of Blojfom Street, lie in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, and in that Part of the said Mauor which is parochial; and it would be advantageous to the Inhabitants thereof, and to the Public in general, if the same were included in that Part of the said Manor which is extra-parochial, for the Purposes of this Act; and that the High Street within the said Liberty is the great Thorougldare from the City of London to the Northern Road, and the paving and keeping the Pavement of the said Street in proper Repair will be attended with a very great Expence; and that the several Works before mentioned will be advantageous to the Petitioners, and of great public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for paving and repairing the said Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places; and for making, enlarging, and ameuding, the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers within such Part of the said Manor or Liberty as is extra-parochial, and Part of a Passage called Magpie Alley, and the Part of Blojfom Street abovementioned, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Herbert Mack worth, Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and

have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Persons, being Merchants, Dealers, Manufacturers, Shopkeepers, and others, within the Parities of Otley, Ilkley, Oddingham, Wejion, -

lev. Addle, Harewood, Kirkby Overblow, Collingham, Thomer, and Kirkby Malzeard, and the Townships of Patcley Bridge, and Dacrezvith Buerley otherwise ley, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That extensive Trades and Manufactures are carried on with*

in the said Farishes and YotVnship hv Persons residing or dealing the re, many of wlumi frequently contract Debts under Forty Shillings, and, all hough well abic, refuse to pay the same, presuming on the Difficulties their Creditors lie under in filing their Debtors: And therefore praying, That Leaiemay be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and l'pcedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the said Parishes and Tow inhip, under such Rules and Regulations as to the House that! seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Daniel Lascelles, Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of William Masterman, of Grays Inn, in fngflbv’* the County of Middlesex, Esquire, on behalf of John Ingilby, Esquire, an Infant under the Age of Twenty-one Years, was presented to the I louse, and read; Setting forth, that Sir John Ingilby, late of in the County of York, Baronet, deceased, made his Will,

bearing Date the nth Day of June 1770, and thereby gave and, devised all his Manors of llipley, Lucre, ami North Deighton, in the said County, with their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, and also ray Park ,with the Appurtenances, and also all his Freehold Messuages, Lauds, Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments whatsoever, situate within the Towns, Villages, Hamlets, Parishes, and Precincts of llipley. Ska-row, and divers other Places, in the said County to the Use of Sir Bellingham Graham, Baronet, and

liam Danby Esquire, and the Petitioner, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns for the Term of 1,000 Years, without Impeachment of Waste, upon Trust, for raising the several Annual and other Sums of Money therein mentioned; and from and after the Determination of the said Term, to the Use of the Laid John Ingilby and his Assigns, for his Life, without Ini-' peaehment of Waste, Remainder to Trustees, to preserve the contingent Remainders, Remainder to the Use of the First and every other Son of the said John Ingilby, in Tail Male, with divers Remainders over; and that the said Sir John Ingilby was, at the Time of making his said Will, and at his Death, as Lord of the Manor of Ripley aforesaid, seised of and entitled to the Soil and Inheritance of a Waste or Common, called otherwise Skalwray Moor, within and Part of the said Manor of Ripley containing 384 Acres, or thereabouts* subject to an Eftray upon the said Common for 160 Sheep at all Times of the Year, to which Waller four, Esquire, is entitled, and also subject to a Common of Pasture, which Thomas Grimston and Elizabeth Etcfon are entitled to upon the said Common, as appurtenant to a Messuage or Tenement, and 21 Acres x Rood and 27 Perches of Meadow or Pasture Ground; and that the said Sir Bellingham Graham, and the Petitioner, the only acting Trustees under the Will of the said Sir John Ingilby, conceiving it to be for the Benefit of the said John Ingilby and those claiming in Remainder under the said Testator’s Will, to have adequate Portions of Land allot led and assigned to the said Walter VavaJbur, Thomas Grimston, and Elizabeth Etcfon, ii\

Exchange for and in lieu of such their respe&ivu Rights and Interests in and upon the said Common, dic{ enter into a Treaty with the said Walter f 'avajbur,

Thomas Grimston, and Elizabeth Etefon, for that Purpose; and that the said Walter Favajbur, in consideration of having let out and assigned to him a Piece or Parcel of Ground, Part of the said Common, contain-, ing by Admeasurei^ient 47 Acres, bounded by his am

cient

1$ Geo. III. 3 Februari671

dent Inclosurei in the Townflnp of South and the ancient I nclofilrcs late of the said Sir John in the Township of Ripley, called Ruddings and brongh Pasture, together with Two Closes of ancient inclosed I and, called Ruddings, late the Estate of the said Sir John Ingilby, containing, by Estimation, Three Acre* One Rood and Twenty-eight Perches, situate at Burthicaite, and now or late in the Occupation of James Dujfield, with the Appurtenance*, has agreed to relinquish all his Right and Interest in the Kefidue of the said Common, in favour of the said John

by, and tliofc entitled in Remainder after him, to ti»e Taid Manor of Ripley, and the% other Estates devised therewith, by the Will of the said Sir John Ingilby as aforesaid; and that the said Thomas Grimston and Elizabeth Etefun have also agreed, in consideration of having let out and atligned to them a Piece or Parcel of Ground, other Pnrt of the said Common, containing, by Admeasurement, Five Acre* and One Rood, bounded on the North-East by the Portion of Common so allotted to the said Walter Vavafour, on the South-Kali by an ancient Inclosure called Blake}/ Pasture, and on the South-West, North, and Nortli-Well, by the restdue of the said Common, to relinquish all their Right and Interest in the Kefidue of the said Common in favour and for the Benefit of the said John Ingilby, and those entitled in Remainder after liiin, to the said Manor of Ripley, and the other Estates devised therewith by the said Will; and that the said Sir Bellingham Graham and the Petitioner, and the said Walter vavafour, Thomas Grimston, and Elizabeth Etefun, did, on the aforesaid Treaty, enter into diver* Agreements relating to the making, repairing, and maintaining, of the Fences of the said Allotments, and certain Roads and Watercourses leading through, or coming into, the fame; and that, by an Order of the Court of Chancery, bearing Date the iqth Day of December last, made in a Cause instituted for carrying into execution the Trusts of the Will of the said Sir John Ingilby, on the Petition of the said Sir Bellingham Graham and the Petitioner, it is ordered, that it should be referred to Mr. He ford. One of the Masters of the said Court, to inquire whether it would be for the Benefit of the Persons interested in the Estate of the said Sir John Ingilby, under his Will, to apply for an Act of Parliament, to establish the said Agreement; and that, pursuant to the said Order, the said Master made his Report, bearing Date the zoth Day of January last, and thereby certified that he had considered of the said Agreement, and upon the Evidence laid before him, was of Opinion that it would he for the Benefit of the Persons interested in the Estate of the said Sir John Ingilby, under his Will, to apply for an Act of Parliament to establiili the said Agreement; and that, by another Order of the said Court of Chancery, made the 31st Day of January last, it is ordered, that the said Matter's Report should be confirmed, and that the said Sir Bellingham Graham and the Petitioner should be at liberty, at the Expence of the Estate of the said Sir John Ingilby, to apply for an Act of Parliament for establishing the same Agreement, and carrying the same into execution: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose above mentioned, with stich Clauses, Powers, Provisoes, and Restrictions, as to the 1 lonfe shall seem proper and expedient.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Daniel Eafcellesand Sir John Goodricke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Cazcnovt’j A Petition of James was presented to the

at* IToufe, and rehd; Praying, 'I hat Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring iu a Bill, ac-

Yot. 36.

cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Barrow and Mr. Elwes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy^ Freeholders, CrumbalA Tradesmen, Manufacturers, Farmers, and other principal Inhabitants, refitting within the Hundreds df gM>n Grumbalds Ash and Pucklechurch, and in the several Parillies, Precincts, and Hamlets, of Iron

Acton, Raingxoorthy, Yate Bitton, Frampton

Cotterell, Haidtamt Oldland, and Wintcrbourn, in the County of Gloucester, and in the several Parishes of Bathford, Balheafton, Catherine, and in

the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read} Setting forth, That, in the several Hundreds, Parishes, Precincts, and Hamlets above-mentioned, there are carried on considerable Trades and Manufactories, which employ a great Number of Persons, many of whom contract small Debts, which they refuse to pay, presuming on the Difficulties their Creditors lie under in recovering such Debts by the Laws now in force 5 and the Petitioners apprehend, that an Act for the more speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds, Parishes, Precincts, and Hamlets aforesaid, would tend to the Advantage of the Manufacturers, Labourers, and industrious Poor, in the said several Hundreds, Parishes,

Precincts, and Hamlets, by the Promotion of useful Credit, and the Encouragement of Industry: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the several Hundreds, Parishes,

Precincts, and Hamlets, aforesaid; or that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Barrow, Sir William »

Guise, kc.: And they are to meet To-morrofv Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Trades- Ditte, men, Manufacturers, Farmers, and other principal Inhabitants, residing within the Hundreds of Grumbalds Afi and Pucklechurch, and in the several Parishes,

Hamlets, or Precincts of Marf/field, Iron A don, Raing-icorthy, Yate Bitton, Doynton, Frampton Cotterell,

Hanham, Oldland, and Wintcrbourn, in the County of Gloucester, and in the several Parillies of Bathford,

Batheaston, Catherine, and Swanfwickin the County of Somerset, was also presented to the House, and read; containing the same Allegations and Prayer as the preceding Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the last preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it iha.ll appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Barrow reported from the Committee, to whom Sewn the Petition of several Proprietors, or Persons inte- Fisheri«. refled in, the Fisheries in the River Severn, below Gloucester Bridge, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition: and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Richard Mai/hfield, a Fisherman, being examined, said, that further Powers and Regulations are wanting for better preferring the Fisheries in the said River;

particularly

'6'ia I'Februarii. A. 1778.

particularly with respect to the1 Putt Fisheries; for m the Months of March and Aprils the young Fry 6f Salmon return from the fresh Water, where they are spawned, down the River Severn towards the Sea; and that the Putts'being placed on the Sides of the River, the Months. of which are Twenty-one ‘Feet round and about Seven Feet high, great Quantities of the said Fry are taken in the said Putts, and an Engine called a Diddle, being plaeed with-in the Putt, they cannot pass through, but are de-'stroyed in those Months; but that if the Diddle was removed, -and the Bottom or lower End of the Putt was only cross-fprowed, there would be sufficient Room for the said Fry to pass through the same unhurt, and -which-would be the Means-of preserving the Spawn and! Fry of Fish.

Mr. William Woolves, a Fisherman, confirmed the *above ‘Evidence; and added. He hasfeen great Quan-rtities-of the -Spawn and Fry of Fish destroyed by tire said Diddle.

- Mr. John Jephfon said, That the ‘Penalties and ?Mode Of Conviction prescribed by the former Acts, with respect to the Putt Fisheries, are insufficient; and that other ‘Penalties are necessary in order effectually -to-preserve-the'Spawn and Fry of Fish.

Ordered, That it be an Jnflrubtion to the Gentle-»men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill *for repealing ‘fo much of Two Acts, passed in the First Year of-Queen , and Thirtieth Year

of King ‘Charles the Second, as relates to the Size of ‘the'Meflies of Nets, and to the Length of the Nets, to beufed in the River Severn, below Gloucester Bridge; and for better regulating the Fisheries, and preserving >the Spawn and Fry of Fish, in the said River, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for preventing the <1Destruction of the Fry of Salmon and other Fish in the said River Sev, by Potts, or other Engines.

Hagwieh A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and capital ur* Burgesses, of the ‘Borough of in the County of Essex, on behalf of themselves, and of several Owners -and Mailers of Ships, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Harbour of Haricichis the only safe Harbour for Ships of War and large Merchant Ships, between the River Thames and Scotland, and of great Utility, especially in Time of War, -not only to the large Merchant Ships trading to the Baltic and Norway, but also to that moll valuable Branch of Commerce the Coal Trade; whore, formerly, -Ships of any Burthen could even gt low Water run into and secure themselves from violent Storms or the Enemy; and that the Petitioners have had many Complaints from the Trinity Pilots, Captains of the Packets, and many Commanders of Ships, of the ruinous State of the said Harbour; and if Powers were given to open and cleanse the Harbour, and Entrance thereto, and erect proper Works for the Security and Preservation thereof, it would be of great Advantage to the Petitioners, and all others resorting thereto; and that the opening and cleansing the said Harbour, and Entrance thereto,' and the erecting proper Works for the Security and Preservation thereof, and keeping the same in due Repair, will be attended with a considerable Expence: And therefore praying. That I^ave may be given to bring in a Bill lor the Purposes aforesaid, subject to such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall appear proper and necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Rigby,

itc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Moras-2,2

ing, at Nine of the Clock,’in file Speaker’s -Chamber; and have Power to land for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committbe-are-to have Voices.

A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of BolnWi I^ands and Estates within the Manor and Parish of Inclot"e-Bolnhurfi, in the County of Bedford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf Of themselves add others, was presented to the House, arid read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, several Open and Common Fields, and Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, 'which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that there are also within the said Manor and Parish, a large Quantity of ancient Inclosnres, all which are subject to the Payment of Tythes; an! that, if the said Open and Common Fields, and Urt--inclosed Lands and Grounds, were divided and incloled, and specific Allotments thereof made to the -feverril Owners and Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights, Shares, and Interests* and the said ancient Inclosures were wholly exonerated -from the Payment of Tythes, it would be a great -Benefit to the several Owners and Proprietors thereof* and all other Persons interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, and also Tor exonerating Ihe said ancient Inclosures from the Payment of Tythes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That 'Leave be given to bringin a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord ‘Ongley and Mr. Whitbread do prepare, and-bring

in, the fame.

The Earl Verney presented to the Mriufe, according Hardwick* to Order, a Bill for dividing arid inclosing the Opeh and Common Fields, Common MeadoWs, Com mob Grounds, and Commonable Lands, withhi the T-owft-flvip and Liberties of Hardicicke, in the County'df Buckingham: And the same was received; and readr the First lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Seeorid Tirtie.

Sir William Wake prelen ted to the House, accord- Stocking of ing to Order, a Bill for regelating the Stocking of k Nawnnj certain Piece of inclosed Failure Ground, ‘called Nazeing Wood, or Nazeing Park, in thb Manor and Parish of Nazeing, in the County of Effck; and fbt keeping the Fences thereof in Repair: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read ft Second Tirrie.

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been Lighchouse. informed of the Contents of the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Allillants of Ihe Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Sttond, which was this Day presented to the House, and referred to the Consideration of a Committee, gives His Corifent, as far as His Majesty’slnterest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

A Bill for repairing the Highways and Bridges in wigtoua the County of Wigtoun, was read a Second Time. Road*

Revived, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles ai,d Dundas, Mr. Dundas, Ike.: And they are to meet this U, K "et-Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Lord North, by 1 lis Majesty’s Command, ac- Hf-nVv quainted the House, That His Majesty, having been Th-W* informed of the Contents of thq Ptition of Thomas School*. Earl of MaccLsJicld, and the humble Petition of the

oilier

Titclmarsh

Inclosure.

BoAucpton

Inclosure*

18 Geo. 111. FebruariL 3

other Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods, of the l;ree Grammar School of James King of England, within the Town of Henley upon in the County of Oxford, and of the Governors of the Charity School founded in the same Town by Dame Elizabeth Periam, Widow, and of the Masters of

the same Schools, and of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bridgemen, and Burgesses, of the feme Town, and the other Inhabitants thereof, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, which was Yesterday presented to the House, and referred to the Consideration of a Committee, gives His Consent, as far His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Sir William Wake reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing arid inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Titchmarsh, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 508 Acres and 3 Roods, who are also entitled to 18J Cottage Rights, who refuted to sign the Bill; and also except the Owner of One Cottage Right, who could not be found; and that the W hole of the Lands and Grounds intended to be inclosed, consists of 3,031 Acres and 1 Rood; and there are 71$ Cottage Rights; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s. Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Winchcombe Hartley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Grounds, in the Hamlet or Tything of ton, in the Parish of Chipping Lambourne, in the County of Berks, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Fourteen Acres and Three Roods of Land, who refiifed to consent to the Bill; and also except the Pro-

?rietor$ of several small Pieces of Land, containing en Acres, who live very remote, and had not been applied to, or could not be found; and that the Whole of the Lands, intended to be divided and allotted, con fills of 615 Acres or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where <he Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; Vol. 36.

and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be irigrossed.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of the Theatre in New-Street. in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Wanoick, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Proprietors of the said Theatre, was presented to the House; and read; Setting forth. That the said Town is very large and populous, and a great Number of Persons of considerable Property reside therein, and many of the Nobility and Persons of Distin6tion live in the Neighbourhood thereof; and that several considerable Manufactures are carried on within and near the said Town, which occasions a great Resort thereto of Persons of Rank and Fortune, particularly in the Summer Season; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if a public Theatre was legally established, for performing Plays and other Entertainments of the Stage, in Birmingham, during the Months of June, July, Augajl, and September, in every Year, it would be agreeable to the Nobility and other Persons resorting to the said Town, and very beneficial to the Inhabitants; and that the Petitioners have, at a very considerable Expence, erected a large and commodious Building in New-Street aforesaid, which has been made CJfe of as a Theatre for some Years, and which they apprehend is the most convenient Situation for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to enable His Majesty to grant Letters Patent for licensing the said Theatre, for such Time, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Catherine Lady Stour ton. Lady of the Manor of Lower Darwen, within the Parish of Blackburn, in the County of Lancajwas presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner is the principal Owner of Estates in the said Parish entitled to Right of Common on a certain Common or Waste, called Lower Darwen Common, which, in its present State, is of very little Value to the Petitioner, and the other Persons interested therein; but that the same is capable of great Improvement, by being divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall ieem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Byng, Sir Thomas Egerton, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Keck, and Mr. Lister, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Commissioners, appointed to put in Execution the different Acts relative to the Harbour of Rye, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Works directed by the said Acts to be done, have been in a great Degree performed; but the same cannot be entirely completed within the Term of the Duties now subsisting; and that., in performing the Trusts reposed in the Petitioners, they have been obliged to contract a considerable Debt, and are informed by their Surveyors, that the several Works necessary to be done for completing the said Harbour, will be attended with a hirther considerable Expence: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the said Duties for a further Term, and for granting such Powers as may be necessary for completing the said Harbour, and keeping the same in Repair for the future/

81 Ordered,

Birmingham

New-Street

Theatre*

Lofref Darwen lackfw*

Ryfc

Harboufr

L*

Bnnney’*

Name,

674 3 0 Februarii.A. 17 7 B

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Adam Drummond, Mr. Nedham, fee.: And they are; to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of EdmundHartop Esquire, lately called

Edmund Bunney, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Sir John Hartopp, Baronet, deceased, by his Will, bearing Date the Ninth Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-nine, devised, after the Deaths Of Sarah Marsh and Ann lock (who are both since deceased) several very considerable real' Estates, in the County of to Ann

Hurlock(now the Wife of the Petitioner) the only Child of his the said Testator’s Daughter Hurlock,

by Joseph Hurlock, Esquire, her then Husband, and to

the Heirs of the Body of the said his Grand

Daughter lawfully tuning; and in the said Will is contains! a Condition, that the Person with whom the said Ann his Grand Daughter should thereafter marry should, within One Calendar Month after such Marriage, take upon himself, and use, the Surname and Arms of Hartopp, and for that Purpose should, as (bott as conveniently might be, procure an Act of Parliament, for taking, ttfing, and continuing the fame; and in Default of such Heirs of the Body of the said Ann his Grand Daughter, or the Neglect of such her Hufbartd to take upon himself the Surname, and use ot bear the Arms of, Hartopp, he gave and devised the same Estates to such other Persons, and for such other Uses, and in such Manner, as therein mentioned; and that, by the Settlement bearing Date the Sixth Day of May last, made previous to the Marriage of the Petitioner with the said Ann Hurlock, the Petitioner covenanted, that in case the then Intended Marriage should take Effect, and be solemnized, that he should and would, within One Calendar Month, or sooner, next after the Solemnization thereof, take upon himself, alllime, and bear, the Surname of Hartopp, according to the Will of the said Sir John , and bear and

use, from Time to Time, the Arms of Hartopp, and should and would use his belt and utmost Endeavours to obtain an Act of Parliament, as soon as coveniently might be, for his using, bearing, and continuing, such Surname and Arms of Hartopp; and that, on the Seventh Day of August last, the Marriage between the Petitioner and the said Ann Hurlock was duly had and l'olemnized at the Parish Church of Petit a

Village in the Territories of Geneva, according to the Form of the Liturgy of that Church, in the Presence of the said Joseph Hurlock, the Father of the said Ann Hurlock, of Thomas D' Arch, of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, Esquire, and several other Gentlemen; and that in puriuauce of the Condition in the Will of the said Sir John Hartopp, deceased, and of the Covenant in the Petitioner’s said Marriage Settlement for that Purpose, the Petitioner did, immediately after the Celebration of the said Marriage, take and use, and hath ever since continued to use, the Surname / and Arms of Hartopp, and is desirous that, agreeable to the Directions in the Will of the said Sir John Hartopp, the Petitioner, and the Heirs of his Body by the said Ann his Wife, may be empowered, by Authority of an Act of Parliament, to use the Surname of Hartopp, and to bear the Arms belonging to the Family of Hartopp: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner, and the Heirs of his Body by the said Ann his Wife, to take and use the Surname 16

and Arms of Hartopp, in pursuance of the Will of the said Sir John Hartopp, deceased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that M r. George Bridges Brudenell and Mr do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of James Hammond arid Henry RufieU, Two of the Freemen of the Town of Dover, in the County of Kent, on Behalf of Ihemselves and all other the Freemen and Inhabitants of the same Town, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the said Town, are very ill paved, and not sufficiently cleansed and lighted, and, on Account of divers Annoyances and Incroachments therein, are rendered very dangerous and incommodious; and that it would conduce very much to the Benefit, Convenience, and Safety, of the Freemen and Inhabitants of the said Town, and of all Persons resorting thereto, and travelling throngh the fame, if the said Streets, Lanes, and other Places, were properly paved, cleansed, and lighted, and kept free and clear from all Annoyances and Incroachments: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, with such Powers and Authorities, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Whitworth, Sir

Whitioorth,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the most noble James Duke of dos. Lord of the Manor of Compton Martin, in the County of Somerset, and the humble Petition of the Reverend John Hojhyns, Clerk, Rector of the Parish of Compton Martin aforesaid, and of the several other Persons whoseNames are thereunto subscribed, Tenants of the said Duke, within the Manor aforesaid, being Proprietors of, and interested in, a certain Tract of Commonable and Waste Land, lying and being within the Manor and Parish aforesaid, being Part and Parcel of the Hill or Forest of Mendipp, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Traci of Commonable and Waste Land, containing goo Acres, or thereabouts, now lies open and in common, and is, in its present Situation, subject to many Trespasses, and incapable of any Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, allotting, and dividing, the said TraCl of Commonable and Waste Land, subject to such Rules, Provisoes, and Directions, as to the House shall seem proper and requisite.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Henry St. John, Sir Simeon Stuart, and Mr. Lovel Stanhope, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish, Lordship, and Liberty, of Sap-cote, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 42. 1. 6. After " Award " to insert " but " nothing herein contained shall extend to give the Rector of

* the

Dover

Streeti.

Comptoa

Marten

Inclosurt

8apcote

Inclosure.

D«n*i

Kau

.Accounts;

Trade.

18 Geo. III.

3® — 4° Februarii.

675

" the said Rectory and Church of " Sapcote any Power to exchange

" the Parsonage or Rectorial House,

" or the Garden or Orchard thereto " belonging."

Pr. 45. 1. 19. After " the "to insert " Right honourable George Harry Earl of " Stamford, as Lord of the Honor " of Winchor any future " Lord or Lords thereof, or the Right, Title, or Interest of " the."

1. 26. After " said" to insert " Honor " and;" and after " Manor " to insert " respectively;" and to leave out " he."

1. 27. After " said " to insert " Earl, and " all and every Person and Perfoils claiming under or in Trust " for him, as Lord of the said " Honor, and the said." t*r. 46. I. 4. After " said " to insert Honor " andand after " Manor " to insert " respectively."

1. 13. After " said " to insert "Honor " and ;" and after " Manor " to insert " respectively."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question fevernllv put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish, Lordship, and Liberty, of Sapcote, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for naturalizing John Dean, was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Jacob Gottfried Hippies, which was Yesterday presented to the

I louse, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that they do admit the Petitioner into the said Bill, if they think fit.

The House being informed that Mr. Dailey, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A11 Account of the Number of Ships and

YeiTels arrived anil reported in, and cleared from, Great Britain, in the Merchant Service, from and to Foreign Parts, from Christmas 1761 to Christmas 1776, which is as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the Years: And also,

An Account of the Number of Foreign Ships and Vessels arrived and reported in, and cleared {rom, Great Britain, in the Merchants Service, from and to Foreign Parts, from Ciirijhnas 1761 to Christmas 1776, which is as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the Years.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Vol. 36.

The said Accounts arc preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 40 die Februarii; Anno 18° Georgii IIItU Regis, 17781 Prayers.

AM ESS AG E from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. Montagu: v

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Terms, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, one passed in the Seventh and the other in the Eighth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads from Oxford, over Botley Cau/eway, to in the County of

Berks, and Witney, in the county of ; without'

any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,1 the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Grounds, within the Parish of Bulwick, in the County of North-, ampton-, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, front the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Gross Produce of the Customs in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and of the Debentures, Bounties, Certificates, Salaries, and Incidents, Net Produce, and Payments into the Exchequer, from the Year 1760 to the Year 1775, being as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the Years: And also,

An Account of the Net Receipt of the Customs in Scotla?id, from the Year 1762 to the Year 1777; distin* guishing each Article, and each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Iron, Hemp, and Wood, imported into Scotland, from all Places, except America, from the Year 176010 ift January 1777,being as far as the same can be made up, together with the Gross and Net Produce of the Duties of the fame; distinguishing the Years, and distinguishing the Quantities of each Sort imported in each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Iron, Hemp, and Wood, imported into Scotland from America, Duty-free,

from the Year 1760 to ift January 1777. being as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the Years, and distinguishing the Quantities of each Sort imported in each Year: And also.

An Account of the Number of Mails imported into Scotland from America, from the Year 1760 to ill Januan/ 1777, being as far. as the same can be made up, together with the Gross and Net Produce of the Duties of the fame; distinguishing the Years, and distinguishing the Number of each Sort imported in each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of British Plantation Tobacco imported into Scotland, from the ift of January 1761 to the ill of January 1778, and the Quantity exported in the same Period, being as lar as the same can be made up, together with the Gross and Net Produce

Oxford

Road*.

Bulwick:

Inclosurei

Accounts;

Customs

in

Scotland.

Boekimpteo

Inclosure.

Long

Whatton

Inclosure.

Wakefield

to

A utter lands Roads.

6j6 4° Februar A. 1778.

duce of the Duties upon the fame; distinguishing each Year.

Mr. Milford also, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, presented to the House, pursuant to the Direct ions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of what Number of Ships from Scotland have been employed in the Whale Fishery, to Davis's Slreighls, and the Greenland with their

respectiveNames and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port they were discharged, also what Quantity of Oil and Whale Fins each Ship has imported, from 10th October 17)6 to 10th October

*777-

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Grounds, in the Hamlet or Tything of in

the Parish of Chipping Lambourne, in the County of Berks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Grounds, in the Hamlet or Tything of Bockampton, in the Parish of Chipping Lambourne, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. WinchcombeHartley do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields,- and Common or Waste Land, in the Lord Ih ip of Long Whatton, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Bejolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Grey, Mr. Onslow, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Daniel Lafcellts reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Comntpffioners appointed by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Austerlands, in the West Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said A ft was read: And,

William Scofield, the Surveyor of the Road, being examined, said. That in pursuance of the Powers in the said Act, the Trustees borrowed a considerable Sum of Money, which has been laid out in the Repair and Improvement of the said Road, and other Purposes of the Act; and he produced to your Committee, an Account of the Monies now owing, amounting to the Sum of £.6,350. And being further examined, he said. That the Term is near expiring; and that the Money now owing cannot be repaid, nor the Roads made commodious for Passengers, and kept in proper Repair, utiless the Term of the said Act is further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Aujlcrlands, in the West Riding of the County of York: And that Mr. Daniel Lascelles and Sir George Savile do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Plnmer presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three Acts, of the Third and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner, adjoining to Fnfield Chafe, in the Parish of South Mims, in the County of Middlesex, to Lem ford Mill, in the County of Hertford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Plnmer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common or Waste Ground, called North Myms Common, or Wood, in the Parish of North Myms, in the County of Hertford: And the same was received; and read the First lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

M r. Frederick Mon tagu reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Heath, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Great Billing, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclbfure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Two Persons, who are Owners of One Yard Land and an Half; and that the Lands to be inclosed, consist of Forty-eight Yard Lands and a Quarter; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Brett reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the Liberty of assembled in Vestry, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Leonard Phillips, One of the Churchwardens of the find Parish, being examined, said. That the Poor of the said Parish are very numerous, and are maintained and supported at a great Expence; that there is at present near 700 Poor in the Workhouse of the said Parish, and great Numbers are maintained out of the said Workhouse; that the Expence of maintaining the Out

Poor

Galle/

Corner

Road*

North My mi Inclosurr.

Great Billing In sure.

St. Martini in the Fieldc Poor.

i8 Geo. III. 4"Februarii. 677

Poor amounts to between/. x,oooo and/. 1,100 An-Tui/n; and the whole Expence of maintaining the Poor of the said P.irish is about /. 11,000 per Annum; that the Laws in being are not Sufficient for regulating the Poor of the said Puiilh: but if some further Powers were granted, for better regulating, employing, and providing for the said Poor, it would be a great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Parish.

Jhn llale, Esquire, Robert Taylor, Esquire, Mr. Henry Allen, and Mr. Robert Winch, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave lie given to bring in a Bill for better regulating, employing, and providing for, the Poor of the Parish o (Saint Martin in the Fields, within the Liberty of Westmiryter, intlie County of Middlesex: And that Mr. Brett, Lord Thomas the Lord PeterJI^am, and Sir Charles Whitworth, do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

limcoate An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Walton an^ Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common lodoiura. Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Liberties of Kimcoate and Walton, in the Parishes of coate and Knapto/t, in the County of ,was

read the Third Time.

Rtjolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Liberties of Kimcoate and Walton, in the Purifties of Kimcoate and Knapto/t, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. I do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Answer The Lord Hinchingbrook reported to the House, That Adurds their Address of Monday last (that His Majesty would for be gracioufiv pleated to give Directions, that the Papers Piper*. therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty ;and that His Majesty had commanded him to Acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordfngly.

TitchmaHh An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com-Jndofure. tnon and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in

the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Re/oived, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Titchmarsh, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

DeBanne’* Mr. Alderman Wilkes reported from the Committee, N*t. to whom tire ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing David Henry de Beanne, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any- Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Wilkes do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Arfwidflbn's Mr. Alderman Wilkes reported from the Committee, Nat. to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing -was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to Vol. 36.

the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Wilkes do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this Houfi? hath agreed to tire fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Strahan reported from the Committee* to whom Birmingham the Petition of George Mattocks, Gentleman, was rev-- Theatre, ferred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House-; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterward® delivered it in at the Clerk’s-Table: Where the lamer was r-ead; and is as follovyeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr*

Henry Hodgkins, being examined, said, that the Town of Birmingham is a large and very populous Town*

and that a great Number of Persons, of considerable Property, constantly relide there, or frequently resort thereto; and that many of such Persons are'desirous of having a Public Theatre established there, utatler - '

proper Regulations.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed; which was presented to the House upon the noth Day of January last, and then ordered to lie upon, the Ta-hle, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly; .

A Motion was made* and the Question being put)

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to licence a Theatre in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick j-:

It passed in the Negative.. ;. *

Mr. Herbert reported from the Committee, to whom Farringdon* the Petition of the Reverend James GyleClerk, Timothy See.

Dewell, Gentleman, and the several other Persons whose A4

Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That tire Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 2:5th of 774* re-

lative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he ‘

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read;, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an,

Afi, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widen-

ing the Road from the Town of Farringdon, in the County of Berks, to the Town of Cricklade, and from . thenoe to the Town of Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts, and the Road from thence to join the Turnpike Road at A don Ttirville, in the County of and also the Road from Telbuiy, in the said County through Malmesbury aforesaid, to Chippenham Bridge', and the Road from Sherstone to join tire Turnpike Road leading from Tetburyto Bath, was read: And,

Mr. Richard Robins, Clerk to the Trustees under the said Act, being examined, said. That a considerable Sum of Money is now owing on the Credit thereof *; and that the said Roads cannot be sufficiently amended, and kept in Repair, nor the Money so owing be paid off, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act -are enlarged: And,

Mr. Joseph Ackland, being examined, said, That the Road from the Four-Mile Stone on the Road from Cirencester to Tetbury, in the county of ,

through the Parishes of Kemble, Crudwell, Hanker ton,

Charlton, Milborne, and Malmesbury; in the County of Wilts, is in a ruinous Condition, and in some Parts too narrow; that in the Winter Season it is aim oft im-

8 K p affable

t

y-ooeie

Detnf#

N at.

Crnnove1*

Nat.

Briflinrtoa

jncJosure.

Rraybrooke

IncJafure.

Wenlock

Roads*

61% 4* Telruarii. 1778.

payable for Carriages} and that it cannot be properly amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of in the County of Berks, to the Town of Crick and from thence to the Town of Malmefbuiin the County of and the Hoad from thence to join the Turnpike Road at Acton Turville, in the County of and also

the Road from Tetbimj, in the said County* through Malmesbury aforesaid, to Chippenham , and also

-jfrom Sherjtone to join the Turnpike Road leading

-from Telbury to Bath, and for granting further Powers for amending those Roads; and for amending the Road from a Place near Bottom, in the

Cirencefterand Telbury Turnpike Road, through well, and other Parches, to the High in MalmeJ-bury aforesaid: And that Mr. Herbert and Mr. James Grenville, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Fbves reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing John Dean, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Jacob Gottfried Hippius, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition; and thereupon had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendme»ts were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Elwespresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for naturalizing James Cazenove: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing-the Common or Waste Ground called Brijlingtootherwise BvJ'sleton Common, in the Parish of Brijlington, otherwise Bnjsleton, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Combe, Mr. Grenville, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Knighlley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of brooke, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hopkins reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-niuth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening,

" and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from .* the Market House, in the Town of Much " in the County of Salop," and also the Mortgagees and other Creditors of the Tolls and Duties arising, upon the said Roads, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition;

and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them,- to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s-’Fable: Where the same was read; and is as iblloweth;

viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Harry Rain fold, being examined, said, that the Trustees have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the said Act, which has been applied according to the Directions thereof; and that the Sum of j.\ 2,058 is npw remaining due, and that the said Act will expire at the end of this present Session of Parliament; that the present Foils are insufficient for the Purpol’es of repairing the said Roods; and that it is proposed to make a ima.ll Increase of Toll; and that several other Alterations and Amendments are necessary to be made in the Act.

That the high Road branching out of the said Turnpike Road, from Much IVenlock Market House to Buildwas Bridge, in the said County, near a Place called Gleeton Hill, otherwise GlideonHill, and patting through

the several Parishes of Much IVenlock aforesaid, and Cund, in the said County, and adjoining to the Turnpike Road which leads from Much Wenlock aforesaid to Shrewsbury, is in many Places narrow, and in

a ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping iu Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House, in the Town of Much Wenlock, in the County of Salop-, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Gleeton Hill to Crefage, in the said County: And that Mr. Hopkins,

and Mi1. Forcfier do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Ex- Ifl»nd tracts of the Instructions of the Commissioners for v ol. executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Januia Britain to Rear ^dmiral Gayton, Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s Ships and Vessels at and about Jamaica, l‘o far as they relate to the Security and Protection of the said lilaud.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, the Ditt*. lall Accounts received at the Admiralty, of the State and Condition of His Majesty’s Ships and Vessels of War on the Jamaica Station, on or before the 2 ift Day of November 1777.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Bridgnonk the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writhe electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, in the room of the Right honourable George Lord Pigot, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House 5"PPly* to refojvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma-

je%;

Ordered, That the Lift of the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines entitled to receive Half Pay in Great Britain, with an Eiiimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1778, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1778, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1778, he referred to the said Committee.

Ordered,

18 Geo. III.

4° — 5*

Februarli.

79

Ordered, That the Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines who died on the Establishment of Half Pay in Great Britain, and who. were married to them before the 25th December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1778, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Allowances to Widow* of Officers who have died on Half Pay, for the Year 1778, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of fe-reral Augmentations to His. Majesty’s Forces, from the respective Times within mentioned, to the 24th December 1778, incluffve, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Lifts, and Copies of Letters, which were presented to the House, by the Lord Barrington, upon the 27th Day of Januanj last, relative to the several Augmentations to His Majesty’s Forces, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Officers of the Glasgow Regiment," be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. GqJ'coync took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refuraed the Chair.

Mr. Gascoynereported from the Committee, That they had come to several Jtcsolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Mr. Ga/coyne also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may Rave Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mora-«, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Dav being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-aed resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

jfovisy 50 dieFebruarii;

Anno 18* Georgii III"* Regis, 1778.

Page reported from the Committee, to whom

Prayer*.

Oxford

the Petition of the Chancellor, Matters, and Scholars, of the University of Oxford, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; arid he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same w'as read; *md is as followeth; vi

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, it appeared to your Committee, by the Will of John Bampton, late of the Close of the Canons of the Cathedral Church of Sarumbearing Date the 24th Day of December 17 50, that he gave, devised, and bequeathed, unto his Wile Catherine Bampton, inter Vot. 36.

alia,' all his Copyhold Lands or Estates, both irt Possession and Reversion, situate, lying, and being in Nunton and Bodenham, or either of them, or el lew here within the Manor of Doionton, in the County of Wilts,' to hold unto his said Wife, during the Term of her Widowhood only, and from and after her Marriage, or after her Decease, provided she continued in the State of Widowhood during the Remainder of her Life, then he gave, devised, and bequeathed all his said Copyhold Lands or Estates, both in Possession and Reversion, with their and every of their Appur- . t

tenances, situate and lying in Nunton and,

or elsewhere within the said Manor of Doionton, unto the said Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars, of the

Universityof Oxford, forever. And,

Thomas Walker, Esquire, informed your Committed,

That the said Catherine Bampton died the 6th Day of January 1776; and that he is now in receipt of the Rents of the said Estates, for the Use of the said Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars,

That the said Estates, so devised by the Will of the said John Bampton to the Petitioners, which are Copy-hold, are held of the Manor of Dowin the County of Wilts, and are subject to the Payment of certain

Fines, Heriots, and Quit Rents to the Lord of the said Manor, or his Lessee, and also to certain Fees to his Steward; and that it would be a great Convenience to the said Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars, if the said Estate were freed from such Payments, and a certain Annual Payment established in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to exonerate arid discharge a certain Messuage, Farm, and Lands, given and devised in and by the last Will and Testament of John Bampton, late of the Close'of the Canons of the Cathedral Church of Sarum, Clerk, to the Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars, of the University of Oxford, situate in the Parishes of Nunton and Bodenham, within the Manor of in the County of Wills, from the Payment of certain Fines,

Heriots, and Stewards Fees, now chargeable and payable thereout, and in lieu thereof, for charging the same with a certain Annual Payment to the Lord of the said Manor, his Heirs and Assigns, and the Steward of the said Manor, for the Time being: Add that Mr. Page, Sir Roger Nezcdigate, and Mr. Morton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Daniel Lafcclles presented to the House, accord- \yafcefield ing to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and al- to tering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made m Auft*rland* the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Aujterlands, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. *

Mr. Powys reported from the Committee, to whom Ruftidea the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and foclotore. Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Rushden, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 481 Acres, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consists of 3,294 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose thfe Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they bad di-rested him to report to the House j and he read the

Report

L

Severn

and

Verniew

FilLery.

Stirling

Highway!

68b '5* FebruariuA. 1778.

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the Counties of Montgomery, SaStafford, and

(bounty of the City of Worefilling near the

Rivers Severn and Vcrniew, was referred; That

the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vis.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for Preservation of Fishing in the River Severn, was read: And,

Mr. John Owens, being examined, laid, That the Salmon, and other Fish, and the Fry, are very much destroyed in the said River, in the County of Montgomery, and in the River by Means of im-

proper Nets, and other Engines; that there are Nets used, the Mellies of which are only Two Inches in Circumference, though by Law they ought to be . Ten, and that, by the above Practices, the Fishery is greatly injured. Aud,

Mr. John Bradney, being examined, gave your Committee ttie like Evidence with respect to that Part of the Severn running through the Counties of Salop, Stafford, Worcester, and Gbu and the Counties of

the Cities of Gbucester and Worcester, and added, that he has known Nets used with Melhes only One inch and an Half in the Circumference.

Mr. John Ilajlewood, being examined, said. That the above-mentioned Act of Charles the Second does not extend to the Count ies of and

and the Counties of the Cities of Worcester and Gbucester; that, if the Powers thereof were explained and enlarged, and the Provisions of it extended to the above Counties, it would tend to the Preservation of the Fry of Fish, and he, in many respects, beneficial *0 the Fishery in general.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually preserving the Salmon; and other Fish within the Rivers Severn and And that Mr.

Baldwyn, Mr. Hill, and Mr. Pulteney, do prepare, and bring in, the Rime.

Mr. Dundas reported from the Committee, to whom . the Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the Gentlemen, whose Names are thereunto lub-feribed. Landholders, J nftices of the Peace, and Commissioners of the Land Tax, for the County of Stirling, in North Britain, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed*; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Honourable John Elphinfione, being examined, said. That the Powers granted by Law in Scotland, relative to Highways and Bridges, have been found insufficient to keep the same in Repair; all the Roads, except the Road (tom Edinburgh to Stirling, and the Military Road from Sliding to Dumbarton, are in a ruinous Condition, and the Services, Work, and Monies, which are authorized to be exacted and levied, , have been found insufficient to keep the said Roads and

17

Bridges in Repair, and that the same cannot be eflefted unlei's Power is given to convert the Statute Labour required by Law into a Com port lion in Money, to be accepted in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing th^ Highways and Bridges in the County of Stirling: And that Mr. Dundas, Sir ArchibaldEdmcti-Jione, Colonel Livingjione, Mr. Johnstone, and Captain Johnstone, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Mertage from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Walter James Head, Esquire, a Minor, and his Blue, to take and use the Surname of James only, and to bear the Coat Armour of the Family of John James, Esquire, deceased; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Byldzoyn reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesrnen, and others, LandOwners and Inhabitants of the Town of the several

Parishes of Atcham, Wroxeter, Eaton Cvn-

Jtan fine, Leighton, Buildwas, Made ley, Brofeley,

and Places adjacent, in the County of Salop, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and foundlhat the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's 'Fable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. . *

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Addcnbrook, being examined, said, that he knows the Road leading from Brofeley, Made-

ley Wood, and Coalbrookdale, through the Parishes of Buildwas,’Leighton, Eaton Conjlonline, anti Wroxeter, to Shrewsbury, in the county of ; that the same is in many Places very narrow, dangerous, and unsafe for Carriages and Pafictigers, and cannot be effectually widened and repaired by the Laws now in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Birches Brook to Buildioas Bt idge, and from thence through

the Parishes of Buildw as, Leighton, Eaton Constantine, and Wroxeter, to join the Watling Street Turnpike Road, at Tern Bridge, in the County o: And

that Mr. Baldwyn and Mr. Hill do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John ChrifianDean, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the.Tijtle be. An Act for naturalizing John Christian Dean and Jacob Gottfried Hippius,

Ordered, That Mr. Ehoes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.:

Ordered, That Mr. Duller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Supply of Mariners

and

Head*»

Name.

Birches

Brook,

&c.

Road*

Dean1*

Nat.

Marine

Force*.

Mariner# w) Sean^a.

Rolhdea

joJofure.

Supply.

18 Geo. III. c — 6a Februar681

and Seamen, to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War a nd on Board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels, was read the Third Time.

Rifolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels.

Ordered, That Mr. Buller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Not ice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Lunds, in the Parish of in the County of

Northampton, which Bill was this Day reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Con lent, as far His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Mr. Gascoyne, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, Ibat the said Report be brought up;

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 30th Day of May 1661, of the Proceedings of the House, in relation to the Bufi-,ness touching ITis Majesty’s Revenue and present Sup-, ply, might be road.

.And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for a free and volun- tary Present to His Majesty, " might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be brought up.

Then the said Report was delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Rifolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Eighty-six thousand Six hundred Thirty-two Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of several Augmentations to His Majesty’s Forces, from their respective Commence* ments, to the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight.

Rrfolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ninety thousand Nine hundred and Thirty-nine Pounds and Fifteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight.

Rrfolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven hundred and Twelve Pounds and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers, and Private Gentlemen, of the Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to the Superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Five thousand Four hundred and Thirty-one Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Che feu Hospital, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Thirty-eight Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the paying of Pensions to the Widows of such Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and Marines, as died upon the Establishment of Half Pay in Great Britain, and were married to them before the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Sixteen, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of such Ships, or Vessels, as have been purchased, to be employed in His Majesty’s Royal Navy since the Commencement of the present Hostilities in North America, together with the Tonnage and former Name (if altered) and State and Condition of such Ships or Vessels, respectively, at the Time of such Purchase; also the Price paid, the Time when, the Person or Persons from whom the Ship or Vessel was bought, and by whom the Purchase was made.

The House was moved, that the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereto fqbscribed, being Inhabitants of the City of which was

presented to the House upon the 29th Day of January last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir William Guise, Mr. Pulteney &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 6° dieFebruarii.

Anno i8° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1778.

Pr ayzks.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Heath, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Great Billing, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Heath, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Great Billing, in the County of Northampton.

Memorandum: This Act Dot being amongst the printed Statutes,aCopy thereof, signed by the Clerk of the Parliaments, and delivered by a Member, was read at the Table; which Copy is preserved amongst the ether Papers of this Session.

V04. 36.

8 L

Ordered,

Acconatg

Ships in America

Bristol

Theatre*

Great

Billing

Inclosure.

Jflind of Jamaica*

682 6* Februarii. A. 1778.

Ordered, That Mr. Ft eden’ek Montagu do carry the BUi tu luc Lords, and fellre their Concurrence.

The Lord Mu!grave, from the Comoi id-oners for executing the On.cc 01 Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, indented to the House, purl'uant to their Order,

Extracis of the InthuClions of the Commissioners for executing the Office o< Lord High Admiral of Great Britain and Ireland, K to Rear Admiral Guyton, Cor.nnunder in Chief of His Majesty’s Ships and \ elsels at anU about Jamaica, so tar as they relate to the Security and Protection of the said island.

Ann the Title of the said Extracis was read.

Ordered, i cat the said Extracts do lie upon the Table, 10 be perused by the Membe.s of the House.

The said Extracts ai e prelerv ed amougil the other Papers of this Sefiioo.

The House being informed that Mr. Hugh/on, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar prefen ted to the House, purl'uant to their Orders,

A11 Account of all PublicDebts at the Receipt of His Account; Majesty’s Exchequer, Handing out the 5th Day of Public January 1778, with the Annual Interest, or other Charges, payable for the fame: And also.

An Account of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ended the 5th Day of January 1778.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read,

The said Accounts are as followeth; via.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgeflfes, in Parliament assembled.

g

(Q

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

An ACCOUNT of all Public Debts at the Receipt of His Majesty’s "Exchequer, the 5th Day of January \ 778 (being Old Day) with the Annual Interest, and other Charges,

payable for the fame.

S

EXCHEQUER.

Annuities for long Terms, being the Remainder of the Original Sum contributed and unsubscribed to the South Sea Company - - .

Dirto for Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, being tlir* Remainder of the Original Sum contributed....

Ditto fur Two and Three Lives, being the Remainder after what is fallen in by Deaths....

Rxchequer Bills made out for Interest on Old Hills - - - - . ....

Annmticjfor Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, granted by an Act 50 Gij. tertij Rs. being the Original Sum contributed

Note, The Land Taxes and Duties on Malt, being Annual Grants, arc not charged in this Account, nor the £. 1,000,000, charged on the 6d. per Lib. on Pensions, nor the 1,500,000 borrowed A0 1777, charged on the Supplies 1778, nor the^*. 1,000,000 Vote of Credit, charged ou the Supplies 1778.

EAST INDIA COMPANY.

'Ey Two Acts of Parliament, 9° Willi. IIP11 Rs. and Two-other Acta, 6° et 9® Arm* Rnce. at £.3 per Cent, per Ann....

Annuities at 3 per Cent. per Anti. A0 1744, charged on the Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines, Spirits, and Strong Waters

BANK OF ENGLAND.

O11 their original Fund, at 3 per Cent, per Ann. from 1st 4uguji 1743

Tor cancelling Exchequer Bills 3* Gij. primi Rs. ——

Purchased of the South Sea Company ——

Annuities at 3 par Coit. per. Ann. charged on the Surplus of the Funds for the Lottery 1714 -

Ditto ,- - at 3 per Coit. per Ann. charged on the Duties on Coals since Lady Day 1719 -

Ditto - - at 3 per Cent. per. Ann. charged on the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors since Lady Day 174(5

Ditto - - at 3 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Sinking Fund by the Acts 2*, 28, 29, 3*, and 33 Gij. 2dl Rs. 10 et 16 Gij. tert. Rs. -Ditto - - at 3 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Duties upon Offices and Pensions, ifc. by Act 31° Gij. 2dl Rs. et Duty on Houses and Windows by the Act 6° Gij. 3lli Rs. - -

£ -39*920,924 i

d.

93

480,772 3 3i

Ditto - - at 3 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Sinking Fund by Acts 250 Gij. 2* Rs. et 50 Gij. tert. Rs. - -

liinn . - at 3$ per Cent. per Ann. charged on the Duties upon Offices and Pensions by an Act 31* Gij. *dl Rs. and Duty on Houses and Windows by an Act 6,# Gij. 3d1 Rs.

at 4 pa Cent. per Ann. charged on the Sinking Fund by the Act 20 Gij. 3d1 Rs. being the Remainder of £ .20,240,000, after deducting the Sum of^*. 1,253,700, scribed and added to the Capital Stock of 3 per Cent, consolidated Annuitities io* Gij. tert. Rs. ——

Ditto - - at per Cent, par Ann. for Ten Years, from 5th April 1777, charged on the Sinking Fund by the Act 170 Geo. 3d1 Rs. -

Ditto Ditto -

sub

'Memorandum: The Subscribers of £. 100 to the Lottery 1745, were allowed an Annuity for One Life of oj. a Ticket, which amounted to £. *2,500, but is now reduced, by Lives fallen in, to £. 13,933. 10; and the Subscribers of^. 100 to the Lottery 1746, were allowed an Annuity for One Life of 18s. a Ticket, which amounted to £. 45,000, but is now reduced by Lives fallen in, to £. 25,815. 10; and the Subscribers of £. 100 for 3 per Cent. Annuities A# 1757, were allowed an Annuity for One Life of £. 1. 2s. 6d. which amounted to^£. 33,750, but is now reduced, by Lives failen in, to£. 27,904. 12. 6 5 and the Subscribers of £. 100 for 3 per Cent.

I by the Act of 40 Gij. 3*

£ 5,000,000 for the Service of the Year 1777, were allowed an Annuity of 101. for every £. 100 contributed, for 10 Years, from 5th April 1777, which amounted to £. 25,000; all which Annuities are an Increase of the Annual Interest, but cannot be added to the Public Debt, as no Money was advanced for the same -

SOUTH SEA COMPANY.

On their Capita! Stock and Annuities 90 Gij. primi Rs. -Annuities at 3 per Cent, pa Ann. A0 1751, charged on the Sinking Fund

Exchequer, the 6th Day of February 1778.

John Hugh/on.

Principal Debt.

£. s. d. 1,836,275 17 \o% 77,214 5 84

67*355 8 23

2,200 -

18,000 -

3,200,000 — — 1,000,000 -- —

3.200.000 — —

500,000-----

4,000,000-----

1.250.000 -

1.750.000 — — 986,800 — —

40,401,696 5 i|

i*>353*773 1(5 4

4,500,000----

18,986,300 — — 5>®oo, oooo — —

24,065,084 13 u£ 1,919,600----

i3Lii4i3°° 7

Annual Interest, or other Charges, payable for the same.

»36>453 >2 5.405 — 8,217 13

540----

§7,385 14 4 30,401 15

100.000 — —

15,000-----

- 12.1*8.., 8 -J.-

37.500 -

53.500 -

39,004----

1,334,031 l 4

5<o,937 4 *

100,031 5 — 77o.i3> *5 i®t

300.000 — —

544.394 9

735.974 13 1*

58,607 15 6

4»°99»5* 6 7j

ON

09

18 Geo. III. 6° Februarii.

p

g

(a

n'

CD

Q_

C

o

o

oo

n

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens,

Income of the Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ended 5th Day of January 1778.

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund (General Fund -South Sea Company's Fund

Additional Duty on Paper A0 1731 -

Surplus of the Duty on Wines A0 1745....

Additional Duty on Spirits A° 1743 -

Arrears of the Duty on Glass A° 1746, and the Duty 6n Glass 1777, and additional Duty on Spirits 174(1 -

Additional Subsidy on Poundage since 1st March 1747

Duty on Coaches A0 1747 -

Duty on Salt since 5th April 1759 -

Sweets since Midsummer 1737 -

Plate Licences since 5th July 1758 -

Surplus Duty on Coals, Paper, and Soap, 1714-

CoalsA°1719 ——

Additional Duty on Cards and Dice since 15th April 1756 -

Ale Licences since Easter 1756 - - # -

Surplus additional Duty on Wine Licences since 5th July 1757 -Additional Duty on Stampt Vellum since D° -Coals exported since D°

Surplus Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors since Lady Day 1746 -Additional Subsidy on Poundage since 5th April 1759

Coffee since D° ——

Chocolate since D° -Surplus additional Duty on British Spirits and Low Wines since 31st July

1751....

Additional Duty on Malt since February 1760 - -

x Brandy, British Spirits, and Low Wines, granted Annis 1760 and 1766 -

Brandy, British Spirits, and Low Wines, since 21st January 1762 -

Additional Excise on Beer since 24th January 1761 - -

Duty on Policies since 1st June 1765 - -

Coals and East India Goods since D° -East India wrought Silks, qc. since 1st June 1766 -

Silks, Crapes, Tiffanies, ftc. since 1st August 1766 -

Surplus Houses and Windows since 10th October 1766 -

Drillings and Broad Linens since 25th May. 1767 -

Duty on Wines since 31st March 17G3 -

D° - - Cyder and Perry since 1766 -

Additional Duty on Cards and Dice since 1st June 1776 -

Stampt Vellum, bfc. since 5th July 1776 Coaches A0 1776 -

Stampt Vellum, Sfc» since 5th July 1777

O

£. s. d. 129,978 id 171,28*2 1

28,287 3 n|

7,112 — — 8,020 15 11

15*605 7 8 51,932 4 2 27,949 12 6 53,706 16 ioJ

664----

1,842----

18,168 9 11$ 9*6 91 13 5|

2,288-----

11,421 —

3

2,023 14*552 4*oi 6 13*045 43*551

___I

x

18 61

- >a 9l 736-----

765-----

5 >479 -

61,652 — —

57.418 — —

9,812-----

78,803 — —

246-----

>4.036 5 7

4.000

3.000 57.359

3.990 >6.255

>3 >if

10

4.

16 2

15

3,618-----

2*219-----

10,854-----

6,690 — —

4*137-----

t. d.

329,548 2 a

£ 956*200 10 11

iftd Burgeflies, in Parliament assembled.

Charge on the Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ended the 5th Day of January 1778.

To the Bank of England, for fl Months Interest, and Charges of Management, on the 3 Cent Consolidated Annuities, due 5th January 1778 -

To D°, for 6 Months Interest, with the Charges of Management, on £. 2,150,000, at 3 per Cent. to be added and made Part of the above Capital, due D° -

To D°, for examining, auditing, and patting, Accounts of Annuities, payable by them, and to the Officers of the Pipe, on obtaining a Quietus, 4*c. -

To D°, for Charges of Management of Annuities A° 1758, due the 5th January 1778 -To DV to make good the Deficiency of Annuities A° 1758, due D° - -

To the Chief Cashier of the South Sea Company, for G Months Interest, at 3 per Cent on Annuities A0 1751, with Charges of Management, due D°

For Life Annuities A° 1757, at the Exchequer, for 6 Months, due D° *

For Interest on Exdiequer Bills made forth for the Service of the Year 1777, and charged on the Sinking Fund - -

To the Usher of the Receipt of Exchequer - - . t.

To the Bank of England, for G Months Interest, with the:Charges of Management, of Annuities granted for 99 and 98 Years, due 5th January 1778 ....

£. s. d. 577.i°9 — n| 3a>854 13 9 8,944 5 —

1,400 16 IO

17,788 ip 8$

*9.333 »7 9 *3»95* 8 3

4.637 15 — 44 7 nf

195,870 10 if

/.811,93s 4 gf

a

On

00

Exchequer, the (3th Day of February iyjg#

John Hug

6° Februarit. A. 1778.

Chippenham

Bridge

Read.

North

Dalton

Iaclosure.

KigSgate

:o

Barnet

Read-

18 GeO. III. 6* Februarii.685

Ordered, That the said Accounts do He upon the Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House. ingrossed.

Sir William Codrington reported from the Committee, A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, Boughtdri to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for passed in the Thirty-third Year of King George the ®ar*

putting in execution an Act, passed in the Twenty- Second, for repairing and widening the Road from oa

fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King The Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City George the Second, for repairing and widening the of Chefi to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, Roads leading from Chippenham Bridge, in the County in the County of Salop, and other Roads in the said of Wilts, to the Top of Togg HiQ. in the County of Act mentioned; and for making a Road of Commu-Gloucester, and from Chippenham Bridge aforesaid, to nication from the said Road, between Whitchurch and the Top of Old Sodbury Hill, in the said County of Newport, to the present Turnpike Road from Newport Gloucester, was referred; That the Committee had aforesaid, to in the County of Stafford, was

examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the read a Second Time.

House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turn- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilbra-pike Bills, had been complied with; and that the ham Bootle, Mr. Grosvenor, &c.: And they are to meet

Committee had examined the Matter of the said Peti- this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

tion; and had directed him to report the fame, as it Chamber, appeared to them, to the House; and he read the

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at Sir Herbert Mackworth reported from the Com- London % the' Clerk’s Tabic: Where the same was read; and is mittee, to whom the Petition of several Proprietors of Cotton as followeth: viz. Houses and Lands, and principal Inhabitants of the p^jngT&e.-

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Manor and Liberty of Norton otherwise Nor-

said Act was read: And, ton Folley, in the County of on behalf of

The Treasurer’s Book? being produced, it appeared themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said that a considerable Sum of Money had been borrowed Manor and Liberty, was referred; That the Committee on the Credit of the Act, the grea tell Part of which had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and is fiill owing, together with a cor.siderable Arrear of had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared Interest. to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his

A Member present informed your Committee, That Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s the said Roads cannot be completely amended, and Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow-the Money owing be paid oil', unless the Term and eth; viz.

Powers of the said Act are enlarged; And, To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. William Handy, being examined, said, That the Mr. James Wood, being examined, said, That the Roads comprised in the said Act are Hill too narrow several Streets and other public Passages and Places, in in many Places, and not in complete Repair. that Part of the Liberty of Norton Falgate which is

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to extra-parochial, and also such Parts of Magpie Alley, enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the and Street, as lie in the said. Manor and Li-

Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty berty, and in the Paril'u of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch,

King George the Second, for repairing and widening are extremely ill paved, and greatly obstructed by the Roads leading from Chippenham Bridge, in the Polls, and other Projections, and annoyed by Spouts,

County of Wilts, to the Top of Togg Hill, in the County Signs, and Gutters.

of Gloucester, and from Chippenham Bridge aforesaid, That the Sewers and Drains, within the Limits to the Top of Old Sodbtm/ Hill, in the said County of aforesaid, are under the Direction of the Commissioners Gloucester: And that Sir William Codrington and M r. of Sewers for the Division of Holborn and Finsbury,

Barrow do prepare, and bring in, the fame. but are insufficient for draining the same; and it is

absolutely necessary that the same should be deepened,

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, altered, and enlarged, and that many new Sewers should and Stinted Failures, or Waste Grounds, in the Manor be made for that Purpose.

of A orth Dalton, in the Fall Riding of the County of That the moll effectual and proper Way to drain York, was read a Second Time. the Limits aforesaid, would be by Drains and Sewers,

Resolved, T'hat the Bill be committed to Lord George so Constructed as to run into a Sewer already made,

Cavendish, Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet in B Street, to the Expence of which a Land this Afternoon, at l ive of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Owner, w ithin the said Liberty, contributed the Sum Chamber. of £. 175 that the same might be made sufficiently

deep for that Purpose.

Mr. Byng reported from the Committee to whom the Tkt it would be very advantageous to the Owners Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts, for of LafMs and Tenements within the Limits aforesaid, repairing the Road from Jlighgate Gatehouse, in the and of public Utility, if Powers were given for paving.

County of Miudlesex, to Barnet Blockhouse, in the and keeping in Repair, the Pavements of the Streets,

County of llettford, and the Road from the Bear and other public Passages and Places, within the Li-«

Inn in Hadley, to 1 he Angel in Enfield Chace, and mits aforesaid, and removing all Obstructions and An-

also Centra cod Lane, leading from Highgaleto Harnp- noyances therein; and also for making proper Drains

Jlead, in the said County of Middlesex, and the Road and Sewers in and under the fame, to communicate beginning at Barnet BlockhouJ'e and ending at the Bear with the Sewer above-mentioned in Bishopsgate Street.

Inn in Hadley aforesaid, was committed; That the Mr. Michael Pearftm and Mr. con-

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, firmed the Whole of the above Evidence,

and found the same to be true; and that the Com- Ordered, That Leave-be given to bring in a Bill

mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several for paving and repairing the Streets, Lanes, and

Amendments thereunto; which they bad directed him other public Passages and Places, within such Part of to report to the House; and he read the Report in his the Liberty of Norton Falgate, in the County of Mid-Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the dlesex, as is extra-parochial, and certain Parts of Magpie Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Alley, and Blossom Street, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Shoreditch, in the said County, and for removing Ob-Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question llruft ions and Annoyances therein; and also for making severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the I louse. proper Drains and Sewers in and near the fame: And Voi 36. 8 M that

Brirto!

T heati e.

Expiring

Laws.

Militia.

North Mar lion Inclosure.

Island of Jamaica.

American

Colonies.

683 6° Febrtiarii, A. 1778.

that Sir Herbert Mac Inearth and Mr. Alderman do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Pulteneu reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Perf.ms whose Names are thereto fu'tfa ihed, being Inhabitants of the City of was referred; and that the Committee, had examined the Manor of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

'I o prove the Allegations of the said Petition, George H'Aubeny, Plquire, being examined, said, That the said City is very large and populous, and milch frequented by Merlons of Rank and Fortune, on Account of the Medicinal Waters in the Neighbourhood thereof; and that if a lieenled Playlioule was established in the said City, there being a Building belonging to the Inhabitants, Petitioners, which is very commodious for that Purpose, it would be Q>f Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said City.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in.a Bill to enable His Majesty to license a Theatre in the City of Bristol: And that Mr. Pullene and Sir John Sebright do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire what Laws arc expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued:

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Grei/ Cooper, Mr. Whit north,&c.: And they are to muet upon

Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham her.

that there be. laid before this House, Copies of all Papers that havel passed between any of His Majesty’s Miuilters and the Generals of His Armies in America, or any Persons actingfor Government in Indian 'Aflairs, relative to the Military Employment of the Indians of America, in the present Civil War, from the ift of March 1774, to the ift Day of January 1778;

The’House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the YcaJ ^r' 0Tnas T»Jh'*d-1 Mr. Powys

[Sir Henry Iloghton,

Tellers for the Noes , FMr Robi„fm So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pdt, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there he laid before this House, Copies of all Treaties and Conventions with the Indians o America, and all Messages, Speeches, and Symbols, sent by any Persons acting in His Majesty \s Service, or under their Orders, from the ift Day of March 1774, so far as the same have been received;

It passed in the Negative.

Ameicsn

Colonies.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Ditto. That there be laid before this House, an account of all Money, Arms, Ammunition, Stores, and the Quantity, Kind, and Value, of Goods given to the said Indians, or to any of them, or consigned to any Person to be given to them, or any of them, on Account of His Majesty, or any Person employed in His or the Public Service, from the itt March 1774;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for the Year 1778:

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Grey Cooper, the Lord Beauchamp, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Grenville presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Pari 111 and Liberties of NorthMarston, in the County of Bucks: And the same was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord George Germain presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Copy of the humble Address and Petition of the Council and Assembly of Jamaica to His Majesty in Council. In Governor Dalling’s of 2ill November 1777: And also.

Copy of a Letter from Governor to Lord

George Germain, dated Jamaicthe 21 ft of November 1777. Received 28th January 1778.

And the Titles of the said Copies were read.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Copies arc preserved araongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved, That the Paper (N® 18.) intituled, " Substance of a Conference between Lieutenant General Burgoyne. and 500 Indian Chiefs and " Warriors," which was presented to the House upon Mondial lait, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That an bumble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Ditto; That there be laid before this House, an account of the Numbers, Nations, and Names of Chiefs of the American Indians, who have been in Arms against the Colonies in North America, since ift March 1774; as also of those who have acted in His Majesty’s Armies, with their State and Numbers, as by the last Returns, and where employed;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Ditto. Copy of the Proclamation ifltied by the Earl of Hun-more, His Majesty’s Governor of Virginia, dated the 7 th of November 1775.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Ditto. That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Negroes of Virginia, who have repaired to His Majesty’s Standard, from the ift-Of March .1774, and the Corps which they formed, or were embodied in, together with the Names of the Officers commanding the said Corps, and serving the rein; as also their Number and Condition, as by the last Return;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion %vas made, and the Question being put, Ditto. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty,

That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House Copies of all Orders given, and Informations received, relating to the railing Negroes for His Majesty’s Service, in North Carolina and South Carolina;

It passed in the Negative.

Re/hlved, That an humble Address be presented to Ditto. His Majesty, That lie will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House the Totals of the Embarkation Returns of all the Corps, which have been sent from Great Britain or Ireland, to any Part of North America, in the Years 1774,

Dr. Vyfc to preach on the JFai Day.

Committee on the State of the Nation.

Importation of Corn.

Supply.

Way*

and Meant.

18 Geo. III. 6° — 9"

177S, 1776, and 1777, including Foreigners and Ma-Hi.es; also Totals of the Monthly Returns, dated ift A ug// i 774 of thofeCorps which were in North America at that Time; also Returns of all Recruits which have been sent to North America, in the Years 1774, 1777,

177<3, and 1777, Priti/has well as Foreign; and also Returns of the greatest Number of Land Forces employed in North America in 1774, 1775. 1776, and 1777.

Ref rivet!, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That Me will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copy of the Commission granted to Lord Viscount /force and General Sir Williamflour, in pursuance of an Act, made in the ibth Year of the Reign of llis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prohibit all Trade " and intercourse with t he Colonies of " MaffuchufeCsB v, Rhode Island, New

"York, Neie Jttrfei/, Penfvlvanthe Three Lower " Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the " Continuance of the present Rebellion within the " laid Colonies respectively; for repealing an Act, made " in the 14th lear of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue the landing and discharging, lading or shipping, of Goods, Wares, and Merchan-* dile, at the'l own and within the Harbour of Boston, uin the Province of Mcfnichufet' and also Two

Acts, made in the lul’t Session of Parliament, for redraining the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies uin the said Acts respectively mentioned; and to enable any Person or Persons, appointed and authorized by His Majesty to grant Pardons, to issue Proclamations, in the Cafes and for the Purposes " therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to ' His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majdiy’s Moll honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Vyjfe, Rector of Lambeth, be delircd to preach before this House, at Saint Margaret's Westminster, upon Friday the 27th

Day of this Inilant February, being the Day appointed by II is Majesty’s Royal Proclamation for a General Fait: And that the Lord North and the Lord do acquaint him therewith.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Rtjb'ved, That this Iioufe will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

Resolved, Thnt this House will, upon Seven-

night, the 17th Day of this Instant February, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of John Guitton, Esquire, and Thomas Pinfeed, Gentleman, on behalf of the Merchants concerned in the Importation and Exportation of Corn, at the Port of Porfmouth.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 1 louse, to consider further of the Supply granted to

His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, rclblve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of M ays and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Morn-

ing next. Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 36.

Februarii. 87

Lun<£> 9® die Februarii;

' , ' i

Anno 180 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1778.

Prayers.

e^AMES Cazenove took the Oaths appointed, in order J to his Naturalization.

Mr. Cafivall reported from Ihe Committee, to whom the Rill to enlarge the Term of an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Toiocejltr, through Silverston and in the

Comity o ['Northampton, and Ardley and Middleton Sto-

rey, to Weston Gate, in the Parish of Weflon on the Green, in the County of Oxford, was committedThat the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bilf, and found the same to be true; and that the Committ.ee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put ^hereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Wake-feld to Aujlerlamis, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, Unit the Bill be committed to Mr. Daniel Lascelles, Sir George Savile,&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Alderman Ilayley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Road Side, in the Parish of Saint Mary, White Chapel, in the County of Middlesex, and others, using the Foot Paths

of the Road Side, in the- said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John llobinfon, being examined, said. That the Road

through the Parish of Saint Mary, White Chapel, being One of the principal Avenues to the City of London, the Foot Ways, on the Sides thereof, are very much frequented; that they are at present in so ruinous a State, as to be extremely incommodious to Passengers; and that it would be a great Convenience to the Inhabitants, and the Public in general, if the same were properly amended and kept in repair.

Mr. Luke Flood, being examined, confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill for paving Parts of the Foot Paths, on the Sides of the Great Road, in the Parish of While Chapel, in the County of MidtUefex: And that Mr. Alderman Hayley And Mr. Alderman Wilkes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Alderman Ilayley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Pa-riflies of Saint Mary Malfdlon, otherwise White Chapel, and Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, and of other Persons, Occupiers and Inhabitants of Houses and

Towcester

through

silverston

Rotd.

Wakefield

to

Aufterland*

Road.

WhiteChapel

Paving.

Dirty Lane in

WhiteChapcJ

Paving.

0iUey

Corner

Road.

North Myms Inclosure.

Bristol

Theatre*

Hardwicke

Inclosure.

Severn FUb cries*

688 9° Februarii. . 177B.

and Tenements in Brick Lane, and other Avenues from White Chattel to Spita {fields, was referred; That the

Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Robinson, being examined, said, that the principal

Avenue from the High Street, near White Chapel Church, to Spita{fields, is through Two Lanes, called Dirty Lane

and Brick Lane, that they are great Thoroughfares: that the former is much too narrow, and in To ruinous a Condition as to be dangerous for Carriages, and very incommodious for Foot Passengers; and that the said Brick Lane, from the End of Dirty Lane to Church Street, is not of a proper and convenient Breadth.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for widening and improving Dirty Lane, and Part of Lane, leading from White Chapel to in the County of Middlesex: And that Mr. Alderman Hayley

and Mr. Alderman Wilkes do prepare, and bring in, )hc fame.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three Acts, of the Third and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Tenth Year of the Reign of Mis present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner, adjoining to Enfield Chafe, in the Parish of South Mims, in the County of Middlesex, to Lems ford Mill, in the County of Hertford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Toxonjhend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham-joq

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common or Waste Ground, called North Myms Common or Wood, in the Parish of North Myms, in the County of Hertford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Plume? Mr. Byng, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Pultencypresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty, to license a Theatre in the City of Bristol: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Coromon Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Township and Liberties of Hardwicke, in the County of Buckingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Earl Vemey, Mr. Burke, Scc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing near the River Severn, in the Counties of Gloucester, tVorcester, and Salop, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That a Bill is depending for repealing so much of Two Acts, of the First Year of Queen Elizabeth, and Thirtieth Year of King Charles the Second, as relates to the Sizes of Melhes of Nets, and to the Length of Nets, to be used in the River Severn, below Gluucester Bridge, and for better regulating the Fillicries, and preserving the Spawn and fry of Fish, in the said River; and repre-fenting to the House, that if the said Bill, as it is now drawn, should pass into a Law, and the said Acts were

to be repealed, so fhr as relate t o the Size of Meflies of Nets, and Length of Nets, to be used in the said River below Gloucester Bridge, it will be very detrimental to the Petitioners, and to all Persons redding or having Estates near the said River, by preventing Salmon and other Fith from passing from the Lower Part, of the said River into the Upper Parts thereof: Ami therefore praying, '1 hat they may be heard by their Counsel against To much of the said Bill as affects the Petitioners, and have such further Relief as to the House shall appearjuft and reasonable.

Ordered, That the/laid Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for repealing so much of Two Acts, passed in the First Year of Queen Elizabeth, and Thirtieth Year of King Charles the Second, as relates to the Size of the Melhes of Nets, and to the Length of the Nets, to be used in the River Severn, below Gloucester Bridge, and for better regulating the Fisheries, and preserving the Spawn and Fry of Fish, in the said River, be brought in.

Mr. Baldzvyn presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for repairing and w idening the Road iiom the Birches Brook to Buildzcas and from thence,

through the Parishes of Buildzcas, Leighton, Ealon-Constantine, and Wroxeter, to join the

Turnpike Road, at Tern Bridge, in the County of Salop: And the liinie was received: and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Lozother reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Joseph Rann, Clerk, Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Sai Trinity, in the City of Coventry, and of the several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants, and Occupiers of Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, and Stables, in the said Farish, was referred: That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table;. Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Fourth and Fifth Year of the Reign of Philip and Mazy, intituled, " An Aftefor the Paiment " of Tithes in the Citie of was read;

And,

Mr. John Farr, being examined, said. That there have been many Disputes and Differences between the Vicar and the Inhabitants of the said Parish, respecting the Payment of Tythes and other Ecclesiastical Dues, but that they have now agreed to apply to Parliament for an Act to repeal the said Act of Philip and Mary, and to settle the future Payments to the Vicar of the said Parish for the Time being by a Rate.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the bet ter providing of a Maintenance for the-Vicar of the Parish of The Trinity, in the City of Coventry: And that Mr. Lozcther and Mr. Serjeant do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

to whom the Petition of several of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Westminster, whole Names are thereunto subscribed on behalf of themselves and the rest of the Justices of the Peace of and for the said City and Liberty, was referred That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and haddi retted him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read: and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Charle

Birchn

Brook,

See.

Road.

St. Trinity

(Covciiitv

Tyita.’

WeAminflfr Court House*

18 Geo. III; p6 Fehruarlu

Charles Cuthbert Cnrleton, Deputy Clerk of the Peace, Parish Church of Lilfotd annexed, artd-of several of the being examined said. That there is no public Court Parish ioners of and aforesaid, whdfe

House for holding the Quarter Sessions, or transacting Names are thereunto subscribed, vvas referred; That the public Business of the City and Liberty of Westniin- the Committee had examined the Matter of the fat'd fier i and that it would tend to the Convenience of His Petition; and had directed him to report the fame; as it Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, ami the Inhabitants of appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the lle-the said City and Liberty, if a Court House was built port in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the for the above-mentioned Purposes, which will be attend- Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read } and is a# ed with a considerable Expence, there being no Pro- followeth; viz.

vision by the present Laws to authorize the railing To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Money for that Purpose. Deed, Dated the zzd Day of J/muary 1778; was

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for produced to your Committee, whereby it appeared, erecting a Building, for holding the Quarter SefRons of That the Right Reverend John Lord Bishop of Pe-the Peace for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and ter borough did, Upon Application made to him fog transacting the other public Business of the said City uniting and consolidating the Vicarage and Parish. and Liberty: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, the Lord Church of Lilford aforesaid, with the said Rectory and Peter/ham. Lord Thomas Pelham Clinton, Sir Herbert Parish Church of Achurch, decree, That the said Vica- , Mackworth, and Mr. Whitworth, do prepare, and bring rage and Parish Church of Lilford, with all Tythes,

in, the fame. Fruits, Profits, Rents, Oblations, Glebe 'Landsj Rights,

Members, and Emoluments Ecclesiastical, both Spiri-A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the tual and Temporal, to the same belonging, should be Sh too Open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, in the Lordship consolidated, united, and annexed to the said Rectory lodofure. of Earl Shilton, in the County of Leicester, was read a and Parish Church of ^Achurch. Theti,

Second Time. . Ntr. Thomas Hogard informed your Committee,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hunger- That the Profits of the said Vicarage of Lilford con-ford, Mr. Knightleij,&c.: And they are to meet this Act of Small Tythes only, and a Right of Common Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s belonging to the Vicarage House, of small Value, for Chamber. which the said Thomas Powys pays ^.65 a Year, as a

Composition, being the full Value thereof; — that the Stocking of A Bill for regulating the flocking of a certain Piece said Thomas Powys and Littleton Powys have agreed, >nclosed Pasture Ground, called Nazeing Wood, or that a Piece of Land in Lilford aforesaid, the Property Nazeing Park, in the Manor and Parish of Nazeing, in of thfe said Thomas Powys, which is of the Value of the County of Essex, and for keeping the Fences there- jf.65 a Year, should be settled upon, and veiled in, of in Repair, was read a Second Time. the Rector of Achurch, with the said Vicarage of Lilford

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William annexed, for the Time being, in lieu of the said Tytiiesj Wake, Mr. Knifhtley, & c.: And they are to meet this and Right of Common; — that the Profits of the Rec-Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s tory of Achurch aforesaid arise from Lands allotted to Chamber. the Rector thereof, by the late Inclosure of the Open Fields of Achurch aforesaid; which Lands are situatft kokeochurch Lord Charles Spencer reported from the Committee, near the said Town of Achurch, but there is not any te whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of convenient Habitation for the Residence of a Tenant Rcadt. ®n Act, made in the Second Year of His present Ma- to occupy the feme; — that the House belonging to the jesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering more effec- said Vicarage of Lilford, is at the Distance of One Mile " tual several Acts, passed in the Fifth Year of his and a half from Achurch aforesaid, and is not a con- late Majesty King George the First, and the Tliir- venient Habitation for such Tenant; therefore the said " teenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Se- Thomas Powys and Littleton Powys have agreed, that u cond, for repairing the Roads from the Top of Stoken- the said Vicarage House, with the Homellead thereto " church Hill to Etflrno Bridge, through the City of belonging, shall be vested in the said Thomas Powys, " Oxford, by Begbroke, to New Woodjtock, in the County his Heirs and Assigns, in lieu of, and in exchange for- of Oxon;and for repairing the Road from the a Farm House, and Homesteads thereto belonging, Crown Alehouseto the Turnpike 011 Stokenchurch situate in Achurch aforesaid, the Property of the said " Hill aforesaid; and for repairing the Mileways on Thomas adjoining to the Lands allotted to the

each Side of the said City, as therein mentioned," Rector of Achurch aforesaid, of equal Value with the was committed; That the Committee had examined feid V icarage House and Homesteads. the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be And he further informed your Committee, That thi* true; and that the Committee had gone through the said Parish Church of Achurch is out of Repair, and

Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which that it would be of great Benefit to the Petitioners,

they had directed him to report to the House; and he if the same was put into good Repair, and new Seats

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered and Pews made therein that if the Church Rates of

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s both the said Parishes were hereafter to be applied in

Table: Where the Amendments were Once read the Reparation of the said Parish Church of Achurch

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; only, the same might at all 'limes be kept decent and

and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were proper for Divine Worship } — that the said Parish

agreed to by the House. Church of Lilford would from thenceforth become

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be useless, and it would be for the Benefit of the said ingrossed. united Parishes, if the same was taken down (except f©

much thereof as the said Thomas Powys, his Heirs or Achurch Sir William Wake reported from the Committee, to Assigns, shall require to be left, to be made use of os and whom the Petition of Thomas Powys, of Lilford, in the a Chapel to his Mansion House at Lilford aforesaid)

Lilford County of Northampton, Esquire, Lord of the Manors and the Materials of such Part of the said Church as

Eichanget, of Achurch, in the said County of Northampton, and of shall be so taken down, or the Money arising by the

' Id ford aforesaid, and Patron of the Rectory and Parish Sale thereof, applied and disposed of in repairing and

Church of Achurch aforesaid, with the Vicarage and new feating the said Parish Church of Achurch, and iu

Parish Church of Lilford aforesaid annexed, and of Lit- making such Additions thereto as shall be thought re-

tlcion Pouys, Clerk, Rector of the Rectory and Parish quilite.

Church of Achurch aforesaid, With the said V icarage and And the Wit ness added,'1 hat the Petitioners have

Vol. 36. 8 N agreed

Cazmove’f

Nat.

Head’s

Name.

Supply.

Bra? brook e Iodofure.

General

Turnpike

At\.

(?oO o* Eebruari 1^78»

agreed, that the said Thomas shall Add to the

Church Yard or Burying Ground in aforesaid,

b Piece of Ground contiguous to the lame* containing ©life Acre, the Property of the said Thomas Pottys, who is to fence in tile same at his Own Expence '; and that, in lieu thereof; the present Church Yard of aforesaid, being less than One Acre, shall be vested in the said Thomas Powys.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fdr effecting Exchanges between Esquire,

and the Rector of the Parish Church of Achurck, with the Vicarage of Lilford annexed, lit the County of Northampton; and for taking dotfm the Parish Church of Lilford aforesaid: And that Sir and

'Mr. Knight ley do prepare, and bring ill, the fame.

A Bill for naturalizing James was read a

Second Time

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Mr. Brett, Sic.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Walter James Head, Esquire, a Minor, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of James only, and to hear the Coat Armour of the Family of John James, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elwes, Mr. Brett, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House 4o resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, he now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly,

Ordered, That the Account, /hewing the extraordinary Expences of calling in, and recoining, the deficient Gold Coin of this Kingdom, in pursuance of His Majesty’s several Proclamations for that Purpose, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty,

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Braybrooke, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ley, Mr. Whilioorth, Sec.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, set Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into " One Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in " being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that 18

" Part of Great Britain called England, and for other " Purposes," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made irt the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for suspending for a limited Time.

" so much bf ari Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of u His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to * explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the General I^aws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads, in that Part of Great.

" Britain called England, and for Other Purposes u as is to subject Carriages having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less-Breadth or Gauge than Six " Inches, to the Payment of double Tolls; and for vacating Contrafts for leafing Tolls," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain,

" amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the " General Laws now in being, for regulating the Turn- pike Roads, in that Part of Great Britain called " England, and for other Purposes," as is to subject Carriages having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, to the Payment of double Tolls; and for vacating Contrafts for leafing Tolls;

The House divided!. *

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas.J }'°°-

Tellers for the Noe.^ ] 27.

So it was resolved in the Affirm five.

Ordered, That Mr. George Onj, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Byng, Mr. Ord, Mr. Thomas Sir Robert

Clayton, the Ix>rd Middleton- Mr. Mr. Powys,

Mr. Penruddoek, and Sir Joseph Mawbey, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts Account of all Ships and Vessels of War, built, rebuilt. Skips built or repaired, from the Year 1771 (inclu/ive) to the 31 It December, 1777, comprehending the several Charges that have attended the fame; and also a List of Ships and Vessels of War, which since 1771 (inclu/ive) have been broken sip; with the Rates of such Ships, distin-guishing those which have been fold after Condemna* tion, and for what Sums.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Middlefn Committee, to whom the Petition of the Noblemen, and Session House the humble Petition of the Gentlemen, named in the Commission of* the Peace for the County of A whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- Rufhdw mon and Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable inclo("re* Lands, in the Parish of Rushden, in the County of thampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Ru/hden, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Powys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Herbert presented to the House, according to famn^dony Order, a Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Twenty- &c-ninth Year of King George the Second, for repairing ^oad' and widening the Road from the Town of in the County of Berks, to the Town of and

'from thence to the Town of Mabncjh in the County of

Call of the House,

Highgtte

10

Barnet

Road.

Towcefcer thro’ Silver stoa Road.

18 Geo. tit. 9* — 16* Pebru691

of Wilts, and the Road from thence to join the Turn-

pike Road at. A cion Turville, in the County o and also the Road from Tetbin the said County, through Malmesbury aforesaid, to Chippenham Bridge-,

and also from Sherstone to join the Turrtpike Road leading from Tetbunj to Bath; and for granting further Powers for amending those Roads; and for amending the Road from a Place near Jackaments Bottom, in the Cirencejtcrand Tetbury Turnpike Road, through CrudiceU and other Parishes, to The High in

Malmefhuryaforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Rill be read a Second Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is 9 lo° dieFebruarii\ Anno iS’ Georgii IIItu Regis, 1778;

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts, for repairing the Road from Highgale Gatehouse, in the County of Miildlesex, to Barnet Blockhouse, in the County of Hertford-, and the Road from the Bear Inn in to The Angel in

Enfield Chaec; and also Canewood lame, leading from Highgate to Hampstead, in the said County of -

/ex; and the Road beginning at Barnet Bbckhouse, and ending at the Bear Inn in Hadley aforesaid 5 was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Billdopafs: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts, for repairing the Road from Highgate Gatehoi/e, in the County of Middlesex, to Barnet Bbckhouse, in the County of Hertford-, and the Road from the Bear Inn in Hadley, to The Angel »n Enfield Chace -, and also Canewood Lane, leading from Highgate to llamp-Jlead, in the said County of Middlesex, and the Road beginning at Barnet Bbckhouse, and ending at the Bear Inn in Hadley aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Byng do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term of an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Towcester, through Silverflon and Brackley, in the County of Northampton, and and Middleton-Slo-

ney, to WestonGate, in the Parish of Weston on the Green,

in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: and that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term of an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Towcester, through Silverston and Brackley, in the Con nty

of Northampton, and Ardley and to

Weston Gate, in the Parish of on the Green, in

the County of Oxford,

Ordered, That Mr. Cafwall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

You. 36.

Mr. Elrves reported from the Committee, to whom Caienove’* the Bill for natural izi \\gjantes Cazenove, was committed;*

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found tile same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed,

A Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers Lta Bridge of an Att, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign Roads, of King George the Second, for building a Bridge over the River Lea, at or near a Place called Jeremy's Ferry; and for making, repairing, and widening, Roads from thence into the great Roads at ill the County of Fffex, and at Clapton, in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Strutt,

Mr. Toicnjhetid,&c.: And they are to meet this’Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and North Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Marilon Grounds, of, and within, the Parish and Liberties of Incl° urc* North Marston, in the County of Bucks, was read a

Second Time. ’

Resolved, that the Bill be committed to Mr. GfCn-vilb, the Lord Bulkeley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir John Goodricke presented to the House, ac- ciiRon upon cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Calder Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Inclostrc. Clifton upon Calder, in the West Riding of the County of 1 York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Mdttheio White Ridley reported from the Com- Horsley mittee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Bar, Powers of an Art, made in the Twenty-fifth. Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from Long Horsley Bar, or Gate, on the Poll Road, near the Town of Morpeth, by or through Long Horsley, Weldon Bridge and Whit-tingham, to the River Breamish, and from thence to Bier-

cy'sCfoJ's,in the County of Northumberland, was commit- /

ted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and madeTeveral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, where agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Rill, with the Amendments be, ingrossed.

Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee, to Cornwall whom the Petition of the High Sheri If, Justices of the Gaol. Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Cornwall, assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden at Bodmin, the gth Day of October 1777, in and for the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

George Brown, being examined, laid, That the Common

Gaol

691 10b — ii° Februarit 177^*

Gaol for the County of Cornwall, is in the Castle of Launce/lon; that it is in a very ruinous (Condition; that the Town of Launcefto stands on the Confines of the said County; and that it would be a great Convenience, and of public Utility, to have a Gaol built near the Centre of the County t that there are some Pieces of Ground, in or near the Borough of Bodmin, very well situated for the above Purpose; and that a House of Correction, and Place of Confinement for Debtors, is very much wanted within the said County.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building an additional Gaol, and all'o a Prison and House of Correction, within the County of Cornwall; and for other Purposes therein mentioned 1 And that Sir William daemon, Mr. Eliot, Sir James and

Mr. Hunt, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ifham Mr. Powys presented to the House, according to Inclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Northampton r And the same was received; and read the First Time.

itefolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Supply. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the.Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth j viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One hundred and Five thousand Two hundred and Twenty-feveu Pounds Eight Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expences incurred in calling in, and re-coining, the deficient Gold Coin of this Kingdom, in Pursuance of Two Acts, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His Majesty’s Reign, and of the several Proclamations issued for that Purpose.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Officer* Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a on Lift of such Officers in His Majesty’s Navy as may have ^*7* been allowed Half-Pay, by virtue of adispensmg Order from the Admiralty, notwithstanding the y held at the Tim^ beneficial Employments in the Service of the Public; together with the Office or Offices they may have held at the Time respectively.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy ii° die Februarii;

Anno 18* Georgii III'" Regis, 1778.

PRAYIRI.

Hardwicke HT' H E House being informed, that the Names of lndofure. JL the Commissioners were not inserted in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Township and Liberties of Hardivicke, in the County of Buckingham, which Bill was, upon Monday last, read a Second Time, and committed;

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the said

Bill was committed, be discharged from proceeding thereupon.

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to present a proper Bill, instead thereof.

The House being informed, that proper Blanks were not left in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of, and within, the Par it h and Liberties of North Mar/lon, in the County of Bucks,

which Bill was Yesterday read a Second Time, and committed;

Ordered, That the Committed, to whom the said Bill was committed, be discharged from proceeding thereupon.

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be gi\jen to present a proper Bill, instead thereof.

Mr. Alderman Oliver reported from the Committee^ to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of in Common

Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Placer and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth,

To prove the Allegations of the said Petit ion, an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling the Reverend I Vi/Jon,-

Doctor in Divinity, Prebendary of the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul, London, to make and grant unto the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London,a Lease of the Prebendal Estate of and Finsbury, in the Suburbs of the said City, for y<j

Years, was produced to your Committee.

Then a Lease executed by the said Christopher Wilson, to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, for the said Term of Years, and subject to such Rents and Reservations as are required and directed by the said Act, was also produced to your Committee. And,

Mr. George Dance, Surveyor to the City of,

being examined, said. That many of the old Buildings on the said Prebendal Estate have been taken down, and new ones erected instead thereof; and that the Petitioners are proceeding to lay out the Remainder of the said Estate into proper Squares and Streets for the Erection of Houses and Buildings for the Accommodation of Merchants and others, according to the Intention of the said Act; that the said Improvements will be of great Advantage, as well to the Petitioners, as to the said Prebendary and his Successors, and also to the' Public in general; that it is absolutely necessary that proper Drains and Sewers should be made for carrying off the Water from such intended new Buildings, as also for draining other Parts of the said Estate. And,-

Mr. George Wyatt, Surveyor of the Sowers for the City of London, being examined, said, That it would be of great Use to the Public, if the Sewers and Drain.- already made, and to be made, within the Division of Finsbury, the Parish of Saint Leonard's, Shoreditch, and the Liberty of Norton Falgate, were differed, under proper Restrictions, to communicate with, and to run? and fall into and through, the Sewers within the City of London. Then,

Mr. Henry Hall, Principal Clerk to the Commissioners of Sewers for the City of London, being examined, in-

formed your Committee, That the Commissioners for the said Division of Finsbury have agreed to payyf. 150 a Year, as a Compensation for the Benefit and Advantage to be derived to them from their having such Communication with the Sewers of the City of London; — That if the Commissioners appointed by an Act, made in the 1 ith

Year

Nonh

Martlon

inclosure.

London; Halliwell and

Finfbirj

Sew era.

18 Geo. III.

Ii° FebrkariL

lebaitding

Newgate.

Year of I Iis present Majesty’s Reign, for consolidating, extending, and rendering more effectual, the Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for making, enlarging, ameuding, and cleansing, the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the City of and Liberties

thereof; and for paving* cleaning, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Paf-i'ages, and Places, and preventing and removing Obstructions and Annoyances within the same, were authorized to defray all or any Part of the Expences of enlarging, widening, deejiening, altering, and removing, the Sewers, public Drains, and Vaults, within, the said City and Liberties thereof, out of the Rates and Assessments directed to be raised by the said Act* for the Purpose of repairing and cleansing the public Sewers, Drains, and Vaults, wh;ch now are, or hereafter shall be made, within the said City and Liberties, they would be better enabled to support the extraordinary Expence of such proposed Communication. And,

Mr. Hyatt, being further examined, informed your Committee, That from the Narrowness of certain Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the said City and Liberties, Foot Passengers are frequently exposed to great Danger, by rueaus of Carts and other Carriages passing through the fame, which might be prevented, if the said ContmilConers were empowered, in certain Cafes, and under proper Restrictions, to cause Bars, Port&, or other Fences, to be erected in such Streets, Lanes, and Passages, for the Security of Persons passing through or along the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making proper Drains and Sewers, for the Purpose of carrying off the Water from the Prebendal Estate of Halliwell and Finsbury, in the Suburbs of the City of London, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Mr. Alderman Oliver and Mr.-Alderman llayley do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Alderman Oliver reported from the Committee* to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor* Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred j That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition* and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth} viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr, William Montagu, the principal Clerk in the Chamberlain’s Office, being afkad, How much Money had been expended in building the Gaol of Newgate, fmee the passing of the Act of the 7th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, which gives Power to rebuild the same ? he produced an Account, whereby it appeared, that the Sum already laid out amounts to £. 52,585. 11. 1 x.

George Dance, Esquire, the City Surveyor, being the n

examined, said, That the Committee appointed for the Purpose of erecting the said Gaol, have, in pursuance of the said Act, proceeded in the building of a new, spacious, and commodious Gaol,

Mr. Jefeph Bu/hnan, Deputv Comptrollerof theCham-berof the City of Londoji, being examined, said, That the City o Il^ndonhave given up to the Public, for the Purpose of building the new' Gaol and Sessions House, aPiece of Freehold Ground, about 600 Feet in Front in the Old Bailey, and about 50 Feet in Front in Neiogaie Street; that the fornipr is worth upwards of 10 Shillings a Foot, running Meaiiire, and the latter 15 Shillings a Foot, for the Purpose of building upon, the Rents whereof product d upwards of£.500 per Annum.Then,

Mr ltu tiard Akerman, being examined, said, That the new Gaol is erected near the Spot where the old Gaol of Newgate stood; that at present it is liealthier than the other was, and, when finished according to the1 1 !.ci now proposed, will be much more so.

Vi.;.

Mr. William Montagu, being again examined, said. That the City of London have expended, of their own proper Money, the Sum of £. 14*464. 13. g{ in erecting’ the Sessions House in the Old Bailey, and have also lahu out, in the Purchase of Freehold Houses necessary to be taken down to make Avenues to the Gaol, the fur- -ther Sum of £.6,250.

Mr. Akerman, being again examined, said, That if an. Infirmary to the Gaol were built, it would contributes greatly to the Health of the Prisoners, as at present. if is in one of the common Wards; and that if it be erected as proposed by the present Plan, it w ill be separate from the other Parts of the Gaol, and prevent the spreading of any Infection that may happen. Then,

George Dance, Esquire, being further examined, informed your Committee, That to finish the Works in and about the Gaol of Newgate, and for the several other Purposes hereunder mentioned, the further. Sum. of £.41,000 will he wanted,' over and above, the £. 50,000 granted by Parliament for the building of it j of which he gave in the following Particulars; viz.

s. d. 6,243 *9 *

1.637 5 5

7,900-----

1,500-----

6,2^0 ----- — .

14,464 13 9I,

3,204 1 7i

£.41,200-----

Due to Artificers at 1777

Advanced by the Chamberlain, exclusive of the Produce of old Materials -

The Sum necessary to complete the Gaol, estimated at -To build an Infirmary Advanced by the City for the Pur* . chafe of Houses in the Old Bailey for enlarging the Avenues to the Gao] and Sessions House -Advanced by, D* for building the Sessions House ... Making private Passage for the Pri-. foners, paving the Sessions House Yard, Surveyors Commission, and other incidental Expences *

He then said. That in the prosecution of the Works in and about the said Gaol, several great unforeseen Expences attended the execution of the Plan, particularly from the Necessity of sinking the Foundation to a great Depth, Owing to its being built upon the old City Ditch; that in some Parts it is near 40 Feet deep, and required great Shorings to pi-event the adjacent Houses falling*- and that the Expence incurred on Account of thele unforeseen Matters only, amounts to £.19,000, or thereabouts. Then,

Mr. William Montagu, being again examined, said. That he is well acquainted with the Orphans Fund that the several Duties of which it is composed are as follow 5

The City’s Estate pays per Ann. *

D* additional - -

ATax upon the Inhabitants of the City For binding over Apprentices in the City On Admission of every Person, when made free - - *

For every Ton of Wine brought into the Port of London -For every Chaldron of Coals brought into the said Port *

D® additional -

10,000

1,500

2,000

s.

d.

— 2 (?

— 5 ~

— 4 —

— 4

---

He then added, That all the said Duties are to continue as long as the Debt exists, except the Six Pence Duty-jon Coals, and the additional Charge upon the City Estate of£. 1,500 per Ann. which, by the said Act’ of the 7th Year of His present Majesty, are to continue: till Michaelmas 1831 , that the Amount of the Debt oh the Orphans Fund, at Mlaft, was, after deducting the - Surplus then in H^nd, the Sum of SO £-835,260;

694

£.835,260. 14. 9J; that the Annual Income arising from the said several Duties, on a Medium of 7 Years, to Mid/ummerlaft, is £. 43,684. 19. 3I; that the Out-

goings now chargeable upon the Annual Produce amount to £.36,234. 19. 3^, which being deducted, leaves an Annual Surplus of £.7,450, which Surplus by the saving of Interest on the Principal discharged, together with the ceasing of the Payment of £. 3,000 Ann. to the Mercers Company, at Michaelmas 1785, will, in 38 Years and 3 Quarters from last, that

is to say, at Lady Day 1816, discharge the whole Debt now due, which will be 15 Years and an Half sooner than the Time limited lor the Continuance of the Six Pence Duty upon Coals, and the Charge of £.1,500 per Ann. upon the City Estate; that if the City were empowered to raise the further Sum of £.40,000, for the several Purposes before-mentioned, to be charged upon the Surpluses of the said Fund, it will only protract the Payment of the whole Debt for Years and 3 Quarters, which will be 10 Years and 3 Quarters sooner than the End of the Term limited for the Continuation of the Duties granted by the said Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty.

Your Committee then examined Mr. Akemian again, who informed them, that the Gaol of Newgate is the County Gaol for London and , and may be

considered as the general Gaol of the whole Kingdom, for Persons guilty of Treason, Piracy, and Smuggling, and for Debtors to the Crown.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 19th Day of this Instant resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

A. 1778.

the said Bridge into the upper Part of the said Town, is so narrow, heep, and incommodious, as to be dangerous for Cattle and Carriages passing through the fame, and that it is incapable of being made perfectly safe and commodious; but that a good and convenient Road might be made from the Welt End of the said Bridge to or near the lower Workhouse, and from thence up the South West Side of the Hill, and through the Back Castle, to the Bottom of the High Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, in the said Town, which would be a general Benefit to the Inhabitants, and of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Bridge over the River Severn, in the Town of Bridgnorth, in the County of Sdlop; and for making a Road from the said Bridge to the Bottom of the High Street, in the said Town: And that Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Hill, and Mr. Baldivyn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Charles Dundas reported from the Committee, to whom the' Bill for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Wigtoun, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

ii° Februarii.

Stirling Mr. Dundas presented to the House, according to Highway*. Order, a Bill for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Stirling: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Severn Mr. Whitmore reported from the Committee, to whom

Bridge, the Petition of the Bailiffs, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Town and Corporation of Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, and of many of the principal Inhabitants of the said Town, and the Neighbourhood thereof, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Hajleivood, being examined, said. That the present Bridge in the said Town is in a very decayed and ruinous Condition; that certain Tolls taken thereat, and the Income of a small Estate, the former producing about Five, and the latter Eight Pounds a Year, are the only Funds appropriated for the Maintenance and Repair of it, and are very insufficient for the Purpose.

And he produced to your Committee, the Plan of ’the Works proposed to be done at the said Bridge, together with an Estimate of the Expence of executing the fame, amounting to upwards of £. 3,000; and fain, that considerable Sums of Money have been voluntarily subscribed, and duly applied in the Repairs of the said Bridge.

Being further examined, he said, That the Street called the Carlway, leading from the West End of

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing James Cazenove, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing James Cazenove.

Ordered, That Mr. Elzoes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir William Lemon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for building an additional Gaol, and also a Prison and House of Correction, within the County of Cornwall; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Copies of all Minutes of the Treasury, relating to furnishing His Majesty’s Army in North America and the West Indies with Clothing, Provisions, Rum, and such other Articles as were intended to be lent, or were actually sent, by their Orders, for the Years 1774 and 1775: And also,

Copies of all Minutes of the Treasury, relating to furnishing His Majesty’s Army in North America and the West Indies with Clothing, Provisions, Rum, and such other Articles as were intended to be sent, or were actually sent, by their Orders, for the Year 1776: And also,

Copies of all Minutes of the Treasury, relating to furnishing His Majesty’s Army in North America and the West Indies with Clothing, Provisions, Rum, and such other Articles as were intended to be sent, or were actually sent, by their Orders, for the Year 1777: And also,

A Lift of the Vessels taken up to carry Live Stock to North America, for the Use of His Majesty’s Forces there, in i 776: And also,

Several Papers, marked N* 1, containing.

Propofols from Messrs. Nesbitt, Drummond, and

Franks,

WigToun

Rrfds

and

Bridgci.

Cazenom*

Nat

Cornwall

Gaol.

Paper ref peeling the Army in

America.

18 Geo. III. n° Febru695

Franks, to furnish Provisions for 12,000 Men in North America.

Proposals from J. Blackburn, Esquire, to supply

100.000 Gallons of Rum for the Use of the Forces in North America, 9th February 1776'.

Proposals from J. Bogle French, Esquire, to supply 100,000 Gallons of Rum for the Use of the Forces in North America, 21st February 1776. Proposals from R. Atkinson, Esquire, for supplying

100.000 Gallons of Rum for the Use of the

Forces in North America, 7th March 1776.

Proposals from John StephenJ'on, Esquire, to augment his Contract for Nova Scotia, gth July 1 776. Proposals from John Stepheu/on and J.

Esquires, for victualling the Forces in Florida.

Proposals from Messrs. Mason and Jones, for victualling the Forces in East Florida.

Proposals from Ma jor Caldwell, for victualling the Forces in Quebec, and Polls depending, 10th December 1776: And also,

N° 2. Containing, »

Letter from Mr. Bacon, respecting the Price of Freight demanded for carry i n g Coals to A meric a, 27th June 1777.

Letter from Mr. Bacon, on his Proposals for supplying Coals for the Use of the Forces in-A'or/A America, 8th July 1777.

Letter from Mr. Bacon, containing Estimate of the Expence at which Coals may be had in the llland of Cape Breton, gth July 177*

Letter from Mr. Bacon, with Lift of ships engaged to carry Coals to New York, and desiring Orders may be given for their being carried there Duty-free, 14th August 1777.

Letter from Mr. Bacon, with Lift of Ships engaged by him to carry Coals to America, 21st dug ujl 1777.

Letter from Mr. Bacon's Agent, respecting Ships engaged to carry Coals to America, 23d August 1777-

Letter from Mr. Bacon, relative to Coals from Cape Bieton to America, 25th November 1777: And also,

N° 3. Containing,

Letter from Sir Grey Cooper to Mr. Merry, respecting his Propofols to furnish Live Cattle for the Forces in North America, 26th January 1776.

Letter from Sir Grey Cooper to Mr. Mem/, respect-ing his Proposals to furnish Live Cattle for the Forces in North America, 24th February 1776. Letter from Sir Grey Cooper to Sir William Howe, relative to Mr. Mern/'s Commission to furnish Live Cattle for the Forces in America, 19th April 1776: And also,

N° 4. Containing,

Letter from Mr. Dcvaynes to Mr. in which Mr. Dcvaynes declines making Proposals for furnishing Coals for the Use of the Forces in North America, Sc.£th August 1777: And

also,

N° 5. Containing,

Letter from James Bogle French, Esquire, with his Proposals for supplying Rum for the Use of the Forces in North America, 10th February 1776.

Letter from James Bogle French, Esquire, relative to his Proposals for supplying Rum for the Use of the Forces in North America, 13th February 1776.

Letter from Mr. Blackburn, relative to his Propofols for supplying Rum for the Use of the Forces in North America, 22d February 1776.

Letters from Mr. Davijbnto Mr. Robinson, 23d February wad 27th March 1776: And also, Vot. 36.

N° 6. Containing,

Letter from Major Caldzverelating to his Propofols for victualling the Forces in Quebec, Sc.

16th December 1776.

Letter from Ditto, relative to the Augmentation of the Price of his Propofols for victualling the Forces in Quebec, Sc. 24th December 1776. Calculation of the Difference between the Contracts for Provisions of lall Year, and Major Caldwell's Propofols.

Major Caldwell's Propofol relative to the Provision ContraCl, 5th January 1777.

Letter from Colonel Caldwell, relative to his Propofol for supplying the Army in Canada with Provisions, 5 th January 1777.

The Contractor’s Answer to Mr. s Queries.

Memorial of Mr. Blackburn, relative to the Supply of the Soldiers at Providence with Provisions.

Calculation of Provisions as paid for by the Navy: And also,

N° 7. Containing,

Copy of Minutes relative to the Provisions for the Troops in America, delivered to the Contractors for their Consideration.

Letters from Messrs. Drummond, et al. Contractors for victualling the Forces in America, to Mr. Robirfon, 27th February 1777.

Copy of a Paper received from the Contractors, on the Propofols delivered to them for the Renewal of the Contract for supplying the Troops in America.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the Titles of the said Copies and Lilt, and the said Schedule, were read.

Ordered, That the said Copies, Lilt, and Papers, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copies, Lilt, and Papers, are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Lord Hinchingbrook reported to the House, That their Addresses of Friday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions that the several Papers therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been prefen ted to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts, passed in the Sixth and Twelfth Years of King George the First, the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, and the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Stevenage, in the County of Hertford, to Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, and other Roads therein mentioned, without ally Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent (Part of the Estates devised and settled by the Will of John Thoyts, deceased) in Trustees, to be sold, and conveyed to Sir Gideon,

Baronet, and his Heirs; and for laying out the Monies arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled to and upon the like Uses and Trulls in the said Will; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Charles Wyndham, Esquire (now called

Edwin)

Answer to

Addresses for Papers.

Stevenage,

&c.

Roadi.

Thoyt’t

Estatei.

Wyndhim’s

Namf.

Stow

Poor*

Horsley

Bar,

&c.

Road.

G alley Corner Road.

Paper*

respecting the Army in America.

696 11 0 Februarii.1778.

Edwin) anr\ his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Edwin only; to which the Lords desire the

Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Charles Banbury reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors, and others, Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Hundred of Slow, in the County of was

referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table j Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Dobson, being examined, said. That the said

Hundred consists of Fourteen Parishes, the Poor of which are very numerous, and maintained at a great Expence; and he added, that if a proper Place was provided for the Reception and Employment of the said Poor, they might be much better provided for, and at a less Expence, than at present, which would be of great Advantage to all Persons liable to contribute to their Maintenance and Support.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of Stow, in the County of Suffolk: And that Sir Charles Banbury, Mr. Holt, and Mr. Wollaston,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from Long Bar,

or Gate, on the Poll Road, near the Town of Morpeth, by or through Long H Weldon Bridge, and Whittingham, to the River Breamish, and from thence to Piercy's Cross, in the County of Northumberland,

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from Long Horsley Bar, or Gate, on the Poll Road, near the Town of Morpeth, by or through Iwnig Horsley, Weldon Bridge, and Whittingham, to the River Breamijk, and from thence to Cross, in

the County of Noj'thumberland.

Ordered, That Sir Mattheio White Ridley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three Acts, of the Third and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner, adjoining to Enfield Chafe, in the Parish of South Mims, in the County of Middlesex, to Lem.ford Mill, in the County of Hertford, is committed.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

N° 1. Totals of the Embarkation Returns of all the British Corps, which have been font from Great Britain

or Ireland, to any Part of North America, in the Years 1774, 1775, 1776, and 1777, exclusive of Marines; And also,

N° 1. Totals of the Embarkation Returns of the Hefftan, Brunswick, Waldcck, llanau, and Anfpach Troops, font to North America, in the Years 177b and 1777; And also,

N° 3. Return of all Recruits which have been sent to North America, in the Years 1774, 1775, 177b, and 1777, British as well as Foreign, distinguishing each

Corps: And also,

N° 4. Totals of the Monthly Returns of tlte Britjk Land Forces in North America, dated lit AugUfl 1774, ill August 1775, and ill December 177b; being allb the greatest Number of Land Forces in North America, during the said Years; with the Totals of the State of the British Forces under Sir William Howe, dated 14th December 1777, being the Return of the greatest Number of British Troops under his Command in that Year; And also,

N° 5. Totals of the State of Troops, and

Regiment of Waldeck, under the Command of Sir William Howe, the 22d of November 177b, being the greatest Number of Foreign Troops under his Command in that Year; And»also,

N° 6. Total of the Monthly General Return of the British Troops, Canada, ill November 1776, being the Return of the greatest Number of British Land Forces, under the Command of Sir Guy Carleton, in that Year; And also,

N° 7. Total of the General Monthly Return of the German Troops, Canada, ill November 1776, being the Return of the greatest Number of Foreign Troops, under the Command of Sir Guy Carleton, in that Year; And also,

N° 8. Total of the Monthly General Return Of the Brit if 1 Troops, Canada, ill F 1777, being the Return of the greatest Number of British Land Forces, under the Command of Sir Guy Carleton, in that Year: And also,

N° 9. Total of the General Monthly Return of the German Troops, Canada, ill 1777, being the

Return of the greatest Number of Foreign Troops, under the Command of Sir Guy Carleton, in that Year: And also,.

N° 10. Totals of the Return of Eleven additional Companies in Canada, dated Quebec, ift July 1777: And also,

N°n. Totals of the State of the Foreign Troops under Sir William Howe, dated 14th of December 1777, being the greatest Number of Foreign Troops under his Command in that Year.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

The Lord Barrington also presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge-of several Augmentations to His Majesty’s Forces, from the respective Times within mentioned, to the 24th December 1778, inclusive.

And the said Schedule, and the Title of the said Estimate, were read, *

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the State of the Nation.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Section; and the said Estimate i» as followeth; viz.

18 Geo. III. ii° Februarii. 697

ESTIMATE of the Charge of several Augmentations to His Majesty’s Forces, from the respective Times

under mentioned, to the 24th December 1778, inclusive.

Augmentation to One Regiment of Foot at Gibraltar from 25th December 1777 to 24th 1778,

both inclusive, being 365 Days ..

D* to Three other Regiments for the same Time

One Company of Foot, from 16th 1778 to

2.4th December following, both inclufrve, being 343 Days -

D* from 23d January 1778 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 336 Days -

Levy-Money for the Augmentation to the Four Regiments, at £.5. 5 per Man, for 760 Men -

1> for Two Companies of Foot, at £. 3 per Man, for 216 Men -

Total

Numbers. Charge. TOTAL.

200 600 800 2,646 5 — 7>938 *5 " *0,585 —

ii6 - - 1,855 1 *

116 to — 232 1,817 4 — 3,672 5 2

m - - 3,990

648 A £ O ft , - .

4,030 — —

» 1,032 - ‘ £ 18,895 5 2

War Office, nth February 1778,

Barrington.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

*Per Lord George Germain presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Dunmore’t Copy of Proclamation issued by the Earl of Dun-Ptockznation more, 7 th Not ember 1775.

An a the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy he referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the State of the Nation.

The said Copy is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself into c °" a Committee of the whole House, to consider further M of the State of the Nation;

Nation

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Piilteney took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pulteney reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Monday Morning next, " and inferring the Words " Tomorrow Sevennight, the 19th Day of this Instant ,"

instead thereof.

And 1110 Question being pnt, That the Words " Monday Morning next," (land Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being proposed, to insert the Words " Tomorrow Sevennight, the 19th Day of " this Instant. February,"iultead thereof;

Vol. 3b.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out the Words " Sevennight, " the 19th Day of this Instant February."

And the Question being put, that the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the said Amendment;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question being put, That the Words " Tomorrow Sevennight, the 19th Day of this Instant " February f be inserted in the main Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the main Question, so amended, being put;

Refeived., That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 19th Day of this Instant , re-

Iblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

S P

Committees.

Supply1.

Ways and Mean*.

>x 30 FebruariL ' . A. 1778.

Kctnworth

inclosure.

Castle

Donington

inclosure.

Lathom

and

Skclmcrfdale

inclosure.

Chippenham

Bridge

Roads,

Achurch and Li 1 ford Exchanges Ac.

Thoytl E dates.

Veneris, 130 die Februarii;

Anno 18* Georgii III"' Itegis, 1778.

Prayers.

SI R John Palmer presented to the House, recording

to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Opeu Arable Fields, Open Meadows, Common Paf-111 res, and Common Grounds, within the Parish of Kegicorth, in the County of And the fame

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time/

Si rjohnPalmer presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Comon Pastures, within the Lordship or Parish of Cafle Dotting ton, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First'Time. Rejoiced, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Henry lloghton reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manors of La//torn and Skdmerfdale, in the Parish of Ormskirk, in the County Palatine of Lawas committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations oflhc Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed [dm to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir William Codringfen presented to' the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarg'e the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of -.the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, lor repairing and widening the Roads leading from Chippenham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Togg Hill, in the County of Gloucester; and from ( hipimiham Bridge aforesaid, to the Top of Old Sodhury

Hill, in the said County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Si t William Wake presented to the House, according

toOrdec»a Bill for effectingExchanges between Thomas Powys, Esquire, and the Rector of the Parish Church of Achurch, with the Vicarage of Lilford annexed, in the County of Northampton; and for taking down the Parish Church ot Lilford aforesaid: And tl»e same was

received; and redd the First Time. "

Jtefokcd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the I^ords, intituled, An Act for yefting certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent (Part of the Estates devised and settled by the Will of John Thoyts, deceased) in Trustees, to be sold, and conveyed to Sir Gideon, Baronet, and his Heirs; and for laying out the Monies, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of ther Lauds and Hereditaments, to be convcved and

settled to and upon the like Uses and Trusts in the said Will, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Daniel Lascelles reported from the Committee* to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " widening and repairing the High Road leading from " Northallerton to the South Wall of the Church Yard " of the Town of Thirsk, and from the South Loll " End of the Street called Street, in Thirsk

" aforesaid, to and through the Town of " in the County of York, to a Place called Burton " Stone, near the City of York; and also the Road " from Thirsk aforesaid to 7 ape life, in the North Riding of the County of York," and several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been com-

Klied with; and that the Committee had examined the latter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

Christopher Golton, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act . in execution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money, which has been applied according to the Directions thereof; that the Sum of £.6,478, and upwards, now remains due upon the Credit of the said Act; that the Term of the said Act is near expiring; and that the Money now owing cannot be repaid, mor the Roads kept in proper Repair, un|efs the Term granted by the said Act is further continued, the Tolls incrc^fed; and the Powers thereof altered and 'enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of tin- Reign of his late Majesty, for widening and repairing the High Road leading from to the South Wall of the Church Yard of the Town of Thirsk, and from the South East End of the Street called Finked Street in Thirsk aforesaid, to and through the Town of Eajtngwould, in the County of York, to a Place called Burton Stone, near the City of Y'drk-, and also the Road from Thirsk aforesaid to in

the North Riding of the County of York: And that Mr. Daniel Lascelles, and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Mr. Grenville presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish and Liberties of North Marston, in the County of Bucks: And the fame

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Beauchamp reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in execution Three Acts of Parliament, of the First, the Seventeenth, and the Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Eve/ham, in the County of and

amending other Roads mentioned in -the said Acts; and also of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, in the Counties of Worcester and Warwick; and also the Petition of the Trustees for putting in

execution

Northallerton

&c.

Road.

North

Marston

inclosure.

Evefliam

lo

Alccftcf

Road.

Let

18 Geo. IIL 13d Februdriu 6a$

execution Three Acts of Parliament, of the FiWi, the Seventeenth, and the Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late M a jetty King George the Second, for repairing fever:11 Roads leading to and from the Borough of

Eve/ham, in the County of and amending

other Roads mentioned in the said Act, and also of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, in the Counties o (Worcester and and also

the Petition of the Trustees for putting in execution Three Acts of Parliament, of the First, the Seventeenth, and the Tlurtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Eve (ham, in the County of Warcefcr, and amending other Roads

mentioned in the said Acts, and also of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, in the Counties of I To reaper and Warwick, were federally referred; That fl#e Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 177;, relatne to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; a 11 that the Committee hail examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report t he fam?, as they appeared to them, to the House; and lie real the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where tl»e same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, the said Acts were read: And,

Charles Welsh, Klijuire, being examined, laid, That the Road liotn 1 he Bridge, in the said Borough, to the Globe Inn in the Market Town o in the said

County of Warwick, is in a miaous Condition, and in many Parts narrow, incommodious, and inconve-nieut for Passengers; that so much thereof as leads from The Bridge in the said Borough, to the Village of Norton, in the County of Worcester, is comprized in the said Acts, and belongs to a District of Roads called Stonebow Dislrid; and tl»at another Part of the said Road, leading from Norton aforesaid, to ton Heath, and a certain Branch of Road from thence to a Place called Crab'Ss Cro/w’as, by the said Act- of the Thirtieth of his late Majesty, also directed to be Impaired.

That the Trustees for the Care of the said Roads, finding tl.at the Tolls authorized to be collected upon fitch Part thereof as lies between Norton and Crabb's i!>yf> aforesaid, wore not sufficient to put the same in good Repair, have not for many Years collected any 'l olls, nor borrowed any Money towards repairing the said Road; and that no Money is owing on any Part of the said Roads.

And the Witness further said, That if the Road from Ev esham Bridge to Alcejle aforesaid, was included

in One Act of Parliament, the same might be effectually amended and kept in Repair; and that the repairing the Branch of Road from Heath

to Crabb's Cro/s aforesaid, will be of no public Utility.

Mr. William Hunt, being examined, said, That Part of the Road between Evjhttm and Alcester, lying between a House called Butler's House, and a Spring called Paddock Spring, in tl»e Parish of Arrow, is at

present a hollow Way, and very incommodious for Travellers; but might be much shortened and improved, if the Course thereof was changed, and carried over certain inclosed Lands belonging to Lord Viscount Beauchamp i and that if the said Road is so changed, and a convenient Foot Path made on the Side thereof, and certain other Foot Paths let out. near the said Road, over the Lands of the said Lord Beauchamp, the same will be more convenient than the present Foot Paths now leading over his Lordship’s Lands.

That Lord Bea itch bmp hath contented that the said Road shall be made over his Land, as before described; and is also willing, at his own Expence, to raise and jnake a convenient Foot Path on the Side of the said - Vot. 36.

Road; and also to set out certain other convenient Foot Paths over other Part of his Lands, and to keep the same in Repair, provided that certain Foot Paths shall be stopped up and discontinued for the future.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing certain Parts of Three several Acts of Parliament, of the First, the Seventeenth; and the Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, made for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Eve/kam, in the County of Worcester;and for repairing and widening the Road from Evesham in the said

Borough, to the Globe Inn in Alcej, in the County of Warwick: And that the Lord Beauchamp, Sir.

John Rushout, and Mr, Skipwish, do prepare, and-bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers stokmciiurcH of an Act, made in the Second Year of His- present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering more ef- Road*

" feftual several Acts, passed in the Fifth Year of his " late Majesty King George the First, and the Thirteenth " Year of his late Majesty King George the Second,

" for repairing the Roads from the Top " Hill to Enjlow Bridge, through the City of " by Begbroke, to New Woodflock, in the County of

" Oxon; and for repairing the Road from the Crown.

Ale house to the Turnpike on Stokenchurch Hill aforesaid; and for repairing the Mileways on each Side " of the said City, as therein mentioned," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: and that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the x Road from Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford, to Wheatley Bridge, and from the said Bridge to Bridge; and from Wheatley Bridge to the,

leading towards Magdalen Bridge; and from the Mile-way, leading from Saint Giles's Church, near the City,

of Oxford, by Begbroke, to New Woodstock, in the said County.

Ordered, That Lord Charles Spencer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An WynidhanA Act for enabling Charles Wyndham Esquife (now Name, called Charles Edwin) and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Edwin only, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Commissioners for executing an Southwark Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, Paving, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Southioark, and certain Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That, by an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for completing " the Bridge cross the River Thames, from Black-"friars, in the City of London, to the opposite Side " in the County of Surrey, and the Avenues thereto " on the London Side; for redeeming the Tolls on the " said Bridge, and on London Bridge; for rebuilding " the Gaol o^ Newgate in the said City, for repairing The Royal Exchange within the lame; for embanking Part of the North Side of the said River,

" within certain Limits; and for further continuirlg,

" towards those Purposes, the Imposition of Sixpence " per Chaldron or Ton of Coals and Culm, imported " into the Port of the said City, established by an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of " King William and Queen Mary, and also for carrying on the new Pavements in the City and Liberties of 1 Veftminster, and Parishes adjacent, and, in

" the Town and Borough of Southwa, and for other " Purposes therein mentioned," the Sum of^. 156,000

was

Napton

Inclosure.

Shuckburgh

Inclosure*

Bunflcy

Common

fee.

Road,

700 130 Februarii. A. 1778.

was allowed to be borrowed, for the Purpose of carrying on several public Works therein mentioned; and, in order to ellablhh a Fund for repaying such Sum, the Dufies on Coals and Culm, imported in the Port of London were further continued to Michaelmas 1831; and rhat £. 50,000, Part of the before-mentioned Sum of £. 156,000, was, by the last mentioned Act, directed to be applied in re-building the Goal of Newgate, and other Purposes relative thereto; and £. 12,000 was

fiven to the Petitioners, to enable them to execute their Yu A; and that great Progrel's has been made in paving the said Town and Borough of Southwark; but the Petitioners have not been able to complete the feme, owing to the Extent of the Works, and the I11-stifliciency of the Monies applicable thereto by the said Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty; and further setting forth, that it appears, by the Votes, that the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, have petitioned for Power to raise a further considerable Sum of Money, upon the Credit of the Surplufes to arise from the said Fund, charged upon the Duties on Coals and Culm, to be applied in completing the re-building of Newgate, building a Sessions House, and doing other public Business, alledging, that ‘ the whole Debt Charged upon the said Coal Duties will nevertheless be paid off long before the Time allowed by the said Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty; and that the Works under the Petitioner’s Management are of a Public Nature; and a very considerable Proportion of the Duties on Coals is paid by the Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Southwark, and Parts adjacent, there being many Brewers, Glass-Makers, Distillers, Dyers, Founders, and others, uling immense Quantities of Coals in their several Bulinesses carried on there: And therefore praying, That, if any further Sum be allowed to be borrowed upon the Surplufes to arise of the said Duties on Coals and Cuhn, to be applied for the Purposes mentioned in the said Petition from the City of London, a Part of such Surplufes may likewise be appropriated to completing the Public Work of paving within the said Town and Borough of Southwark, and Parts adjacent, directed to be done by the said Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, or that the Petitioners ;mfty have l'nch other Belief in the Premises as to the House 11ia.II appear reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consuleration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Joseph Sir Charles

Whiticorfh, See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock,'in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. ’

Mr. Skipuithpresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish and Liberties of Napton upon the Hill, in the county of :

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Skipnith presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, called Shuckburgh Fields, in the County of Warwick:And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Cecil Wray reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Trustees, whole

Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of thern-selves, and the rest of the Trustees appointed to put in execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty- second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled " An Act for repairing and " widening the Road leading from the Fall Side of " Barnsley Comnwn, in the County of York, to the " Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White " Cross-, and also the Road from The Guide in

Barugh, to a Rivulet called Brook-, and

" from thence for Two hundred Yards over and beyood the same Rivulet, or Brook, into the Township of Caivlhorne, in the said County," was refer*-red; That the Committee had examined, and foutid that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed hint to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Luke-Noble, being examined, said, That the Trustees have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls collected upon the said Roads, which, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied: and that great Progress hath been made in repairing the said Roads; but that the Money so borrowed cannot be paid off, and the Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is further continued; and some Amendments and Alterations made in the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Tlnrty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Kin the Second,

for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East Side of Barnsley Common, in the County of York, to the Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White'Cross and also the Road from the Guide Post in Barugh, to a Rivulet called Barugh Brook; and from thence for Two hundred Yards over and beyond the same Rivulet, or Brook, into the Township of Cawthorne, in the said County: Aud that Sir Cecil Wray, Sic George Suvand Mr. LaJ'celles, do

prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Cliester presented to the House,. according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, die Open Common Fields, Common Paliures, and all other Commonable Lands, in the Tythings of Framp-ton and Hayley, in the Parish of Sapper ton, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refqlved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord George Cavcvdish reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, and Stinted Paliures, or Waste Grounds, in the Manor of North Dalton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that, the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, ty the Satislaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Five Cottages and Half an Oxgang of Land, who could not be met with; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed, consists of 122 Oxgangs, and there are Twelve Messuages, and Thirty-six Cottages, having Right of Common upon the Lands intended to be inclosed; and that no Person appeared before th% 16 Committee

Framptoo

and

Haylej

Inclosure,

North

Daltoa

Inclosure.

Long

Whfttroo

lociofur*

Ttchmarsh

lncioiurc

Klmcotte

tiuL

Wmlton

Inclosurt.

London sack’t Nat.

Sapcote

Inclosure.

Great

'Biliing

inclosure.

Wen lock Roads,

18 Geo. III. tf Febtuaril. jot

Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, iu at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Grey reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, and Common or Waste Land, in the Lordship of Long JV/iatton, in the County of was

committed That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with: and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of about Twenty-nine Acres of Land in the said Fields, who refiifed to sign the Bill; and that the said Fields and Lands intended to be inclosed, contain about Two thousand Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; winch they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments

were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled.

A Meftage from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of , in the County of Northampton i without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable I^ands, in the Liberties of Kimcoate and Walton, in the Parishes of and

Knaptoft, in the County of without any

Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Charles Frederick without any Amendment: And also.

The Ix>rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish, Lordship, and Liberty, of in the County of Leicester;without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Heath, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Great Billing, in the County of with-

out any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Hopkins presented to the House, according to . Order, a lidl for enlarging the Term and Powers of an. VOL. 36.

Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for ameuding, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House, in the Town of Mach in

the County of Salop; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, tl»e Road leading from Gleelon Hill to Cressage, in the said County: And the fame

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Secotad Time.

Ordered, That Sir William Guise do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Truliees lor an Act, passed in the Thirty-lirft Year of his late Majesty Kingsriw^e the Second, for enlarging the Terms and Powers of several Acts, passed for amending the Road from Gloucester to Stone, and the several Roads leading from Brifol, and likewise several other Roads in the respective Acts mentioned, was referred.

Sir William Guise accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the' 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had

been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in life Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. John Edwards, Clerk and Treasurer to the Truliees, being examined, said, That they have divided the Roads, committed to their Care, into Districts, for the more easy and effectual execution of the Trulls repo fed in them, the whole Extent thereof be ing u p wards of 80 Miles; that there has been a considerable Progress made in repairing the Road from the City of Gloucester to the Town of Stroud, in doing which a large Sum of Money has been expended, which still remains a Debt upon the Credit of the Tolls, which cannot be paid off, nor the Amendment of the said Branch of Road be finished, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts are further enlarged; and that he apprehends it would be very beneficial to the Road from Gloucester to Stroud, if the same were established a District distinct from the several other Roads comprized in the said Acts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Thirty-lirft Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for enlarging the Terms and Powers of several Acts passed for amending the Road from Glance Her to Stone, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, so far as the same relates to1 the Road from the City of Gloucester to the Town of Stroud, in the County of Gloucester;and for granting

other Powers for amending the said Road: And that Sir William Guise, Mr. Barrow, and Mr. Cliefer, do1 prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Sir William Guise do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Truliees to an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening the Roads leading from the City of " Gloucester, towards Cheltenham and Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester to wit, the Road leading from the City of Gloucester, to The Smith's Shop, at or near a Place called Bedlam (being Part of the Road from the said City to Cheltenham, in the County of

Gloucester)through the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Brecinfts of Saint Mary de Load, Woo for., Longford, Elbridge, Churchdown, St aver ton, Boddington, Heydon, Uckington, Arse, and Swindon, in the said County of Gloucester j and also the Road leading from the said

8 Q City,

Gloucester

and

Stone

Road).

Gfou defter and Tewkeftwfy Hoads*

r-

Keighley

to

Kirkby

Kendal

Road.

702

130 Februarii.

A \ 1778.

City, towards Tewke/buty, to a certain Bridge upon the said Hoad, at or near a Place called Norton Mill (being Part of the Upper Road from to

Tewke/buiy aforesaid) through the several Parishes Hamlets, and Preempts, of Saint

Catherine otherwise Saint Of King's JJolm, Longford, 7 \cigworth, Downhatherlaj, and Norton, in the said

County of Gloucester, was referred.

Sir William Guijc accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Edward Driver, Clerk to the Trustees, being examined, said. That the said Act has been put in execution, to the Advantage of all Persons travelling the said Roads; that the Trustees have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money, which has been applied according to the Directions of the said Act, and that the Term is near expiring; that the Money now owing cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in sufficient Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act is further continued, and other Powers given.

Ordered, That. Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the City of Gloucejtowards Cheltenham and Tewkesbury, in the County of And that

Sir William Gui/e, Mr. Barrow, and Mr. Chefer, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Persons interested in that Part of the Turnpike Road from Keighley, in the County of York, to Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Westmoreland, which leads from Coicen otherwise Coin Bridge, in the County of to Kirkby

Kendal aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Bill is depending for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for making the said Turnpike Road, which Road extends for upwards of 50 Miles', and that the Petitioners and others, interested in that Part of the said Road which lies in the County of Westmor eland, labour under

many Ilardships; and that, if the said Road was divided into Two Districts, and the Branch

of the Road was separated from the Branch which lies in the County of York, and a proportional Part of the Debt charged on each District, the Petitioners are well satisfied that it would be for the Benefit of the Road in general, and would remove fume of the Hard-ships under which themselves, and others, in the Counties of Westmoreland and Lancaster, labour: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give them such Relief as to the Hon fe shall teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second,

intituled, "An Act for repairing, amending, and " widening, the Road from Keighley, in the West " Riding of the County of York, to Kirkby in Kendal,

" in the County of Westmoreland," is committed.

Ordered, That it be an lustruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in

the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Birch« the Birches Brook to Buildioas Bridge, and from thence Brook through the Parishes of Buildioas, Ixighton, Eaton Confiantine, and Wroxeter, to join the Watling Street Turnpike Road, at Tern Bridge, in the County of Salop, was read a Second Time.

Itejbived, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldwyn,

Sir Herbert Mackworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Buller, from the Commissioners for executing Account;

the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain,

presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A Paper, intituled, " The Names arid Force of " His Majesty’s Ships and Veil'ds which have been " built or repaired with Stettin Timber, since the " 30th September 1770, to the present TimeAnd also.

An Account of the Quant ity of Timber which

was remaining in Store, and due upon Contraft, in-His Majesty’s Dock Yards, the 30th September 1770, and 30th September 1777.

And the Titles of the said Paper and Account were read.

Ordered, That the said Paper and Account do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper and Account are preservedamongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Gascoyne reported from the Committee, to whom The Small*

the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Assistanfs, Lighthouse. of the Corporation of Trinity House of Depford Stroud, was referred; That the Committee had examined the.

Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, for empowering the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond to erect - and set up Beacons, Marks, and Signs, for the Sea, needful for avoiding of Dangers, and to renew, continue, and maintain the fame, in such Manner as therein is mentioned, was produced to your Committee.

Then Letters Patent, dated the 11th Day of June, in the Thirty-sixth Year of her said late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, for vesting in the said Corporation the Office of Beaconage and Buoyage, together with all Fees, Advantages, Profits, and Rights, payable or appertaining to that Office, were also produced to your Com- . mittee. And,

Mr. Henry Whitefides,a Surveyor, and an Officer

in the Culioui House of Liverpool, being examined, said, That there are some very dangerous Rocks, called the Smalls, lying in Saint George's Channel; that he has been on them several Times, within these Four Years, and has been there for Six Months together, affiiling to erect a Light House; that the said Light House has been erected, and a Light exhibited thereon, which is very useful in directing Ships through Saint George's Channel; that by a violent Storm, in December 1776, the said Light House received great Damage by the Force of the Wind and Sea, by Reason the same was not sufficiently elevated to avoid the Force of the Sea; but that it is now meant 'to be erected upon a. higher Elevation, which may be done, though at a. considerable Expence, and will afford Protection to all Vessels using and navigating those Seas, and be of general Benefit. Then,

Mr.

1

t

18 Geo. III.

Mr. Thomas Riehardson, Master of a Ship on this

Coalling Trade from Liverpool to being examined, laid. That he has been Thirty Years concerned iu that Trade, Twenty of which as a Mailer; That he knows the Rocks called the Smalls; that they are the moil dangerous Rocks thereabouts; that Vessels navigating aie obliged to keep close to the Shore, in order to avoid them; that a Light House, properly established thereon, would be of great Lie; and that this is the Opinion of all Persons concerned in the Coasting Trade; that in January 1776, the present Light House was the means of laving himself and Ship, without which they should have been loft; that the present Light House can be distinguished from the Light Houseat Sai Anns.

Mr. Edu ard Jefferies and Mr. 'J'homasSpencer, Masters of Goading Vessels from Liverpool to confirmed the foregoing Evidence with respect to the I tility and Convenience of the said Light House. The..;

Mr. Jonathan Thcmpfon, Solicitor to the Corporation of the Trinity JlouJ'e,produced to your Committee

feicral Papers, containing Applications to the Corporation, by many hundreds of Merchants, Traders, Owners, and Masters of Ships, using or interested in the Navigation of Saint George's and the Bristol Channels, requeuing them to cause a Light House, which hath been erected on One of the said Rocks, to be repaired, or a new one, inllead thereof, to be erect«d upon such of the said Rocks as the said Corporation ft.ould adjudge to be moll beneficial to Navigation; and eonfenring, that, for defraying the Charges and Ex (letters attending the fame, and the Maintenance thereof, and of Lights therein, reasonable Duties might be iir.posed and taken, for or in respect of all BIrish, or Foreign Ships, and other Vessels, which should pass to, from, by, or near the said Rocks, or in Sight thereof, or should or might have any Benefit by the said Light House or Light Houses, or which should pass between Cap: Clear, in the County of Cork, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and the Land's End, in the County of Cornwall, and so up the Bristol Channel,

tall ward of the Isle of Lundy, or to Milford Haven; or passing Milford Haven, or Linn Point, in the County of Pembroke, or the Smalls, in any Direction within Twelve Leagues of the said Light Houses or Beacons.

'I'hen Letters Patent under the Great Seal, dated 5th August 1774, containing a Grant of the said Rock

to John Phillips, Esquire, for the Term of Fifty Years, were produced to your Committee.

And an Alignment of the said Letters Patent, dated 201I. July 1777, from the said John Phillips to William Crosby, Thomas and Peter Kirby,

of Liverpool, Merchants, ami John of

j>ool, Suilmaker, was allb produced to your Committee.

Then another Assignme.it of the said Letters Patent, dated 26th January 1778, from the said John Phillips, William Crosby, Thomas Golighlly, Peter Kirby, end John Robinson, to the Corporation of the Trinity

House, for the Kelidue of the said Term, was also products! to your Committee.

And the said Mr. Thumpf n, and Mr. Charles Wyld-bore, Secretary to the Corporation of the Trinity House, informed your G'ommittee, That the Corporation have taken the said Requell info Consideration, and, being of Opinion that such a Light House will be of great public I‘tility, and moreover tend to the Preservatiort of His Majesty’s Navy, have resolved to comply with the Reqiuiis contained in t!>e said Applications to them, upon the Conditions therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Corporation of inity Deptford

S^und, to establish and maintain, a Light House on

Vol. 36.

7°3

tile Rocks called the Smalls, in Saint George's.

And that Mr. Gajioyne and Mr. James do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1778, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, in the Year 1778, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report. When the House will pleqfe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that

they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to llis Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon Monday Ways and

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mean*‘ House, to consider further of Ways' and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is L°ng concerned in the Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- jnciofure closing, the Open Fields, and Common or Waste Land, in tin; Lordship of Long Wthe County of Leicester; which Bill was this Day reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

The Lord Xorth, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the fair! Bill, gives Hi*

Cotifent, as fi.r as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they ilia.ll think fit.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luncei i6° die Februarii;

Anno 18* Georgii IIIril Regis, 1778.

Prayers;.

XT O T IC E being taken, that there were many Era- Napton 1\ fares and Interlineations in the Bill for dividing lcclofura. and in closing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parifit and Liberties of Napton upon the , in the County of Warwick; which Bill was upon Friday

fall

11* — i 6°Februarii.

7°4

16* Februarii. J. 1778

lad read the First Time, and ordered to be read a Second Time;

Ordered, That the Order for the Second Reading of the said Bill be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to present a proper Bill, indead thereof.

Shuckburgh . Notice being taken, that there were many Erafures nc o urr. antj interlineations in the jju for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, called S/iMc-A6wrg7j Fields, in the County of which Bill was upon

Friday lad read the Fird Time, and ordered to be read a Second Time >

Ordered, That the Order for the Second Reading of the said Bill be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to present a proper Bill, indead thereof.

Majesty, for widening and repairing the High Roarl leading from Nor! halier ton to the South Wall the Church Yard of the Town of and from the

South Ead End of the Street called Finkcll Street, in Thirsk aforesaid, to and through the Town of Eajing-tvould, in the County of York, to a Place called Burton Stone, near the City of York ami also the Road from Thirsk aforesaid to Topcliffe, in the North Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the Fird Time.

llefolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Earl Verna;presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Township and Liberties of Ilardicicke, in the County of Buck-

ingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Mefolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Long An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-Iclof 1°" cl°fin£> the Open Fields, and Common or Waste Land, ' ie‘ in the Lordship of Long TVhatton, in the County of

Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, and Common or Waste Land, in the Lordship of Long What ton, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr Grey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

North An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Balton Open Fields, and Stinted Pastures or Waste Grounds, Inclosuie. in the Manor of North Dalton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, and Stinted Pastures or Waste Grounds, in the Manor of North Dalton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Huntfpil! Mr. Page reported from the Committee, to whom Rectory. the Petition of the Mailer and Scholars of Col-

lege, in the University of Oxford, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followethj viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James Morrell, being examined, said, That the said Matter and Fellows are seised of the perpetual Advowson, or Right of Presentation, to the Rectory and Parish of HuntjpilI,in the County of of

winch the said Matter is the present Reftorj and that the College are desirous of annexing a Portion of the iaid Rectory, and of the Rectory Manor thereto be-\ longing, to the Office of Maiier of the said College.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for annexing a Portion of the Rectory, and of the Rectory Manor thereto belonging, of in the County of Somerset, to the Office of Matter of Balliol ’ College, in Oxford: And that Mr. Page, Sir Roger Nexedigate, and Mr. Morton, do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

fiOTthiiuuou Mr. Daniel Lascelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, ^oad- and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late

' zi

Mr. Fives reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Waller James Head, Esquire, a Minor, and his Hl'ue, to take and use the Surname of only, and to bear the Coat Armour of the Famil y of John James, Esquire, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Elwes do carry the Bill to the Lords: and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Clifton upon Colder, in the West Riding of the County of York was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Goodrickc, Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Lord Wenman do carry to the Lords, the ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford, to Wheatley Bridge, and from the said Bridge to Enjlow Bridge; and from Wheatley Bridgetot Mileicay, lead-

ing towards Magdalen Bridge and from the Mileway, leading from Saint Giles's Church, near the City of Oxford, by Bcgbroke, to N Woodfock, in the said County, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Mr. Baldwyn reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of King George the Second, for repairingandwidening the Road from The Bars a*: Bough ton, within the Liberties of the City of to Whit-

church, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned; and for making a Road of Communication, from the said Road, between Whitchurch and Newport, to the present Turnpike Road from aforesaid, to

Eccleshall, in the County of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendment*

Hardw;cke In cloture.

Head’*

Clifton

upon

CiOvier

lncioiure,

Stok^nchurth

Hill

&c.

Riuoi*

Bon ton Bits Rud.

Cornwall

GjcL

PriPol T aciiixc.

Dover

Streets.

Parish

Poor

CUiLren.

18 Geo. III. \6° Februarii. 705

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One* and, upon the Question several! v put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for building an additional Gaol, and also a Prison and House of Correction, within the County of Cornwall, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Bcfolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Ionian, Mr. Buller, Sir.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enable Hi1'- Majesty to license a Theatre in the City of Bristol, was read a Second Time.

Bejbhed, That the Bill be committed to Mr verj, Mr. Duller,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor. Jurats, and Commonalty, and other Inhabitants <»* the Town of Dover, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, 'Flint t lie Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the said Town, are very ill paved, and not sufficiently cleatifed and lighted, and, on Account of divers Annoyances and Incroachments therein, are rendered very dangerous and incommodious; and that it would conduce very much to t he Benefit, Convenience, and Safety of the Petitioners, and of all Persons refolding to the said Town, and travelling through the fame, if the said Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the said Town, were properly paved, clean fed, lighted, and kept free and clear from all Annoyances and Incroachments: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, with such Powers and Authorities, and under such Regulations and lb. Arid ions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition o f James Ilamnwnd and Henry Two of the Free-

men rf the Tow r. of Dover, in the County of on Behalf of then.selves and all other the Freemen and Inhabitants of the same d own, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it mall appear to them, to the House.

The I Ionfe w as mover!, That an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation of the " Parish Poor Children of the several Parishes therein " mentioned, within the Bills of Mortality," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Order'll,’! bat. a Committee be appointed, to examine into the State of the Parish Poor Children, within the Seventeen Parishes without the Walls of London, the Twenty-three Parities in and

within the Pills of Mortality, and the Ten Parishes u itliin the City and Liberty of; and to re-

port tlieirOpinion thereupon to the House:

And a C omntit tee was appointed of Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. 1/7/tkr.: And they are to meet To-morrmv Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.-

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee. that t! < v no eonfider of the said Act of the Seventh Y< ar of the Reign ofllis present Majesty.

VOL. 3ti.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Hett:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wlckens for naturalizing Henry Wile hens; without any Amend- at‘ inentAnd also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John ChristianDean, and

Gottfried Hi/rpius; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Duller, from the Commissioners for executing p*Pers* the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, Ado^ralty. presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

N° 1. State and Condition of Fort Dixcove, dated 31st May 1777: And also,

N° 2. State and Condition of ,dated

31st May 1777: And also,

N° 3. State and Condition of Fort dated

ift June 1777: And also,

N° 4. State and Condition of Cape Coast. Castle, dated ift June 1777: And also,

N° 5. State and Condition of Fort dated

t\\June 1777: And also,

N° 6. State and Condition of Fort Annamaboe, dated 6th June. 1777: And also,

N° 7. State and Condition of Fort James, Accra, dated 7th June 1777: a ’

N° 8. State and Condition of Fort Succondee, dated ..... June 1777: And also,

N° 9. State and Condition of Fort Tanlumquerry, dated ..... June 1777.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

Mr. Duller also, fromt he Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Copies of the Embarkation Returns of all the Marines lent from Great Britain to North America, in the Years 1774, 1775, 1776, and 1777.

Mr. Buller also presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Copies of the last Accounts received at the Admiralty'

Office, of the State and Condition of His Majesty’s Ships and Vessels of War on the Jamaica Station, on or before the 21st Day of November last: And also.

An Account of such Ships or Vessels as have been purchased, to be employed in His Majesty’s Royal Navy, since the Commencement of the present Hostilities in North America, together with the Tonnage, and former Name (if altered) and State and Condition of such'Ships or Vessels respectively, at the Time of such Purchase; also the Price paid, the Time when, the Person or Persons from whom the Ship or Vessel was bought, and by whom the Purchase was made.

And the said Lift, and the Titles of the said Copies and Account, were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers, Copies, and Account, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers, Copies, and Account, are preserved Amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Alderman Wilkes reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Noblemen, and the hum- e °u ble Petition of the Gentlemen, named in the Commission of the Peace for the County of whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

8 R Charles

16° Februarii. 1778.

Charles Eyles, Deputy Cleric of the Pence for the County of Middlesex, produced Letters Patent, under tile Great Seal of England, dated the 7th Day of Jane, in the Seventh Yeat of the Reign of his Majesty King James the Pirft (r6to) whereby all that Piece of Ground situate in Saint John Street, in the County of containing in Breadth, from Eall to West, 32 Feet of Assize, and in Length, from South to North, 120 Feet, was- granted to Sir Thomas , Knight, and divers other Persons, then Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, and their Heirs, for ever, to the Intent that the fame, and all Buildings thereupon to be erected, should for ever be used as a Session House for the Justices of the Peace for the said County, and for keeping a Prison or Correction House, to be holden of the King, his Heirs and Successors, in Fealty only, and Free and Common Soccage.

That in 1612, being soon after the Date of the said Letters Patent, the said Session House for the County of MiddlrJ'cx, known by the Name of Jlicks Hall, was built on the said Piece of Ground so granted by the said Letters Patent, and the then Justices purchased another Piece of Ground, in the Parish of in the said County, and thereon erected a Prison and House of Correction.

The Witness also produced Letters Patent, under the Great Seal, dated the 10th Day of August, in the 17th Year of the Reign of King^om^r the First, whereby the having the Prison and House of Correction in Clerkenwellwas approved of.

And the Witness said, That Hicks Hall, aforesaid, has ever since been used as a Session House for the County of Middlesex-, and that the said Building is very incommodious, and unfit for the public Business; and there is not proper Room or Accommodation for the Justices, Officers of the Court, Juries, or Suitors.

Mr. Robert Taylor, Architect, being examined, said, That he had surveyed Hicks Hall, and found the whole Building in so ruinous ja State, that he is clearly of Opinion it is not worth repairing.

Mr. Kenton Couse, Architect, surveyed the Building along with the lad Witness, and is of the same Opinion.

The said Mr. Eyles produced a Presentment of the Grand Jury of the County of Middlesex, sworn and charged to inquire for the Body of the said County, at the General Session of the Peace holden for the said County at Hicks Hall, in Saint John Street, on the 19th Day of February 1777, whereby it appears, that upon their View and Examination of the said Building, they found the External Walls much bulged, and the Foundations very rotten; the internal, Walls greatly decayed, and much cracked; the principal Timbers very rotten; and, from the ruinous State of the Whole, the same is very dangerous, and unsafe, and ought forthwith to be taken down.

And he said. That the Justices have no public Fund for defraying the Expence of repairing the said House, or for rebuilding the fame.

lie also produced a Book, containing several Resolutions of the Noblemen and Gentlemen, named in the Commission of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, and, among!! other Things, as follows: "That Hicks " Hall, the present Session House for the County of

" Middlesex, is very old, too small, and in many Re-

" spects inconvenient."

" That a new Session House ought to be built for " the Use of the County, when a proper Spot of " Ground can be procured, convenient as to Size and " Situation, for that Purpose."

" That the present Spot of Ground belonging to " Hicks Hull is in many Respects inconvenient, and " not iiillioiently large for the building a new Session " House for the County of Middlesex."

" That 1 Piece of Freehold Ground, situate at the " West End of Clerkemcell Green, in the Parish of Saint

" James Clerkemcell, within the said County, was the

" most convenient and proper Spot for the Purpose of " building a new Session I loiife lor this County."

And Mr. Eyles produced Plans of the said Ground, and said. That the said Piece of Ground can be purchased for £.2,000.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to authorize the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, to fell the present Session House for the said County, together with the Scite thereof, and to build another Session House in a more convenient Situation: And that Mr. Alderman Wilkes, Sir Mackworth,

Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Brett, Mr. and Mr. Byng,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read, and are as followeth, viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Eighty-nine thousand Two hundred Pounds, and Sixteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Eighty-eight thousand Six hundred and Ninety-five Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, to be applied by the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, for the Support and Relief of Seamen, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, who shall not be provided for within the said Hospital, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journals of the House upon the 31st Day of May 1711, of the Representation of this House to her Majesty, upon the Reports and Resolutions of this House, relating to the Imprest Accomptants, the Public Debts, the Arrears of Taxes, the Abuses of the Victualling Office, the bringing over the Palatines, and the Charter imposed upon the Corporation of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, and upon the Debate of the House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the actual Disposal of all public Monies granted by this House, upon the Extraordinary Estimates of the Navy, from 1 ft January 1771 to 31st December 1777,

specifying the several Uses to which the said Grants have been applied;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It palfed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Sevenniglit.

Br/oIveJ,

Supply.

Navj;

Motion

for

Account.

Call of the House.

Supply.

18 Geo. III. 16° — 17' Feb mar it. 707

Way*

and

Means.

Southwark

Paving.

Jlrf Jrrd'HrM thislloufewill, upon WednesdavMorn-iruj »:oxf, resolve into a Committee of the whole

iloufi1, to couiider farther of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

R faired, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolvo itself into a Committee of the whole House. to confid e further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to Mis Majesty.

And then the I Ion ft* adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten o ithe Clock.

Mar its, 17* dieFebruarii;

Anno 13® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1778. Prayers.

SI R Jofeyh Maw-beyreported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of tli> Commission is for executing an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for paving I lie Street*, and Lanes within the Town and Borough of S uth 'a>k and certain Pans ad-, jacent.was referre:!: That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fatr.e, u> it appeared to them, to the House; an>: he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is a* followeth, viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act, and al'o an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of His present Map fty, for completing the Bridge cross the 1‘iver Thanu-, from Bluckjryars in the City of Ix>ndon, to the opposite Side in the County of

Surrey, and the A unities thereto on the London Side; for redeeming the Foils on the said Bridge, and on London Bridge; for rebuilding the Gaol of Nrugate in the said City; for repairing the Royal Exchange within th" fame; for embanking Part of the North Side of the said tiiver, within certain Limits; and for further continuing, towards those Purposes, the Impositton of Six Pence per Chaldron or Ton of Coals and Culm imported into t he Port of 1 lie said City, established by *111 ACtof the r,tli and 6th Years of the Ueign of King William and Queen Man/; and also for carrying on the new Pavements in thcCitv and Liberties and Parishes adjacent, and in the Town and Borough of Southwark-, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, were rend: By which last mentioned Act it appeared, that £.12,000, out of the Money thereby granted to the City of Ixnidon, was directed to be issued to the Commissioners under the first-mentioned Act, for the Purposes thereof. And,

Mr. George Gioilf, being examined, said, That the Commissioners under the said Act of the 6th of His present Majesty, have proceeded to put the same in execution; that he is Surveyor of the Wellern Divi-hoti comprized therein, an 1 that in his Dill rift many Streets remain vet unpaved, or want great Repairs; of the former lie enumerated Street, the Street from

The Greyhound Inn to Gravel Lane, The Rank Side, the

whole Liberty of the Clink, which forms a considerable Part of the Parishes of Suin' Saviour and George, and Dirty Lane.

Being further examined, he said, that Ken I Street had been repaired with the old Materials, but wants intirely new paving; and that it will require at lealt £.1 7,000 to perform the \\ hole of the V.’ork necessary to be done in the above-mentioned Division.

Mr. William Pearson, Cletkto the Commissioners in that Division, being examined, laid, That the Money received by virtue of the said Act of the 7th of His Vox. 36.

present Majesty, had been duly applied, and that £.12,000 had been borrowed on the Credit of the said Act of the 6th of His present Majesty, £.8,000 of which had been expended in the said Division; and that the Tolls, on the Credit of which it was taken up, are not sufficient to pay the Interest of it; that the Commissioners had laid a Rate of Two Shillings in the Pound on the inhabitants, ever since the Commencement of the Act, which is the greatest Assessment they are empowered to make; besides which, the Sum of £.1,100, not applicable to i lie Paving Expence, has been advanced on that Account, which is at present a Debt charged on the said Division.

Your Committee then examined Mr. Thomas Pulte-tiey, Surveyor of the Eastern Division, under the said Act of the 6th of His present Majesty; who said, That in his District, Snow's Fields, Crucifix Lane, the South Side of St. John's Church, and all the Streets in that Parish,

Stuncy Lane, The Maize, and Joiner SFeet, in the Parish of St. (Have, Part of Bermondsey Street, and many

other Streets within his District, are not paved; and that it will require upwards of £.12,900 to perform all the paving Works necessary to be done therein. Then,

Mr. Robert Tyler, Clerk to the said Eastern Division, being examined, said, That the remaining £.4,€*00, out of the Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Act of the 6th of His present Majesty, had been expended in the said Division; that the Commissioners liad also raised, on the Inhabitants of that Division, the full Rate, ever since the Commencement of the Act; besides which, upwards of £.1,000, of Money not appropriated to the Purpose of Paving, had been ad-, vanced for paving in the said Division, and still remains charged thereon.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Maj or, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred.

Sir John Jlynde Cotton reported from the Committee, Isle of Elf to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Small Debt*. Freeholders, and principal Tradesmen, in the Isle of Ely, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follQweth; viz.

I’o prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Mayer, being examined, said, That several exten-live Branches of Trade are carried on in the Isle of Ely; that many ill-disposed Persons contract Small Debts within the said lile, and, although well able, ref’use to pay the same, presuming on the Discouragement their Creditors lie under, from proceeding for the Recovery of such Debts by the present Laws, on Account of the great Expences and Delays attending the fame; That, since the Witness’s Memory, there has never been any Court Baron held, for the Recovery of Small Debts, within the said Isle o and he added.

If a more easy Method of Recovery thereof were established, it would be of great Utility, by promoting Industry, and encouraging useful Credit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hie of Ely, in the County of Cambridge:

And that Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir Sampson Gideon,

Mr. Benjamin Keene, and Mr. Wyldbore, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Marsham presented to the House, according to Wigton Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Com- Iaclosure. 1110ns and Waste Ground, within the Barony of Wigton,

in

a

Five-head,

&c.

Roads.

Mham

Inclosure.

K'^worth

Inclosure.

708 170 Fehruariu A. 1778.

in the County of Cumberland: And the same was received; and read the r ifit Time.

Refolred, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Gentlemen of the Neighbour-hood of Somerton, Cafilc Can/, and in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and

read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners perceive, by the Votes, that Application hath been made, for bringing in a Bill, for the Renewal and Alteration of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing, amending, and widening, the several Roads leading from The Red Post, in the Parish of Five-head, through the Towns of port and Somert on, to Butivell, and also from Curry rell to P licking ton Lane, and from Carp Bridge to Street

Cross, in the County of Somersetand alledging, that the Road from the Foot of the Hill between and Somerton Mo re fa i d, through Somert on to the

Ivelchester Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Kings don, being in Length about Two Miles, and lying between, and adjoining to, the Somerton and 'Turnpike

Roads; and from PipersInn, in the Parish of through the Parish of Walton, over Part of Poldun Hill, to Marshall's Elm, in the Pari lit of Street, being

in Length about Three Miles, and lying between, and adjoining to, the Bridgezoater and Somerton Turnpike Roads; and from The Direction Post, in the Hamlet of Clanvil, through the Town of Ca file Cary, to the Sherborne Turnpike Road, in the Parish of being

in Length about One Mile and Half, lying between, and adjoining to, the Somerton and Turnpike

Roads, are in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law; and that the amending of the said Roads will open a Communication between the Somerton, Bridgewater, Ivelchester, and Sherborne Turnpike Roads, and be of great public Utility: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made, in the said Bill, for amending and keeping the said last mentioned Roads in Repair, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing, amending, and widening, the several Roads leading from The Red Post, in the Parish of Five-head, through the Towns of Langport and Somerton, to Butzvell, and also, from Cany Rivell to Puckington Lane, and from Carey Bridge to Street Cross, in the County of Somerset, and also of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the said County of whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the 1 Ioufe.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of

Northern:.Vw, was read a Second Time,

Refolred, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir George Rwbinjon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Open Meadows, Common Pastures, and Common Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of I.deeper, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Fill he committed to Sir John Palmer, Sir George Robinson,&c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Common Pallures, within the I-ordship or Parish of Castle Doningfcn, in the County of Leices-

ter, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Sir John Palmer, Sir George Robinson, &c.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ta-colneston, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time,

Refolred, That the Bill be committed to Mr. of Norfolk, Mr. Tcton/hend,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Wwas read the Third Time.

Refolred, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Asti for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Wigtoun.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Daniel Lascelles reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-feeond Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Aujlerlands, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report iu his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question fever*Ily put thereupon, were agreed to by the l ioufe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent (Part of the Estates devised and settled by the M ill of John Thoyts, deceased) in Trustees, to be sold, aiul conveyed to Sir Sampson Gideon, Baronet, and his Heirs; and for laying out the Monies, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled to and upon the like Uses and Trulls in the said M ill, was read a Second Time.

Refolred, That the Bill be committed to Mr. the Lord Gage,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of Ids late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from The Market House, in the Town of.lL/eh in the County of Salop-, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Gleefon Hill to Cre/fage, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. kins, Mr. Forrester, &c.: And they are to nnef this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth

Year

pftle

DoHington

Indolurc.

TacolnfUoo

inclosure.

Wigtoun

Roads

and

Br.dgci.

Wakefield

to

Aul'erhnda

Roads.

Thovts

Eilatfe.

Wenlnck

Roao*.

F.'rf’ocj.Ioii & c. Read.

18 Geo. III. 1j° Februari709

Year of Kin" Geeri:ethe Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of in

the County of Berks, to the Town of and

from thence to the Town of in the County

.of Wilts, and the Road from thence to join the Turnpike Road at A Bon Tumi lie, in the County of Gloucester; and also the Hoad from in the said

County, through Mulmesbury aforesaid, to Chippenham Bridge-, and also from Sherjhme to join the Turnpike Road leading from Telbury to Bath; and for granting further Powers for amending those Roads; and for amending the Road from a Place near Jackaments Bottom, in the Cirencesterand Telbury Turnpike Road, through Crudicell, and other Parishes, to the High Cross in Mulmesbury aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Rr/blved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Herbert, Mr. Dickenfun. Sic.:And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, ft

JJorth A Rill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-Marft'>n niou Fields, and other Commonable Landsand Grounds, ocoure. alMj wit bin the Parish and Liberties of North Murston, in the County of Bucks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Grenville, Mr. Herbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Achurch A Bill for effecting Exchanges between Thomas

Lilford Coreys, Esquire, and the Rector of the Parish Church

Exchanges, of Achurch, with the V icarage of Lilford annexed, in the County of Northampton; and for taking down the Parish

Church of Lilford aforesaid, was read a Second'l ime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Wake, Sir.George Bobinfan Sue. :Aud they areto meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Stockiag of Sir William Wake reported from the "Committee, to i,*Paiu«00d w^om R,e B'R for regulating the docking of a certain Piece of indofed Pasture Ground, called Naming Wood, or Nazeing Park, in the Manor and Parish of Nazring, in the County of Lflex, and for keeping the Fences thorcof in Repair, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be trne; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Two Common Rights, who refused to sign the Bill: and also except the Proprietors of Five Common Rights, who could not be found; and that the w hole Number of Common Rights upon the said Pasture is 98; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made fevoral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in , his Plaee; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Rebuilding A Petition of the Commissioners for putting in exe-Nrwgate. cation the icveml Acts passed for paving, cleaning, and Lighting, the City and Liberties of and other Pkwe* in the said Acts mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act, passed in the Seventh'Year of His present Majesty intituled, "An Act for completing the '* J Bridge cross the River Thames, from Blackfriars, in' " the City of- London, to the opposite Side, in the-Vou 36.

" County of Surrey, and the Avenues thereto on the " London Side; for redeeming the Tolls on the said " Bridge, and on London Bridge-, for rebuilding the " Gaol of Newgate, in the said City; for repairing " the Royal Exchange within the same; for embanking " Part of the North Side of the said River, within " certain Limits; and for further continuing, towards " those Purposes, the Imposition of Sixpence per " Chaldron or Ton of Coals and Culm imported into " the Port of the said City, established by an Act of " the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King " William and Queen Maty; and also for carrying on " the new Pavements in the City and Liberties Of " Westminster, and Parishes adjacent, and in the Town

" and Borough of Southwark, and for other Purposes " therein mentioned," the Sum of £. 156,000 was allowed to be borrowed for the Purpose of carrying on several publicWorks therein mentioned: and, in order to establish a Fund for repaying such Sum, the Duties on Coals and Culm, imported in the Port of London, were further continued to Michaelmas 1831; and th&t £. 50,000, Part of the before-mentioned Sum of £. 156,000, was by the said last-wentioned Act directed to be applied in rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate, and other Purposes relative thereto; and £. ao.ooootvas given to the Petitioners to enable them to execute their Trull; and that the Petitioners have made great Progress in carrying on the said Works, and have borrowed large Sums of Money for those Purposes, which they are unable to discharge without the further Aid of Parliament; and further setting forth, that it appears by the Votes that the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, have petitioned for Power to raise a further consideraWe Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Surplufes to arise from the said Fund charged upon the Duties on Coals and Culm to be applied in-completing the rebuilding of gate, building a Sessions House, and doing other public Business, alledging that the whole Debt charged, upon the said Coal Duties w ill, nevertheless, bepaief off long before the Time allowed by the said Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty; and that the Works under the Petitioners Management are of a public Nature, and a very considerable Proportion of the Duties on Coals is paid by the Inhabitants of the City and Liberties of Westminster, and Parts adjaceuf," under the Petitioners Care: And therefore prayinjg.

That if any further Sum be allowed to be borrowed upon the Surplufes to arise of the said Duties on Coals and Culm, to be applied for the Purposes mentioned' in the said Petition from the City of London, a Part of such Surplufes may be appropriated towards discharg-. ing the Debt so contrafted by the Petitioners, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Pfe-mifrsas to t lie House dial I appear reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be ‘referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as its shall app/ear to them, to the HoUle:

And it is referred to Sir Charles 'Whitworth, Mr.

Saldsbury Brerefoti, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Powerto fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled an Act Wvndham*« for enabling Charles Wyndham, Esquire, now called Name. Charles Edwin, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surnamehif Edwin only, was read a Sccortd Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Guise, Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are. to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, iii the Speakers Chamber. "

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers Boughtoa of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year <Jf King Bar*

8S C*rge Roads.

u

u

41

Bamfley

Common

Stc.

Road.

Petition from

Norfolk*

710

17® Februarii. A. 1778;

George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from The Bars at Bou within the Liber- ties of the City of Chester, to W hitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, and other

Roads in the said Act mentioned. and for making a Road of Communication lrom the said Road, between Whitchurch and Newport, to the present Turnpike Road from Neroport aforesaid to in the County of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from The Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Neioport, in the County of Salop, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned; and for making a Road -of Communication from the said Road, between Whitchurch and Newport, to the present Turnpike Road from Newport aforesaid, to Ecclesnall, in the County of :Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Srr George Savile presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and -enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road

leading from the Fall Side of Bamjley , in the County of York, to the Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White Cross-, and also the ' Road from the Guide Post in Barugh, to a Rivulet called Bar ugh Brook; and from thence for Two Hundred Yards over and beyond the same Rivulet or Brook, into tfie Town-lliip of Cawthome, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the Fjrll Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosingy the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, and al 1 ot her Commonable Lands, in the Tythings of and

Hay ley, in the Parish of Sappe in the county of „

Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Baldwyn, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speak^’s1 Chamber.

Frampton

and

Hnylcy

Incioiurc.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, Militia

who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the F*y and Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for Clothing the Year 1778; That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in -his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was Fead; and is as followeth, viz. 'n ‘

1

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for the Year 1778.

Pay to 30,840 private Men, at is. each, 28 Days -D* to 70 Adjutants, at 6s.a Day each - - -IJ® to 1,542 Serjeants, at u. a Day each -

D°to 1,200 Drummers, at 6d. a Day each - -

For additional Pay to 30,840 private Men, for going to the Place of Exercise, and returning, calculated upon an Average of Days Pay each Man -Additional Pay to 70 Serjeant Majors, at is. 6d. a Week each -

D*---- ---- to 70 Drum ^lajors, at 6d. a Day each - - , -

D*------ to 1,542 Corporals, at 6d. a Day each, 28 Days . - r

Salaries for 70 Battalion Clerks, at £.50 a Year each - - .; -Allowances to Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings, computed at

D*---- — to each Regiment, Battalion and independent Company, for contingent

Expences, at the Rate of 6d. per Month for each private Man and Drummer Qothing for 30,840 private Men, at £. 1. 10s. each - . -

‘ D*---- for 1,542 Serjeants, at £.3. ior. each - - , - -

D*---- for 1,200 Drummers, at £.1. each - . - -

For additional Pay for clothing 54 Serjeant Majors, and 54 Drum Majors, at £. 1

each - - - - -.....-

Subsistence to 498 Captains, at 7 s.6d. each per Day, for 28 Days - -

~D* - — to 561 Lieutenants, including! Lieutenants to Grenadier Companies,

at 3*. 6d. each, for 28 Days ——

D*----- — to 435 Ensigns, at 3*. each, for 28 Days, -

£. s. d.

43»I76 " i — 7»6£>5 — — . 28,141 10 — io,950 -----~

6,168 ——

455 — —

638 15 — >

., „ 1,079 —

„3»5«o------

yOOOO 1 '

s *

10,023----->

46,260 --- ,r

5*397 -

2^400.-----,

108-----.

5,229---- .

2,748 iSj —; 1,^27 -

179,766 II . — r

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the County of Norfolk, and of the City of Norwich, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth. That your Petitioners observe, with the utmost Concern and Surprise, that extraordinary En-

deavours are used in this County and in many other; Parts of the Kingdom, to raise Men and Money for His Majesty’s Service by free Gifts and Contributions, not given and granted in a Parliamentary Gourse, which. unusual and strained Efforts (concerning the very Le-. gality of which they conceive Doubts may jullly be. entertained) while Parliament actually fits, and at a- Time when His Majesty is in apparent Peaee with all"

... f

18 Geo. III. 170 Februarii. 711

the Powers in Europe, strongly indicate some violent Distemper in the State, to which its ordinary Powers and Means of Supply are not sufficient. We most humbly apprehend, that if a War with any of the neighbouring Nations threatens to break out, nothing can give more Encouragement to it than the taking such Measures as tend to prove this Kingdom to be as much exluiuftrd in its Strength at the very Commencement of Foreign Hostilities, as it has been at the Close of the longed and rood wasteful Wars. Your Petitioners have been also called upon, in a Manner equally alarming, by IYrfons of great Power and Rank in His Majesty’s Service, to raise Men and 9 Money for supporting the Constitiitional Authority of Great Britain. We hope and trull, that Constitutional Authority is safe,-and well supported in the affections, of a loyal and a free People; we know of no Attack upon, or Rirfiftance to, the Operation of the Laws in this County, or in this Kingdom; impaired, as we may be, in Power or Reputation Abroad, we have how-c\er Peace at Home; hut in the Thirteen once-dou-rishing, and obedient Colonies of Great Britain, His Majesty has no Authority or other Government to be supported. A Misrepresentation of our unhappy Situation would be a Mockery of our Distress. An Empire is loft. A great Continent in Arms is to be conquered or abandoned. One whole Britishi Army of veteran Troops has surrendered Prisoners of War to the Hidden Levies of a new Nation; another, abandoning a Province which had been overrun in the laftCampaign, and after two Engagements in the Field successful without Advantage, having marched out to take a View of an Enemy ported in one of those Places of inacceinble Strength with which America abounds, has been compelled, by, Necessity, to march buck to an open Town, which they are obliged to fortify for Winter Quarters at an enormous Expence; the Continent of America is, it feenss, to be conquered by defeated and defeiifive Armies. It is a Project we cannot comprehend. Sixty thousand Soldiers, a Force of Artillery (if we are to judge by the Charge) such as never has been sent out of this Kingdom, Sixty thou-latid Seamen voted, more than an Hundred armed ( Ships employed in this special Service, an unheard-of Expence in every Sort of Military Supply, have* after Three Years Struggle, brought Things to such a Mate, that, inftend of quieting our Civil Troubles, we are threatened with a Foreign War, lor which, after such an Abundance (for we cannot call it Profusion) of Parliamentary Grants, increasing daily', and wrth the . most exuberant recruiting Funds, we are called upon . to piece out the Deficiency of public Wealth by pri-. rate Contribution; a Nation of such Power as this reduced to such a State must lole its Reason and its Feelings, together with its Glory, if it could acquiefee in its Condition. It is not in our Choice to suppose ..that it can have happened-without a Fault somewhere: In the Generals and Armies tin? Fault cannot be; if their known and tried Characters did not iorbid all Suspicions of them, yet His Majesty’s most gracious Speeches from the Throne make it improper fonts to entertain the least Doubt of their Courage and Conduct; but His Majesty has not forbid os to entertain Doubts of the Wisdom, Care, and Prudence of those who conduct His Affairs; and we trust, that the House of Commons, whose Duty calls, and whose Competence and Coustitution enables, them rocome to the Bottom of those Evils, will ferioully inquire into the Cause of ourpresent calamitous Situation, for we greatly fear that we, with the rest of your Constituents, have been hitherto greatly deceived and deluded, with regard to the Nature, the Cause. and the Importance, of the American Troubles, as well as concerning the Means of quieting them, both legal and coercive, else we tliould not have the Misfortune to fee Acts of Par-Vox.. 36.

liament made only to be sent back to be repealed;

Armies sent out to enforce them only to be returned to us as Prisoners under Capitulation: and, to speak with the filial Confidence of free Subjects, we plainly declare ourselves unwilling to commit any more of our Natiorial Glory to Attaint, and the Persons of more of our Countrymen to Foreign Hardships and Perils, without any common human Security that they shall not, by the same Errors, be exposed to the same Ca- ' larnities and Disgraces which many of those have fallen into who have already been sent forth. Without -wife Council at Home we cannot have Empire or Reputation Abroad; it is our Duty to our Sovereign, to whose Person and illustrious House we have ever borne the most distinguiilied and zealous Attachment, which compels us to lay before this Honourable House this Representation of His Affairs; we shall ever be fore-most in prov iding for every reasonable and useful Supply for the Public Service; but we cannot make ourselves the Instruments of any Faction, or grant Money as a Tell of our Support of it; if the Colonies can be brought to Obedience, we are convinced, by, fad. Experience, it must be by wife and lenient Councils, and by those in whom they have no Experience of Ill-will, or Incapacity, the one producing Hatred,-the other Contempt: for our domestic Protection, we riioft humbly conceive, that our Coiiftitutional Militia, which His Majesty has been enabled to call out, is the most effective and least invidious Delence: Twelve entirely new Corps, confiding of Fifteen thousand Highlanders of the Northern Part of the United Kingdom, and of the Towns of M anchester and Liverpoole, appointed during the Sitting, without the previous Approbation of Parliament, and which can hardly be ready in Tinye for A meric an Service, are not, yvemolt humbly submit it to superior Wisdom, the Defence in which we can or ought, for obvious reasons, to trust In'preference: to that Vnore numerous and equally well-trained and well affected Body the National Militia; nor have we been givep to understand at a Time when {lie War Establilliment Hands at comparatively Tow Numbers, arid those Nuro-. her far from complete, and -at a Time when the public Burthens are i’o oppfeilive, for what reason new Corps ‘ should" be raised; or on what Grounds; if Compliment was1 meant: (at, the Expence*oT our. Finances, aild what We conceive the most Jfery.iceabje Military Arrangement) that Compliment has been confined to the above rrientioned Parts" of this) Kingdom.

*We do therefore, with all Earnestness and Humility, pray an Inquiry' into the true Grounds and.Conduct of this unhappy Civil War; that the heft Means may be found for bringing it to a speedy Termination, for facilitating the Reftbration of Concord and Confidence to all the Citizens of the British Empire, to avert, if possible, a Foreign WUr, or, if that be not poffihle, to take duO Care'that rational, effectual, and becoming Provision, in an' orderly and parliamentary Way, be madeTor otir Defence and Safety; under the accumulated Distress of Foreign arid Civil Hostility, we throw ourselves with the moll perfect Reliance on the Care and-’ Wisdom (never more called for than in the present Exigency) of a BratiOi House of Commons; on them we rest the last Hdpes of a deserving, but,

vvie fear, an injured, deceived and endangered People.

Ordered, That the said.Petition do lie upon the Table. ~V: '

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon ^aW| Tuesday the 27th Day of January last, for the House elating to resolve itself into a Corinuittee of the wimple Hojife, to upon ThurJUay next, upon the Bill to explain and amend the Laws now in being reiatingto Sewers, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be dischargedl

a.

712

17* — 19° Februariu

A* 1778,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Fort-

night, the 5th Day of March next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Commiftwien A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-P«ceTn* poled. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to America, enable His Majesty to appoint Commissioners, with sufficient Powers, to treat, consult, and agree upon, the Means of quieting the Disorders now fubfiiiing in certain of the Colonies, Plantations, and Provinces, of North America;

Resolved, Nemine Contradieente, That the said Pro-position be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Proposition.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee,'that they do consider of the Exercise of the Bight of imposing Taxes within His Majesty’s Colonies, Provinces, and Plantations, in North America.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com-

dingly.

On

Supply.

mitteeof the whole IIoufer Tomorrow. NJornin^, to cotilider further of the Supply granted to Ills Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order'be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Commit lee.

The House was moved, That the Order made Yes- Wm terday, for the House to resolve itself into a Commit- and Muni tee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. *

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning uext, resolve itself into the said Committeo.

nuttee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gascoyne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gascoyne repotted from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make several Motions, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now' received.

Mr. Gascoyne accordingly reported from the said

Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given'tobring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to appoint Commissioners, with ftifficient Powers, to treat, consult, and agree upon, 'the Means of quieting the Disorders now subsisting in certain of the Colonies, Plantations, and Provinces, of North America.

And Mr. Gascoyne moved the House ageor-

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this IJoofe will, upon Thursday Importawa Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the o:l~c:t" whole House, to eonPder of the Petition of John Guitton, Esquire, and Thomas R infeed, Gentleman, on behalf of the Merchants concerned in the Importation and Exportation of Corn at the Port, of Por/f inouth.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

jfcvfj 3 9# dieFebructfii;

Anno 18*

Georgii III*"

Regis, 1768.

)rderail. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to appoint Commissioners, with sufficient Powers, to treat, consult, and agree upon, the Means of quieting the Disorders now fubfifring in certain of the Colonies, Plantations, and Provinces, of North America: And that Mr. , the Lord

North, Lord George Germain, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Gref Cooper, Mr son, and Mr. Eden, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Americta Mr. Gascoyne also reported from the said Committee,

Declaratory That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill ior declaring the Intentions of the Parliament of Great Britain, concerning the Exercise of the Right of imposing Taxes within His Majesty’s Colonies, Provinces, and Plantations, in North America.

And Mr. Gascoyne moved the I loufe accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in aBiU for declaring the intentions of the Parliament of Great Britain, concerning the Exercise of the Right of im-pofingTaxes within His Majesty’s Colonies, Province^, and Plantations, in North America: And that Mr. Gascoyne, the Lord North, Lord George Germain, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. Robinson, and Mr. Eden, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Praters.

/ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue His ^Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make oof a new Writ for the eleCiing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Eaf Retford, in the County of Nottingham, in the room of the Honourable William Hunger, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Stew ard of His Majesty’s Manor of Fuji Hcndred, in the County of Berks.

Ea ft Rctlmd Writ.

The Lord North presented to the Houfo, according Commiiw*

to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to appoint

Commissioners, with liiflicient Powers, to treat, consult, and agree upon, the Means of quieting the Oil-orders now fubfilting in certain of the Colonies, Plantations, and Provinces, of North America: And trie same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be road a Second Time.

Ordered, Thai the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Anuria.

The Lord North presented to the House, according Amer; ia to, Ofder, a Bill fordeclaring the Intentions of the Par- D.'chniocy Jiaipeut of Great Britain, concerning the Exercise Of Bl11-the Right of impoling Taxes within His Majesty’s Colonies, Provinces, and Plantations, in North Ame-

rica: tad, the same was-received; and read the First Time. "

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the -House.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be prii ted.

The House was moved. That the ’Order made Yesterday, for the House to re solve itself into a Com

17

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the f£-vernl Commons and Walk (.rounds within the Man'ofs

LntKnfll

and

of fu thorn and Skelmerjilale, in the Putish of Ormjkirtc,

m

18 Geo. III. 190 Fefiruarii 713

in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third several Roads leading from the Ptft, so ,the Pariffr Time. of Five-head^ through the Towns of and

Rc/obed, That the Rill do pass i And that the Title Sumer ton, to and also from Curry Rivell to

be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the teverai PuckingtynLane, and BridgptoStreciCfo/s,

Commons anti Waste Grounds within the Manors of in the County of Sopierj'et; and also of several rGeft-La thorn and Skelmer/dale, in the Parish of Ormskirk, tlemen* Clergy, Freeholders* sod Other Inhabitants, of

in the County Palatine of Lancaster. the said County of whose Names afo tfeere-

Ordered, That Sir Henry Hoghtondo carry the unto subscribed; and also the Petition of several

Bill to the Lords, and detire their Concurrence. Gentlemen of the Neighbourhood of Spmerton, Castle

and ,in the County of SomerJ'et, yvere

Paprs Sir Grey Cooper presented to the Hoofs, pursuant Severally referred; That the Cfonnpttee had examined, efpe^ing to their Orders, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of

Cotiralfti Copies of Letters from his Excellency General Howe, the 25th of April 177ft, relative to Turnpike Bills, to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, in the had been complied with; and that the Committee > Years 1775 and 1776: And also, had examined the Matters of the said Petifiops j and

Copy of a letter from the Contractors for delivering had directed him to report the fame, -pa they ap-ProvKions at Corke, July id 1777: And also, peared to them, to the House; and he road £h$ Report

Copy of a Letter from Messrs. WombioeU and Co. in his Place; and afterwards delivered it -in pt thg Contractors, 14th Augift 1777: And also. Clerk’s Table: Where the some was fesid; and is P®

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Amyand to Mr. Rabin- folfoweth; viz.

Jon, 15th October 1777: And also, To prove the Allegations of the First-mentiooood

Copy of a letter from Mr. Amyaftd to Mr. Robin/on, Petition, the said Art was read: And,

*d November 1777. Mr. TViUiani Sealy befog £X0fofof<L

And the T itles of the said Copies were read. said, Tl»at the Trustees have proceeded in the except foo

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the of the said Art, and borrowed a eonfiderabfo §pm of

Table, to be perused by the Members of the Money upon the Credit of the Tnlte thereby granted,

House. which cannot be repaid, tudefs the-Term #nd ?ow§r<a

The said Copies are preserved amongst the other of the said Art are continued, and some further Altef-Papers of this Session. fttions made. Then, T.

Mr. Robert beingcxamin^dj.said, -That

ttKpton Mr. Phelipsreported from the Committee, to whom the Road from the Side of the Turnpikeilipod on IJtim-Msllet, the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in ex- in the Parish of Curry Rivell, through

a ecution an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Kingsbury Ept/copi and South Pether toil, to join the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for Iltnyter Road at While Cro/s, and from Burr of0 to Qaao repairing and widening the several Roads therein men- Bridge, in the Parish of Mur lock, and County of $ow optioned, leading to and from the Towns of SiSeptan Mai- Jet, is in a very ruinous asal bad State, and in great let and Ivelchester, in the County of SomerJ'et -, and also Want of Repair; which cannot bp done by tfrepresent of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, and Laws. And,

other Inhabitants, of the said County of Somerset, whose Mr. Robert Bryant, befog, examined, said. That- the Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That Road from the Pariffres of North Curry

the Committee had examined, and found that the send Curry Mtdiet, to the Red him Inn, so the Parish Blending Orders of the House, of the 25th of April of Hatch Beauchamp, zoA froto Groat Copland Gate, in 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had heen complied the Parish of through the Parishes of

with; and that the Committee had examined the Curiand, and

Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to join the Turnpike Road leading from Tawf

report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; ton, so the hud County of SomerJ’et, is likewise in a very and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards bad and ruinous State, and cannot be effectually delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same amended by the present Laws.

was read; and is as followeth; viz. In Support of the Seamd-mentjoned Petition,

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Mr. Strangetoays, being again examined, foid. That fowl Art was read: And, the Roads from the Coot of the HiH, between Cary

"Sir.William Sealy Strangmcays, beingexamined, said. Bridge and through Somerton to the

That the Trustees have proceeded in the execution of Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Ringsdon,

the said Art, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of and from Piper's Ivn, jfo the Parish of AJkcot, through Money, which has been duly applied according to Walton, toil Elm, in the Parish of „ and the Directions thereof; that there now remains from the Direction Ppft in the Hamlet of due upon the Credit of the said Art, the Sum of through the Town of Castle Cary, to the Sherborne £. 1,200, or thereabouts; and that the same cannot Turnpike Road, in the Parhh of arC very

be repaid, nor the Roads kept in proper Repair, ruinous and had, and cannot be efi’ertuaUyaweafofed tudefs the Term granted by the said Art is further and kept in Repair by the ordinary Coprfe of Law:

continued. And the AVitness further foid. That the said Roads,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for when repaired, will open a Conunuoication between continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the the Somevton, Bridgewater., Ivelchester, and Sherborne Powers of an Art, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of Turnpike Roads, which would he of Public

the Reign of his late Majesty for repairing and widen- Utility.

ing the Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from Ordered, That Leave be given jto -bring in a Bid for the Towns of Shcfiton Mallet and Ivelchester, in the continuing the Term, and altering ftivd ,«davgfog she County of Somerset: And that Mr. Phelips, Mr. Dick- Powers, of an Art, made ;in the Twenty-fr^th Year enjon, Mr. Combe, and Mr. Salisbury Brereton, do pro- of the Reign of his late Majesty, for impairing, pare, and bring in, the fame. amending, and widening, the several Roods -leading from the Red Post, so the Panish of Five-heyd, thiipfljgh >iw-he*d, "Mr. Phelips reported from the Committee, to whom the Towns of Lansport and ;to £uSvf$li a#d

*c. the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in also from Curry Rivell, /to Pnck+ngton /UUL >ond -frfim. execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year Cary Bridge to Street Cro/s,m ^Somerset;

of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the and for amending, widening, and keqping in Repair, Second, for repaicing, amending, and -widening,-the several othor Roads adjoining <Aw4 ffeot ,\Jr.

- Vot. 36. 8 T Phelips

fob,.

Taunto n Rotdi.

714 190 Feb 1778.

Phelips, Mr. Dickenjbn, Mr. Combe, and Mr. James 'Grenville* do prepare, and bring in, the fanu*.

Mr. Phelips reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Truiiees for putting in execution Two Acts, made, One in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for amending the several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, in the County of Soma jet; and the other

in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for explaining and amending, and likewii'e for enlarging, the Term and Powers granted by a certain Act of Parliament, palfed in the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for amending several Roads leading from " the Town of Taunton, in the County of and also of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, 'and other Inhabitants, of the County of *whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, Inhabitants of the County of whose

Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition -of several Gentlemen, Inhabitants of the County of Somerset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed} and also the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in execution an Act of Parliament, :passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His 'present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enlarge the " Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-:v sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King * George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Half cap Il in the Parish of

'"Compton, in the County of Dorfei, through the Towns of Yeovil, Crewkerne, and Chard,- to the " East Ertd of the Town of in the County of Devon, and several other Roads round the Town of Yeovil, in the County of Somerset, and for amending Two Roads leading from Hollow, in the Parish of Yeovil, and the Road from Chard to ’" Chetfeway Act, and from White Down to Perry Street,

'4t in Chard, and from thence to the Turnpike Road, near Tytherleigh Inn, in the said County of

and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; '-and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of >Somerset, wh o fe Names are thereunto subscribed, were ’ foverally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Dills, had been complied with, in respect to the First,' Second,

' and Fourth mentioned Petitions(except that the Notices ' relating to the Road described in the Second-mentioned Petition-, had been given Once in the Month.of 1 her, and Twice in the Month of Odoberj and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said First, Second, and Fourth-mentioned Petitions (but as no Notices had been given relating to the Roads described in the Third and last-nientioned Petitions, no Evidence was offered in Support of the Allegations contained ' in those Petitions) and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House, and he 1 read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered ' it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read:

and is as followeth*, viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First, Second, and Fourth mentioned Petitions, the said Acts of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the ' Second, and the Fifth and Seventeenth Years of the . Reign of His present Majesty, were read: And,

Mr. Robert Bryant, being examined, said, That the

Trustees for the Care of the Roads comprized in the said Acts of the Twenty-fifth Year of King

the Second, and the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, have proceeded in the execution of the said

Acts, and borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized, thereby; which Money

- ' ' *

!ms been duly applied towards the PUrposes of tin said Acts: — That the Sum of £.10,000 now remains due, besides a Debt of £.248.; and that

several Miles of the said Roads have never been re*-paired: — That the said Acts are very defective, and the Whole.of the said Roads cannot be completed and kept in Repair, nor the Money owing repaid, unless the Term and Powers thereof are continued and.enlarged: — That the Tolls are insufficient for the Rur-poles intended, and several other Amendments and Alterations are necessary to be made to the said Acts; and that it is proposed to reduce the same into One Act of Parliament.

And the Witnesssaid, That the Roads leading through the Town oiTaunton, and all’o the Roads leading from a Direction Poll in JYidcdmbe Moor, by over Brmon Down, through Street Ash Lane, to Chard

.(befog Part of the Roads mentioned in the.Firil Petition) and also the Road from Handy to-If art row

Gate, Part of the Great Road front, head, are in a ruinous Condition,.-^ixi unlafe for Travellers, and Cannot be repaired.by the Lavys in being; and that it would be of Public Utility to have the same amended and repaired.

And the 'Witness added,’That' the said last-men* tinned Road js.pro poled to beputundor the Dilution and Management of the Tmlfees appointed by the said Act of the Sjtn'j^.teenth-Y-oap -of-H'S pTefeqt Majesty, for repafrihgVhe jCyftrd':pi(Vift of, Road; and that the Truiiees appointed to put the said Act in expedition are confenfing thereto.. . 4 .

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Rill for " more effectually amending, widening, and keeping jn Repair, several Roads leading from -fife Town ton, in the County of Somerfe And for repealing Two Acts, One of the Tvyen.tyffifth, Year of his latjtf Majesty, and the other of the Fifth.Year of Hip prgfept Majesty, relating to the said Roads,;, and for aujjend- ing, widening, -and keeping in, Repair, the’ Roads through the said Town of Taunto-n, and- from Handy Cross to II.artrow-Gate :And that Mr. Mr.

Popham, Mr. Hallidtf 1;, and- Mr'. Combe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. ,. ., - £

» ‘ l.

A Bill for amending, widening, turning.alterfogj and keeping in Repair, the Roads from in the

Parish of Banvick, in the County of Somerset, to the

Turnpike Road in the Parish of Charmhster, in ..the County of Dorset, and from the.CVe/j, in the Town of Maiden Newton, to a Stream of Water in the Parish of South Perrott, in the County of Dorset; and from -a Place called FurzmoorGate, in the Parish of Broad

IVinfor, to Lynham's Water, in the.Parish of and from Buglers Corner, in the Town of Beamijler, to the Dorsetshire Inn, in the Parish of and

from Upjydling Ewe Leazeto the Tow i# of

and from th? Town of Frampton, to join the Welierji Turnpike Road near Steeple ton, in the said County of Dorset, was read"a Second Time> ,

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Phelips, Mr. Popham, &c.: And they are to meet this-Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Strutt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for building a Bridge over the River Lea, at or near a Place called Jeremy's Ferry, ayd for making, repairingiand widening. Roads from thence intothe Great, Roads al Snarejbrook, in the County of sex, and at Clapton, in the County of ,was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto} which they haddirested him-to

report

Whiflte

Bridge

Roads*

Lea Bridge Roads,

18 G£b. 111. to°Februarih . " ftJ-

report to the House: and He rfead ttie Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment wasTwifce read; and} upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. r: Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, he

ingrossed.

1

Huntfpiil Mr. Page presented to the House, according to Or-R;do>y. <jer> a gjij for annexing a Portion of the Rectory, and of the? Keftory Manor thereto belonging, of- Huntfpiil, in the County of Somerfe to the Office of Mailer of Baliol College, in 0 rfotd: And the same was received; and read th» First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Wakefield An ingrossfed Bill for continuing the Term, and1 *° . altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made "fcwufik the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Wakefield to , in the West Rid-

1 ing of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,-an Act for- continuing-the-Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Koaa from Wakefield to Aujlerlands, in the West Riding of the County of York,

Ordered, Tlrat Mr. Daniel Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Benter upon Mr. Morton reported from the Committee, to whom Ihe Petition of Thomas Earl of Macclesfield, and the *cho®1*' humble Petition of the other Governors of the Pof-sessions, Revenues, and Goods, of the free Grammar School of James King of England, within the Town of Henley upon Thames, in the County of Oxford, and of the Governors of the Charity School founded in the same Tofrn by Dame Elizabeth Widow, and

of the Mailers of the same Schools, and of the Mayor, Aldermen, BriHgemen, and Bnrgefles of the same Town, and the other Inhabitants tlvereof, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the Fuid Petition;

find had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the same was read; and is as followeth j -r/r.

’ To prove the AIK ".'.lions of the said Petition, Mr.

ThamasCooper, the Agent, produced the Letters Patent under the great Seal, granted by King James the First; in the Second Year of his Reign, endowing the said Charity School called The Free Grammar School of James King of England, and appointing Governors thereof: and informed your Committee, That the Deed of Endowment given by Lady Periam, of the Second-mentioned School, is so intirely destroyed by Time, as not to be legible; but he produced certain Articles entered into wit h her Feoffees, dated in October, the Tenth Year of James the First, respecting her charitable Donation, in which the said Endowment is said to be recited.

The Will of William Gravett, dated the ioth of April 1624, was also produced to your Committee, by which it appeared, that he further endowed the said School called The Free Grammar School.

Then Mr. Cooper informed your Committee, That the said First-mentioned School was endowed for the Education, Institution, and Instruction, of Youth in Grammar and other good Learning; and the said Second-mentioned School for the Education in Writing, Reading, and calling Accounts (but not in Grammar Learning) Gloathing, and Apprenticing 16 poor Boys of the said Town; but that the Foundress directed, Vol. 36.

that the said Number thbuld riot be increased; and fixed the Salary of the Schoolmaster at £.20 ’pet’.

Annum.

And he further informed your Committee, That the Estates belonging to the said last mentioned School* called Lady Periam'% School, are greatly increased, ia Value; that there has been a Saving.of £. 8.2.9; fend upwards^ which is placed in the public Funds, and a considerable Sum besides is in the Treasurer’s Hands; -but the Number of Scholars and the Mailers Salary being fixed, and the Mailer of Lady s School-

apprehending that he is not obliged to teach the Children put under his Care the Language;

both the said Schools are by those Means rendered of very little Use to the said Town.

Mr. William.Bradshaw, late Maybr Henley. Ibid.

That the House and Two School Rooms, belonging to the said Grammar School,’ are very incommodious; that if the fame-ware fold; and the Money arising by such.-Sale, together with the Sum so fared; were applied'irr the purchase of a proper House and School Room, and* the Two Schools, and the Revenue. thereof, were united, under proper Regulations, they might be-rendered very useful to the Objects of the Charity, and beneficial to the Town in general; whicfrwaa confirmed by several Members present.

* Ordered, Thart Leave be given to bring in a. Bill for uniting the Free Grammar School of: James King of England; within the Town oflJenleynpon in

the County of Oxforfwdh the Charity School founded* in the fame Town by Dame Elizabeth Periam’, Widow; and for the better Regulation and Management of the said Endowments: And that Mr. Morton, General Conway, and Mr. Clapton, do- prepare, and bring in; ’ ’- -

the fame. J-,. _ . % - c . >. - , 5

' " - " *.,-' 1 . g

Lord Brovmloiv Bertie presented to the House, accords Thimblebj) ing to Order, a Bill for. dividing and inclosing certain ®nd Open Fields, Meadows, Ings, Common Pastures, and Moors, within the Pfirilhes of Thimblebp and Edlin^ton, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was deceived £ find read the First Time. ‘ .: .

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee; Westniinftef to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting paving* in execution the several Acts passed for paving, deetaf-ing, and lighting, the City and Liberties of and other Places in the said Acts mentioned, was re- ferred; That the Committee had examined the'Mattel? of the said Petition; and had directed him' td rfeport the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth y viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the’ said Acts, and also an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for completing Black-fryars Bridge, and other purposes therein mentioned, were read. And,

M r. Marquand, Surveyor of the Pavements within

the City and Liberties of Westminster, being examined;

said, That a considerable PrOgress-has-been made hi paving the Squares, Streets, and J Lanes, within the same.

Mr. . Fowler, the Treasurer, and Mr. Wright the Accomptant, to the said Commissioners for paving; being examined, said, that the Sum of £. 35,000 has been borrowed on the Credit of the AkWayTolls, granted by One of the said Acts for paving Westminster, the Whole of which still remains "dtie; that the said Tolls are now on a Lease for Three Years, at £. 1,890 per Annum, but they may' not be jet for so much fit future,

as they have frequently varied; and that Eight -Years' are.yet to come of the Term for which the Tolls were granted; that the Interest of the Money so borrowed

being

Harpose

Inclosury.

Stocking of Ni icing Wood JJTiuie.

Chippenham

Bridge

Roads.

JLtckhanpton

Inclosure.

Honey born Inclosure.

716 190 — ao* F. A. 1778.

Being jT. 1,575 /vt 4nthima Surplus remains of £. 3j 5 per Avitun; out of which £. 2,000 has been

purchased in the £. 3 per Cent, consolidated Annuities, which produces £. 66 per Annum; hut, the aforesaid Surplus befi% so small, the Commissioners will not he uhle to pay off the said Debt within a very large Space of Time, beyond their present Term in the 'lolls on which it is charged, nor can the same be done without further Afliftauec.

That the Part of the Metropolis under the Care of theft? Comm i (hoiiers, forms a very ounliderable Proportion of tho Whole, and has within it many Diilil-lers, Brewfrs, and other Tradesmen, by whom a very large Quantity of Coals is annually con fumed, and who, of Course, contribute largely to the Fund to which tho Duties thereupon are carried.

Ordered, That the said Report bo referred to the Consideration of the Committee of live whole House, to whom it it referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, tp whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common C*i)Mif$a0<Mubled, was referred. .'yj "

Tv,'.

- Mr. Poops presented to the House, -'according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Health, ami other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of in

the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rtfotved, That iho Bill be read a Second Time.

the Manor and Hamlet of otherwise*

Chapel Honey born, in tlte County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and road the First Time.

Rcjblved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Baldtppn presented to the House, according to Order, a Hill for more effectually prcl'erving the Salmon, and other Fish, within the ltivers Severn and:

And the feme was received; and- read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

The Orders of the Day being read f - .

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seveimight resolve itself ipto a Committee of ^he whole House, to confuler of tiro Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was

referred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whple House, to coolkler further of the State of tho Nation.

Riftlved. That this House will, upon Wednesday. Morning pent, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider of the Petition of John Gait ton, Esquire, and Thomas Gentleman, on

Behalf of the Merchants concerned in the Importation and Exportation of Corn at the Port of.

1

An ingrefied BUI for regulating the Stocking of a certain Piece of inclosed Pailure Ground, called Naxe-t ing Wood, or Nazeing Park, in the Manor and Parish of Natteidg, in the county of ; and for keeping

the Fences thetieef in Repair, »*> read the Third Time.

Rcjhlved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide An Act for regulating the Stocking of a certain Piece of inclosed Pailure Ground, called Nazeing Wood, or Nazeing Park, in the Manor and Parish. of

Nazeing, in the County of Essex; and for keeping the Fences thereof in Repair.

Ordered, That Sir William Wake do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, paflied in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of hi* late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Chippenham in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Togg Hill, in the County of Gloueejleri and from Chippenham Bridge aforesaid, to the Top of Old Hill, in the foal

County of Glavteefier, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Codrington, Mr. Powys, foe.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir William Guise presented to the House, according

to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Pafturv, Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Leckhampton, in the County and several small Parcels of the said Fields, which extend into the Parish of in the fame

County: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Chester presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and biclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land, in

>7

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 20* d;

I >

Anno 18" Georgii III"* Regfe, 177$. Prayer*.

MR. Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three Acts of the Third and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Galley Comer, adjoining to Enfield Chafe, in the Parish of South Mims, in the County of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill, in the County of Hertford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they seul directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout:; ami then a Second Time, Ope by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Plumerreported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of several Trullees appointed for putting in execution an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second, .

for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from tlte Ealt End of the Town of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, through to Broadwater,

ad from the Town of Ware, through Watton, to the

North

Severn

and

Vernievr

Flfhery.

Rebuilding

Newgate.

Committee on the State of rht Nation*

Importation ot Coro*

Galley

Corner

Road.

Hen'ortl* Slc. Roaua.

18 Geo. III. 20® Februa" 717

North End of the Town of in the said

County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Turn-

pike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, a it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Art was read . And,

7 hom as Planter Bydc, Esquire, being examined, said, Thaj the Truliees hate proceeded to put the said Art in execution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money, which has been applied, according to the Directions of the said Art; that the Sum of £.5,000 now remains due, which cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Art is further continued, the lolls increased, and some other Powers given.

Ordered, That l^eave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Art, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the Etlt kind of the Town of Hertford, in the County o through

Walton, to Broad:outer-, and from the Town of Ware, through Walton, to the North End of the Town of Walkern, in the said County: And that Mr. Plumer, Mr. Haifa/, Mr. Baker, and the Lord Cranborne, do prepare, and bring iu, the fame.

Gmerd Mr. George Onslow presented to the House accord-ng to Order, a Bill for repealing so much of an Art, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and " reduce into One Art of Parliament., the General Laws, now in being, for regulating the Turnpike " Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England,

ami for other Purpot'es," as is to subject Carriages, having till? Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, to the Payment of Double Tolls; and for vacating contrarts for leafing Tolls: And the same was received: and read the First Time.

Ref deed.That the Bill ho read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the salt! Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Hitthaa Mr. Hopkins reported from the Committee, to whom

Jouirfure. the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Watle Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of H in the County of ingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners. of Lands of the annual Value of £,2, who refused to sign the Bill; and alto except the Owuers of Lands of the annual Value of £.46. 15 who refused to sign the Bill, but had no Objection to the Inclosure; and that the Whole of the I>ands, intended, to be indofed, are of the annual Value of £.939. 15 ;and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to j^eport to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;.and afterwards Vol. 36.

delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments^ be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Hirdwicke Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, IncMure. and Commonable Lands, within the Township and Liberties of Hardzoicke, in the County of Buckingham,

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Earl Verney, Mr. Grenville, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

/ .

Mr. Goddard presented to the House, according to Ogbom Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting certain Opqn . St- Andrew and Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Lands Inclosure. or Grounds, in the Tything of Ogbom Saint Andrew, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received 1 and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Inhabitants, and Owners of A|<Je, Estates, in and near the High Street or Road leading Paving, from Aldersgate Bars, in the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldersgate, London, to the Turnpike, near the End of Goswell Street, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Pavement of the said Street or Road is in a ruinous Condition, and very dangerous to Passengers, info much that it has, since the Improvement of the Avenues leading from Mington to London, become almost unfrequented by Travellers, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and all others Ihterested therein; and that, by an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for completing Blackfriars Bridge, and other Purposes, the Sum of £.156,000 was allowed to be borrowed, for carrying on the several Public Works, therein mentioned, and, in order to establish a Fund for repaying such Sum, the Duties on Coals and,

Culm, imported in the Port of London, Were further continued to Michaelmas 1831,. and £.50,000, Part of the said £.156,000, was, by the said Art, directed to be applied in rebuilding Newgate, and other Purposes relative thereto; and further setting forth. That-it appears, by the Votes, that the Eqr4 Maypr, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, haye. petitioned for Power to raise a further considerable Sum upon the Credit of the Suplufes to arise from the said Fund, charged upon the Duties on Coals and Culm, to be applied ifl completing Newgate', building a Sessions House, and other public Business, alledging, that the whole Debt charged upon the said Coal Duties will nevertheless be paid off long before the Time allowed by the said Art of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty; and that the well-paving of the said Street or Road, leading from Aldersgate Bars to the Turnpike near the End of Goswell Street aforesaid, will be of very great public Utility, but the Inhabitants thereof are incapable of performing the fame: And therefore praying. That Provision may be maftp, to impower the City of London to borrow such further Sum, upon the Credit of the Surplufes arising from the said Coal Duties, as will be sufficient to enable them to new. pave the said Street or Road.

Ordered, That the said Petition ;be referred to the Confederation of a Committep: And that they do examine the Matter theref)/'; ajid rppprt the fame,- as jt shall appeai: to then^ i^. the House.

7i 8

20® Ftbru

4. 1778.

And it if referred to Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr.

Ac.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in toe Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and , Records.

Scarborough The Earl of Tyrconnel reported from the Committee, P*- to whom the Petition of Sir William St.

Baronet, Richard Bempde

Robert Wils/ord, Thomas , and Marmaduke

Prickett, Esquires, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Commissionera appointed for putting in execution several Arts of Parliament lately passed, for enlarging, improving, and keeping in Repair, or otherwise relating to, the Piers and Harbour of borough, in the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts, passed in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign ofdfe^fete Majesty King George the Second, and the Third Year of His present Majesty, for improving the Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York, were produced, and read:

By which it appeared, that several Rates and Duties therein mentioned, were made payable for enlarging the said Harbour; and that the Terms of the said Acts are near expiring. And,

Mr. Adam Hewitt, an Engineer, informed your Committee, That the said Harbour hath been greatly improved, and that, in order to render the same ex-tenfively useful, a new Pier has been begun, and is now carrying on at a very large annual Expence, which, when finished, will render the said Harbour more safe and commodious, and be of public Utility; and he added, that the said Pier cannot be completed; and the other Works, which are or may be from Time to Time carrying on, perfected, unless the said Duties be continued for a further Term of Years.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing the Duties granted by Three Acts, made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York: And that the Earl of Tyrconnel, Sir Hugh Palliser, and Sir George Savile, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Alderman Wilkes reported from the Comm ittee, Long’s to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Nat* An Act for naturalizing Francis Long, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Wilkes do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and North.iier*. enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Northallertonto the South Wall of the Church Yard of the Town of Thirsk, and from the South pad End of the Street called Finkell Street, in Thirsk aforesaid, to and through the Town of in.

the County of York, to a Place called Burton Stone, near the City of York, and also the Road from Thirsk aforesaid to Topcliffe, in the N orth Riding of the Counfr of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Daniel Lqfcelles, Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Skipwith presented to the House, according to Shodtburgh Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inclosure. Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, called Shuckburgh Fields, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Skipnoith presented to the House, according to Ntpto* Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inclosure' Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberties of Napton upon the Hill, in the County of Warwick:

And the same was received; and read the First Time

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bills.

of

Mr. Alderman Oliver presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making proper Drains and Sewers, for the Purpose of carrying off the Water

liondon;

Hailiwell and

from the Prebendal Estate of Hailiwell and in the Suburbs of the City of London, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ereihun The Lord Beauchamp presented to the House, ac-

to cording to Order, a Bill for repealing certain Parts of

Alcester Three several Acts of Parliament, of the First, the Seventeenth, and the Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, made for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester; and for repairing and widening the Read from Evesham Bridge, in the said Borough, to the Globe Inn in All cester, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

20

Road.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more Exch*n8* " effectual preventing, and further Punishment, of Forgery, Perjury, and Subornation of Perjury; and to " make it Felony to steal Bonds, Notes, or other " Securities for Payment of Money," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the Forging the Acceptance of Bills of Exchange,

or the Numbers or principal Sums of accountable " Receipts for Notes, Bills, or other Securities for " Payment of Money, or Warrants, or Orders, for " Payment of Money, or Delivery of Goods," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to his Ma- idly several Rates and Duties upon Offices' and Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows " or Lights, and for raising the Sum of five Millions,

« by

Geo. III.

20* Februarii.

7*9

" by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged mi the *f said Rates and Duties," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill

to explain an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual , preventing the Forging the Acceptance of Bills of

I Exchange, or the Numbers, or principal Sums, of

accountable Receipts for Notes, Bills, or other Ser " curities for Payment of Money, or Warrants, or Orders, for Payment of Money, or Delivery of \ " Goods:" And that Mr. Morton, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Tannto# Mr. Phelifts presented to the House, according to tad*. Order, a Bill for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, in the County of and for repealing Two Acts, One of the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty, and the other of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, relating to the said Roads; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads through the said Town of Taunton, and from Ham! 11 Cnto Hartrow Gate: And the fame

Snfljf.

w»recei\e<l; and read the FirflTime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty >

„ A Motion was made. That the Report, which was made from the Committee who were appointed to prepare an F.ftimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloat h-ing of the Militia, for the Year 1778, be referred to the said Committee.

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the House, to make such Provision for defraying the Charges of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia/for the Year 1778, as they shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworthreported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, that

he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Gfoncrfter Sir William Gnife presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to repeal an Act, pasted in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of Kin the Second, for

enlarging the Terms and Powers of several Acts passed for amending the Road from Gloucester to Stone, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, so for as the same relates to the Road from the City of Gloucester, to the Town of Stroud in the County of Gloucester; and for granting other Powers for amending the said Road: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Vot. 36.

to

Stone

Roads.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to* w*r» resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to *"* "' consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; . *

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Bill to enable His Majesty to appoint Commife sioners, with sufficient Powers, to treat, consult, and agree upon, the Means of quieting the Disorders now* Amerfca subsisting in certain of the Colonies, Plantations, and Provinces, of North America, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Bill for declaring the Intentions of the Parliament American of Great Britain, concerning the Exercise of the Right declaratory of imposing Taxes within His Majesty’s Colonies Provinces, and Plantations, in North was, according to Order, Tead a Second TimV

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rt jolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, to Whitftabh whom the Petition of several of the Free Flfliers arid Oviter Dredgers belonging to the Oyster Fishery, within the Fifllery-Manor and Royalty of Whilfiable, in the County of Kent, in Behalf of themselves and alt other Free Fishers and Dredgers there, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Mr. St. John have Leave to make a Motion, it being Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly;

And the said Report was read; and is as followeth;

viz.

To prove the Allegations of the fold Petition; Mr.

Thomas Gaun, being examined, said, That there has been. Time out of Mind, an Oyster Fishery within the Manor and Royalty of Whitstable, in the County of Kent, wherein all Persons who are regularly admitted Freemen of the said Fishery, at a Court called a Court of Dredging, have a Right to fish or catch Oysters, or the Brood thereof — That he has known the Fishery upwards of Forty-two Years — That it is marked out by.

Buoys and Beacons, at the Expence of the Fishermen — Inat a Court is held every Year for the Regulation of it — That the Fishery has suffered greatly of late, and particularly within this last Year, by Means of Strangers and Intruders fishing and dredging within the Limits thereof, to the great Prejudice of the Person&.entitled to it, as Freemen of the said Fishery, notwithstanding the y do, at a great Expence, keep a Watch, in order to protect the same — That the said Fishery, on former Occasions, and lately, has iurnished many useful Seamen for the Service of the Public — That great Numbers of the People of the Country are employed in the Fishery, and that the said Freemen generally have between 50 and 60 Apprentices employed in it — That if the Fishery was protected from the lntrufion of Strangers, and properly secured to the Persons entitled to it as Freemen, whose Livelihood almost wholly depends thereupon, the same would not only be of great Advantage to them, but also to Numbers of the Inhabitants of the Fast

Part

G ,°8le

1 o° — 23* Tebrmrii. 1778.

Part, of the County of Kent; and be of public Utility.

Mr. Anguftine Sayer, being examined, said, That he

has known the Filliery upwards of 60 Years; and confirmed the above Evidence.

Mr. Stephen Quay, being examined, said, That he is 62 Years old, has known the Fishery all his Life Time, and also confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually securing the Oyster Fishery at Jtable, in the County of Kent: And that Mr. St. John and Mr. Marsham do prepare, mid bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 2 30 die Februarii\

> Anr^j^* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1778. Prayers.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time. ,1 .

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for annexing a Portion of the Rectory, apd of the Rectory Manor thereto belonging, of Huntspill, in the County of Somerset, to the Office of Mailer of Baliol College, in Oxjord, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Combe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Simeon Stuart reported from the Committee, to whom the Petjtion of several Noblemen, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the Counties of Southampton and Surrey, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examiged, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his' Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Marine

I'otcet.

Mariners

and

Seamen.

Bockampton

Inclosure.

Rufliden

inclosure.

Horsley Bar, See. Road.

Cazenove's

Nat.

Laughton

Tythes.

ANTOINE Bazin took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Angui/k:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels; without any‘Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common . Fields, Downs, and Commonable Grounds, in the Hamlet or Tything of Bockampton, in the Parish of Lambourne, in the County of Berks: without any Amendment: And also,.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Lands, in the Pa-rifli of Rushden, in the County of with-

out any Amendment: And also, '

The Lords have agreed to the: Bill, intituled,. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his: late Majesty King. George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from Long Horsley Bar, or Gate, on: the Poll Road near the Town of Morpeth, by or through Long Horsley, Weldon Bridge, and Whittingham, to the River Breamish, and from thence to Piercy's in the County of Northumberland swithout any Amend-

ment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing James without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for establishing an Agreement, for discharging the Manor of Laughton, in the County of Leicester, and certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Laughton, from the Payment of Tythes, or any Modus or Rate for Tythe; and for veiling.other Lands and Hereditaments in the Rector of the said Parish, and his-Successors, as a Compensation for the said Tythes, and in lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Joseph Parker, a Surveyor, being examined, said, "Fhat he surveyed the Lands through which the intended Canal from Bajingsteke, in the County of Southampton, to communicate with the River Wey, in the Parish of Ckcrtfey, in the County of Surrey, is proposed to be made, and is of Opinion, that it is practicable to make the lame; and that the making such Canal will be of public Utility. Then,

Mr.. Thomas Hajker, being examined, confirmed the above Evidence, with respect to the public Utility of the said Canal.

Mr. William Hodgkmfon, a Surveyor, confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Parker, as to the Practicability of making the said Canal; and being asked, W hat Number of Locks were proposed to be made, and how much each Lock would coll; he said, He was of Opinion, it . would, be proper to make 40 Five Feet Locks, and that the Expence of each Lock would be about £.350. Then,

Mr. Thomas Hajker was asked. What Reason he had for thinking this Canal would be of public Utility?

who, fipd, That the Price in the Carriage of Timber, Corn, and all other heavy Goods, between Hampshire and London, will be reduced Two-thirds, which will be a great Saving in the Price of the Carriage of Timber used in ;His Majesty’s Yards at Deptford, and

Chatham; :;

That the Corn grown in Hampshire, is in general sent to die London Markets, some by Reading, and some by Chertsey, but that some is sent Wellward, to Winchester and Newbury Markets.

Being asked. Whether the Prie^of Coal is not lower in Winchester than at London ? he laid, The Price of Coals is generally lower at Winchester, but that the Coals at Winchester are of an inferior Quality to the Coals at , London. .

The said Joseph Parker being asked. Whether the supplying the intended Navigation with Water, would interfere with the Supply of Water for the Winchester Navigation to Southampton ?he said. He thought it

would not, as he apprehends all the Water which will be taken for supplying the intended Canal, would otherwise run into the Thames. Then,

Mr. Thomas Hajker being asked. From whence the Neighbourhood of Basingstoke were principally supplied with their Coals ? he said. From Winchester 1 but that they have some from Re, and some from dermafon. And the same Question being put with respect to Iron? he said. Their principal Supply of

iron

Huntspill

Rectory.

Basingftok*

Canal.

18 Geo. III. 2~fi Februarii. 721

Iron is from Reading, Slaines, Chert fey, and Brentford, And,

Mr. Thomas May, being examined, was asked his Opinion with respect to the Utility of the ,proposed Canal; he said. He thought it would be of great Utility to all the Counties through which it is to pass, and for many Miles round; and also of public Utility.

Being asked, If he thought it would be of Advantage to Winchester? he said, It w ould certainly be pre-

judicial to the Canal from Winchester to Southampton, because they would not then bring so many Goods to Bafngstoke as they now do, because at many Seasons of the Year, and in particular Months, Coals are Cheaper at London than at Winclief er, and are of a much superior Quality.

That the Witness thinks, when the proposed Canal is made, the Price of Coals in the Neighbourhood of Bafngstoke, will be reduced 2d. or 3d. a Bushel; that the common Price of Coal, in the Neighbourhood of Bafngstoke, is at present about 1 s. a Bushel; that upon an Average, they are about a Bushel more at Bafngstoke than at Winchefie

Being asked, Whether he did not think that Reading would be injured by this Canal i he said. He did not think the Canal would be any Advantage to Reading.

Being asked, What is the Price of the Carriage of a Load of Meal from Bafngstoke to Reading he said,

12 s.6 d. — that the intended Price between Queenhithe and Bafngstoke will be 11 s. 6rf.

And being asked, Whether he did not think, that from the Facility of the Carriage from Bafngstoke to Queenhithe, when the proposed Canal is made, it would not encrease the Value of Corn in the Neighbourhood of Bafngstoke ? he said. He thought it would make it rather dearer; but that it would depend upon the Markets; — that he thought the making the Canal would make Oats rather cheaper in the Neighbourhood of Bafngstoke.

The Witness was then asked, If London, was not their chief Market at present for Meal and Malt, and how those Commodities are conveyed at present? he said, London was their Chief Market for Meal and^Malt, and that they are sent in Waggons to Reading, Staines, ChcrtJ'ey, and Aldermafon, and from thence conveyed

by Water Carriage to London -, and that the major Part of the Timber sent out of the Neighbourhood of Bafngstoke was sent down the Thames.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making a navigable Canal from the Town of Bafngstoke, in the County of Southampton, to communicate with the River Wey, in the Parish of Chertsey, in the County of Surrey: And that Sir Simeon Stuart and Sir Henry St.John, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Chester Canal Navigation, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, made in the Twelfth and Seventeenth Years of

Vol. 3(6

the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a navigable Cut or Canal from the River within the Liberties of the City of C'liefer, to or near

and Nantwich, in the County of Chester, were read; And,

Mr. John Moon (Clerk to the Company of Proprietors of the Chester Canal Navigation) being examined, said. That in pursuance of the last mentioned Act, several of the Proprietors agreed to subscribe £. 60 per Centum, upon the original Capital Stock; — that some others of the Proprietors have refused to subscribe, and no new Subscribers having offered to take any Share in the said Concern, and the Money so subscribed, being short of the 20,000. Part of the Money authorized to be raised by the said Act, and the Term for making the said Subscription being expired, the Payment of the Money so subscribed cannot be enforced, and if enforced would not be sufficient to complete the said Navigation.

That under the Powers now vested in the said Company of Proprietors they are not able to raise such a Sum of Money as is uecessary to conylfvtc the said Undertaking, and unless further Powers are granted for that Purpose, the Money already expended wilt be almoll entirely lolt, to the great Injury of the Petitioners and the Public.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectuallycarrying into execution the Powers contained in Twofeveral Acts of Parliament, the One made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to or near Middlewichand in the County of Chester; and the other, made in the Seventeenth Year of His said Majesty’s Reign, for varying and enlarging the Powers of the said former Act: And' that Mr. Crewe and Mr. Samuel Egerlon do prepare* and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Garthpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, M alle Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Manor and Tything of Coate, in the Parish of Bishops Cannings, in the County of Wilts And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Sixpence of the new Roads of Communication, and building the Bridges in the Highlands of North Britain, pursuant to the Orders of his Grace the Duke of Argyll, for the Year 1778.

The Lord Barrington also presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

A Paper, intituled, " Officers of Lieutenant Colonel " Campbell's Corps: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Officers of Colonel Gordon's * Corps of HighlandersAnd also,

A Paper, intituled, "Officers of Lord Seaforth's " Corps."

And the Titles of the said Estimate and Papers were read.

The said Estimate and Papers are as followeth;

viz.

S X

Coate

Inclosure.

EfTimarc,

See.

presented.

722

2 3° Februarii.

A. 1778.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of the new Roads of Communication, and building the Bridges, in the Higiw lands of North Britain, pursuant to the Orders of his Grace the Duke of Argyll, for the \ear 1778.

To a Party to work on the Road from Stirling, by Drummond in Lennox to Dunbarton; confifi ing of 2 Subaltern Officers at 3*. per Diem each, 2 Serjeants at 1 Jh. each, 2 Corporals at 8 d.each, 2 Drummers and 50 private Men at 6d. each, for 92 Days -Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, Underground Drains, Iron, Lime, and incident Expences ——

To a Party to work on the Road from Fort Augtowards Berner a and the Isle of confiding of 2 Subalterns, 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 2 Drummers, and 50 private Men, at D8 Rates, 92 Days each ——

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, Underground Drains, Iron, Lime, and incident

Expences.....- - -

To a Party to work on the Road from Fort-William, over the Black Mountain, to Stirling,

from FynSrom to Inver ary, and from Dalmalito; confiding of 1 Subaltern, 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 1 Drummer, and 50 private Men, at D° Rates, 92 Days each -Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, kc. - - -

To a Party to work from Stirling, by Creejf and Toy bridge, to confiding of

2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and 28 private Men, at D" Rates, 92 Days each -

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, &c.

To a Party to work on the Road from Inverness, by Pitmean, to Dalnacardoch; confiding of 1 Subaltern, 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 1 Drummer, and 50 private Men, at D* Rates,

92 Days each - - - -- -....

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, kc. - - - -....

To a Party to work from Dunbarton, up Locldomondjide, to Tarbet and to Inverary, and through Glenfallach and Glenfruen to the Junction of the Road with the Black Road; confiding of 1 Subaltern, 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 1 Drummer, and 30 private Men, at D* Rates, 92 Days each -

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, &c. ——

To a Party to work on the Line of Road from Fort-George, through Strathspey, to Corgarff Barracks, Braemar Cadle, and to Blairgowrie and Cupar in Angus; conlilting of 2 Subalterns, 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 2 Drummers, and 50 private Men, at the foresaid Rates,

for 92 Days each - -- --.....-

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, kc. ——

To a Party to work on the Road from Canton to Follow, in confiding of 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and 25 private Men, at D8 Rates, 92 Days each -

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, &c. -

To a Party to work on the Road leading over the Cam0 Mount to confiding

of 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and 28 private Men, at D° Rates, 92 Days each Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, &c. -

To a Party to work on the Road from Dunk '.eld, by Blair in to con-

siding of 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and 24 private Men, at D° Rates, 92 Days each -Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, &c. -

To a Party to work on the Road from Fochabers on Speyjide, to Strathbogie; confiding of 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and 24 private Men, at D8 Rates, 92 Days each -

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, &c. -

To the new Road from Fort Patrick to the River of Sark, and to the Harbour at Port

Patrick -.....-----

To the Bridge over the Water of Doeveran, confiding of 7 Arches -

To fmiffi the Bridge over the Water of Aray, Two Arches of 74 Feet each -

To repair Spey Bridge by Castle Grant

To build Three Bridges, and to repair different Bridges upon the Line of Road from Cupar in Angus to Fort George -

To rebuild Two Bridges upon the Black Mount Road, carried away by the Floods in

1777 - ....

lo build Six Bridges upon the Road from Dalnacardoch to Dunkeld -To build Four Bridges upon the Road from Stirling to Dunbarton -To repair Bridges upon the Line of Road from Stirling to Dalnacardoch, a great many in

a very bad Condition - -- --....

lb repair several Bridges upon the Line of Road from Stirling to Fort William To repair Bridges from Dalwhinnie, over Corriarick, to Fort Augustus -

To repair Bridges from Fort William, by Fort Augustus, to Inverness -To repair Bridges from Dunkeld, by Stralhbrand, to Amelrie -

Total - - £.

War Office,

22 February 177?.

Barrington.

£ s. d.

162 1.0

118 — —

162 10 8

121 10 —

146 8 8

123 5

79 M 8

53 16 —

146 8 8

124 10

loo 8 8

81 15 9

162 10 8

122 6

7 2 16 8

48 *5 3

79 14 3

56 16 —

70 10 8

49 16 —

70 10 8

5° 15 3

2,000 . — — .

1,000 — —

320 16 —

125 5 —

230 15 6

93 18 —

210 15 4

214 10 21

220 12 3

96 18

68 9 —

110 10 4

100 3 —

6,998 12 5

OFFICERS

13 Geo. III. 23

t

7?3

OFFICERS of Lieut. Colonel Campbells Corps.

Time of Serrice.

Lt. Col. Com® John Campbell - - -Majors - - Alexander Campbell - — - John Campbell - -

Captains - - Ronald Mac Donnell -

— Donald Campbell - -

— Charles Campbell - -

— Ladovick Colquhoun -

— Archibald Campbell -

— John Campbell -

— Alexander Campbell -

Cap. Lieut John Campbell - -

Lieutenants - Dougal , jun.

— Neil Campbell -

— Malcolm Campbell

— John Stuart -

— Lachlan Mac quarie.

— John Cameron.

— Archibald Campbell.

— Alexander Mac Donell.

— Colin Campbell.

— Colin Campbell.

— Charles

— Robin Mac Farlane.

— Colin Campbell.

— John Campbell.

— Duncan Campbell.

— Murdoch Maclean.

— Claud Hamilton.

— George Dunlop.

— Colin Campbell.

— James Mac Heath.

— Campbell.

EnGgns - - Archibald Mac Lean.

— Donald Stewart.

— Donald Campbell.

— John Campbell.

— William Lambie.

— Duncan Stewart.

— John Campbell.

— John Campbell. Chaplain - - Paul Adjutant - -

Quarter Mailer Neil Campbell. Surgeon - - James Wood.

Lt. Col. Br. 25th May 1772, Maj. late 78th F. - -

Captain, 26th Sept. 72, 62* Foot - -

Captain, 2d Dec.75, 71st F.

Late a Captain in the 66th Foot, and Major by Brevet, the 23d July 1772, served 18 Years and fold out in 1775.

Lieut. 1 ith FeA. 1757, late 78th Foot -Lieut. 25th Nov.75, 71st Foot

Lieut. 15th Dec. 75, 71st F. -

Lieut. 14th Dec. 76, 36th F. - - »

Lieut. 27th OB. 77, 40th F.

Ensign, ill Sept. 77, 3d F. Guards Lieut. 31st May77, 42d F. -Lieut. 22d Dec. 75, 71st F.

EnGgn, 5th March 77, 68th F.

Lieut. 1 oth Sept, qq, late Fencible Reg* -Volunteer in 63d Foot.

22 Years.

21

2.

4

2

2

18

♦ t , t _ , ____

VOL. 36.

A. 1778

724

a30 Februarii.

OFFICERS of Colonel

Gordon's Corps of ifighlanders.

Colonel - - -Lieut. Colonel -First Major - -Second Major -Captains - -

Capt. Lieut. Lieutenants. *

Ensigns

Chaplain. Adjutant. Quarter Matter Surgeon.

Hon. William Gordon Hon. John Gordon -Alexander R - -John Macdonald - -Peter Gordon - -

Adam Gordon - -Alexander Leith - -George Moncrieff — Lord Strathaven ----- Rujell -

.---- Maclean.

----- Henry Dun.

---- Skene.

----- Sinclair.

*---- Malcolm.

----- Hay

----- Keilli.

----- Gordon.

----- Newell.

---- Maclachlen.

----- Kelso.

---- Sutherland.

----- Macpherjbn.

----- Douglas.

----- Grant.

----- Dalrymple.

---- JvhnJtone.

---- Gordon.

----- Ryan.

—— Cameron.

Late 105th F. Col. Brevet, 29th Aug 1777 Capt. 52d F. Lt. Col. Br. 29th Aug. 1777 €£ipt. 71st F. Major Br.- 29th Aug. 77 Captain, 7 th 061. 1775, 26th Foot Lieut. 3d Nov. 73, J3U1F.

Lieut, a6th Dec. 74, 66th F.

Lieut. 10th July 76, 66th F-Lieut. 2d June 77, 10th F. - „

Ensign, 2d Sept. 77, ifi; F. G*».

Lieut. Half Pay.

Time of

Service.

2 t Years.

22

18

6

8

6

2

jr

OFFICERS of Lord Corps.

Time of

Service-

Lieut. Col. Coradt. Kenneth Earl of Seaforlh.

Majors, - - - James Stuart, ... Captain, 12th Jan. 1770,64th Foot - - 16 Years.

Captains,

Capt. Lieut. Lieutenants,

Ensigns, -

Chaplain. Adjutant, - -

Quarter Matter,

George Mackenzie Kenneth Mackenzie Charles Halket -Robert Lumf,

Lieutenant, 19th July 69, 19th Foot Captain, Dutch Service -Capt. Lieut. Dutch Service Lieut. 26th Dec. 70, nth Foot

Donald Moodie, - - - 2d Lieut. 2d Mar. 76, Marines George Mackenzie - - 2d Lieut. 17 th Mar. 76, Marines

----- Dalyell, Ensign, 5th 061. 76, 32d Foo

William Sinclair, of Frefwick.

Kenneth Mackenzie of Redcqjlle.

Charles Mc Kenzie, of Kilcowie.

David Melville.

Robert Riddle.

Robert Marshall George Lines.

John Johnston Pat. Haggard.

James Stewart.

John Mitchell,

Kenneth Mackenzie.'

---- Gunn ... - Serjeant, Foot Guards.

14

11

2

2

1

Ordered,

18 Geo. III. 23 ° Februa725

Ordered, That the said Estimate and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Korthamptoa Mr. Tollemache reported from the Committee, to Pi’rLjg. whom the Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Northampton, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Town, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); t'iz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Christopher Smyth, being examined, said, That the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the said Town, are very badly paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and are subject to various Incroachments, and other Annoyances, to the great Hazard and Inconvenience to Travellers and Passengers; and, lie added, that if the same were properly lighted, paved, cleansed, and watched, and all Incroachments removed, it would be of great Benefit, Safety, and Convenience,- to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and all Persons travelling through the fame; but that the same can^t be done without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Town of Northampton; and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein: And that Mr. Tollemache, Mr. Frederick Montagu, and Sir George Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Brampton Mr. Poivys reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of fereral Trustees, appointed to put in Roads. Execution several Acts of Parliament, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the Twelfth and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Secgftd, for amending the Highways leading from to

Welford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, and the Great Post Road frotn Mortar Pit Hill to Chain Bridge, leading into MarketHarborough, in the County of Leicester, and also the Roads from Mortar Pit Hill

and Brampton Bridge to the Town of , was

referred: That the Committee had examined, and found that -the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the Twelfth and Twenty-third Years of his late Majesty, were read: And,

Mr. Christopher Smith, being examined, said. That

the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have made great Progress in the Repair of the said Roads; — that the Sum of 3,500 has been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized by the said Acts, which Money has been duly applied for the Purposes thereof, and now remains due; — that the same cannot be paid off, and the said Roads completed and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be enlarged.

And the Witness added, That several Amendments and Alterations are necessary to be made to the said Acts, and that it is proposed to reduce the same into One Act of Parliament.

Vox.. 36.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better repairing, amending, and w idening, the Roads leading from Brampton Bridge to Welford Bridge, and from Mortar Pit Hill to Chain Bridge, in the County of Northampton; and also from Mortar Pit and Brampton Bridge aforesaid, to the Town of Northampton; and for repealing several Acts, made in the Eighth Year of King George the First, and the Twelfth and Twenty-third Years of his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads: And -that Mr. Powys and Mr. Knightley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Harptle Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Com- Incldfure. mon Meadows, Heath, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of in

the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Powys,

Mr. Knightley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

t

Sir George Howard reported from the Committee, to kirton whom the Petition of Brownlow Earl of Exeter, Lord Small Debts, of the Soke of Kirton, in the County of Lincoln, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to' them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame

was read; and is as followeth;' viz . '

To prove thd Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Baynes Garforth produced to your Committee an Office Copy of a Grant from Sir Valentine Brown and Christopher Cocker to Sir William Cecil, Baron of Burley,

Lord High Treasurer of England, of the Manor,

Seigniory, and Lordship, of Kirton, otherwise Kirton Soke, dated the 18th of February, in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth.

And the Witness said, That the above was a true Copy, and that he examined it with the Record.

Then an Exemplification of a Claim of Liberties for the Soke of Kirton, made by Lord Burley, and allowed, dated the 20th of April, in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, was produced to your Committee.

Then several Court Books of the Soke of Kirton,

Parcel of the Honor of Richmond, beginning the 22d Augiifi 1673, and ending the 2qth March 17.51, containing, in general. Entries of Pleas of Debts under1 Forty Shillings, were produced.

Then an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, of the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the several Parishes of Surfleet, Quad-

ring, Donington, Bicker, Sioinejhead,

Algarkirk, FoJ’dike, Kirton, Frampton, Wiberton, and Brothertoft, within the Hundred of Kirton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was read, whereby it is declared, that no Person ft tall sue for Debts under Forty Shillings, contracted within the Limits of t.he Court thereby established, but at that Court.

And your Committee observed, That the said Act has no General Saving Clause in it.

John Skerritt and Thomas Hoggard, being severally examined, said. That the said Act does not extend to any Places but what are in the said Soke of Kirton.

Then,

A Member present informed your Committee, That he was Chairman of the Committee, in the last Session,-to whom the Bill was committed, and that Lord Exeter's Consent was not pretended to be proved before the Committee, the Agents for the Bill not prefaming that his Lordship had any Interest in the said Bill; that he has received a Letter from them declaring, that if they had known Lord Exeter's Consent had bfeen necessary at that Time, they certainly should have applied for it.

8 Y Henry

23° Februarii.

A. 1778.

Hertford

&c.

Roads.

Btrnflcy

Common,

&c.

Road*

Birches

Brook,

See.

Road*

Biflinghay

Drainage.

Henry Robinson, being examined, said. That he was

3. Bailiff of Lord Exeter's Court, and used to serve Summonses upon People to attend that Court for Pay* nient of Small Debts; that he remembers several Causes for small Debts having been tried there, above Twenty Years ago; that those Causes have been in Consequence of the Summonses he served; that he does not remember any Prosecutions, for People came and paid their Debts.

That Walter Johnson, Esquire, Counsellor at Law, was, at that Time, Steward of the Court, and attended; that he has been extremely ill for several Years, and neglected coming to the Court, and that is the Reason why the Court has not been continued to be held.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament for the Ptecovery of Sm^ll Debts, within the several Parishes of Surfed, Gojberlon,

Ricker, Swineshead, Wigtqft, Suttertan,

dyke, Kirlon, Frampton, W and

within the Hundred of Kir tan, and County of Lincoln: And that Sir George Howard, Mr. Cecil, and Mr. Morton, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Plumer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill so,r enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the East End of the Town of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, through Walton, to Broadwater; and front the Tovvft of Ware, through Watton, to the North End Of the T^own of Walkern, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for continuing the Terra, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-fecoira Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Ealt Side of Common,

in the County of York, to the Middle of Grange and from thence to WhiteCrofs-, and also die Road from The Guide Pofi in Barugh, to a Rivulet called Bar ugh Brook-, and from thence for Two hundred Yards over and beyond the same Rivulet or Brook, into the Township of Cawthome, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Refotced, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. LafceLLcs, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Live of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Baldwyn reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Birches Brook to Buildwas Bridge, and from thence through the Parishes of Buildwas, Eaton Con-

jtantine, and Wroxeter, to join the Watling Street Turnpike Road, at Tern Bridge, in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the' Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which, they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then,a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Qut-ftion feverafly put thereupon, were- agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Frederick Montagu do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of

the Right honourable William Earl Fitzrcilltam,0\vrior and Proprietor of Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Billinghay, in the County of Lincoln, on Behalf of himself and other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the said Parish, was referred.

Mr Frederick Montagu accordingly reported fro nithe

said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations^of the said Petition, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for dividing and inclosing certain Lands and Grounds, and for draining and preserving the Dales and Common pen, and certain inclosed Low Lands, within the said Parish, was read. Then,

Mr. Thomas Hogard, an Engineer, being examined, said. That several of the Banks necessary to be made for draining and preserving the said Dales, Common Fen, and inclosed Low Lands, are under the foie J u* rifdiction of General Conun issioners, for draining and preserving certain Low Lands, called The Fens, lying on both Sides of the River Win the said County of Lincoln.

That the said Commissioners did, some Time ago, make a considerable Proprefs in making and raising the said Banks, but never completed the fame; and that by an Estimate made by the Witness, previous to passing the said Act of the last Session, for draining and improving the Dales and Common Fen in the Parjfh of Billinghay, it appeared, that it would require £.z,oio. 7 s.(id. to complete the said Banks.

And the Witness added, That when the said Dales and Common Fen are iiiclosed, and held in Severalty; the General Commissioners will receive an Increase in the Taxes they are authorized to raise thereon, to the Amount of £. 113 per Annum.

That it appeared to your Committee, That previous to the passing the said Act of the last Session, the Owners and Proprietors of the said Dales and Fen had reason to expect, either that the said Works would have been completed by She said General Conunissioners, or, that in case the said Owners and Proprietors of the said Dales and Fen should complete the said Works at their awn Expence, the General Commissioners would re-imhurfe them such Sum as they shoukl expend therein, not exceeding in the Whole the said Sum of £.2,020. 7 S.6rf.

It also appeared to your Committee, by a Copy of the Proceedings of the General Coromissioners, at their Annual Meeting, holden at Rofton on the ift Day of July 1777, upon a Representation made to them by the Chairman at that Meeting, that, prior to the Inclosure of Billinghay Dales and Common Fen (from which the Revenue of the said General Commissioners would be considerably encreased) certain Works therein particularly mentioned were necessary to he completed; that they had come to a Resolution to allow the Proprietors of Lands interested in the completing the said Works such Sum, not exceeding 1,500. as shall be bona%side expended therein.

The Witness, being further examined, said. That the Owners and Proprietors having coefidered the very £reat Loss they must sustain from any further Delay m completing the said Works, have proceeded in raising and making the same, and have already ex-ended therein a very considerable Sum of Money, but nd that, the Money already expended, and which will be necessary to be expended for effectually completing the said Works, will exceed the Sum of £. 2,029. 7 s- Gd.) nevertheless they are willing to complete the said Works without, any further Expence to the said General Commissioners, in case they shall be r«/imbursed the said Sum of £. 2,029. 7 6d. being

th?

x 8.Geo. III.

23° Februarii.

1*1

Lm Bridge Roads.

Taylor* 5

ascertaining tuir Wages.

the Sum they had Reason to expect they should receive from the said General Commissioners.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for authorizing the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for draining and improving Lands and Grounds in the Parish of BiLLirtg-hay, in the County of Lincolnto raise and complete certain Banks and Works which are now under the Jurisdiction of the General Commissioners for draining Lands on both Sides the River; and for reim-

bursing the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds all such Money as shall be expended therein, not exceeding a Sum to be limited: And that Mr. Frederick Montagu and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the Came.

An ingrossed Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for building a Bridge over the River Lea, at or near a Place called Jeremy's Ferry, and for making, repairing, and widening, Roads from thence into the Great Roads at broiik, in the County of Essex, and at Clapton, in the County of Middlesex, was read the Tlfird Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King George the Secon^ for building a Bridge ow the River Lea, at or near a Place called Jeremy's JFWry, and for making, repairing, and widening. Roads from thence into the Great Roads at in

the County of Fssex, and at Clapton, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Strutt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Herbert Mackiaortk reported from the Committee, to Whom the Petition of the several Person9, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Mailer Taylors within the City of London, and within Five Miles thereof, 00 behalf of themselves and other Master Taylors, within the Limits aforesaid, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him. to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and ho read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same vroB read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, made in the Seventh Year of King George the First, and the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Journeymen Taylors within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, were produced to your Committee, whereby it appeared that several Penalties and Punish-wents are inflated upon Matter Taylors for giving, and upon Journeymen for receiving, any more or greater Wages than by the said Acts are directed. And,

Mr. George Johnstone, a Matter Taylor, being examined, said,. That in pursuance of the said Act of the Eighth Year of* His present Majesty, the Justices of the Peace at the Quarter Sessions for the City of London have fixed the Wages of Journeymen Taylors indiscriminately upon all Sorts, from whence great In* conveniences have arisen to the Matters; for tfaofe Men being very unequal in their Capacities, it has prevented that Emulation which ought to be encouraged amongii them, and also prevents the Matters from rewarding Men of Merit according to their Deserts j that, on this Account, great Combinations have been formed, amongii the Journeymen, to fix their own Wages; and, if their Demands are not immediately complied with, to leave their Work, which prevents |he Matters from executing their Orders, and occasions Difiippointment to their Customers.

And the Witness added. That the Powers and Re- gelations authorized by the 1 aft-mentioned Act, are You 36.

found to be ineffectual, and are attended with great Inconveniences.

Mr. James Pearce and Mr. John Shell confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend, and reduce into One Act of -Parliament, the Laws now in being for regulating Matter and Journeymen Taylors within the Bills of Mortality, and within the Distance of Five Miles thereof: A nd that Sir Herbert Mackxi orth and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. WhUJhcd presented to the House, according to Siddington Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Indofut*. Fields, Meadows, Common Pafiures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Confdidated Parities of Siddingto?i Saint Peter and Siddington Saint

Mary, in the County of Gloucester, and for taking down

the Rectory Church of Saint Mary, within the said Parities: And the same was received; and read the First Tin*e.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Pe- Middlesex tition of the Gentlemen, named in the Commission of Session-hous*. the Peace for the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for completing the Bridge cross the River " Thames, from Blackfridrs, in the City of London, to " the opposit-e Side, in the County of Surrey, and the Avenues thereto on the London Side; for redeeming " the Tolls on the said Bridge, and on London Bridge j " for rebuilding the Gaol of N, in the said s* City; for repairing the Royal Exchange within the same; for embanking Part of the North Side of the said River, within certain Limits; and for farther continuing, towards those Purposes, the Imposition of Sixpence per Chaldron or Ton* of Coals and Culm imported into the Port of the said City, established " by an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the " Reign of King William and Queen and

" aMb for carrying on the new Pavements in the City " and Liberties of Westminster, and Parities adjacent,

" and in the Town and Borough of Southwark, and " for other Purposes therein mentioned;" the Sum of

£. 156,000 was allowed to be borrowed, for the Purpose of carrying on several public Works therein mentioned; and, in order to establiti a Fund for repaying such Sura, the Dnty on Coals and Culm, imported in the Port of London, were further continued to Michael- % mas 1831; and that £. 50,000, Part of the before-mentioned Sum of £. 156,000, were, by the said last mentioned Act, directed to be applied in rebuilding Newgate, and other Purposes relative thereto; and

£. 20,000were given to the Commissioners for put-

ting in execution the several Acts passed, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the City and Liberties of

Westminster, and other Places in the said Acts mentioned, to enable them to execute their Trust; and further setting forth, That it appears, by the Votes, that the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, have petitioned for Power to raise a further considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Surpluses to arise from the said Fund charged upon the Duties on Coals and Culm, to be applied in completing the rebuilding of Newgate, building a Session House, and doing other public Business, alledgirrg, that the whole Debt, Charged upon the/aid Coal Duties, will, nevertheless, be paid off long before the Time allowed by the said Act of the SeventhfYeaf of His present Majesty; and that, after the Appropriation of the Sum of £. 40,000 to the Lfes prayed by the Petition of the said City of London (if the House shall think proper to comply with the fame)

there

K

r

7^8 23 0 Februarii. 1778.

there will (till remain a considerable Surplus arising out of the said Fund; and that, upon the Prayer of the Petitioners, the House has already given Leave for the bringing in a Bill to authorize the Justices of the Peace for the County of to fell the present Session House for the said County, together with the Site thereof, and to build another Session House in a more convenient Situation; and that the present Session House for the said County has been, and such new intended Session House will be, a Building of a public Nature, highly beneficial to the said County; and that the moil considerable Part of the said Duties on Coals arises from the Consumption of that Article within the said County of , and is confe-

questly paid by the Inhabitants thereof: And there- fore praying. That the Petitioners, and all other Persons named in the present, or to be named in any future, Commission of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, may be impowered to raise, on the Credit of the last mentioned Surplus to arise out of the said Fund, after Payment of the Monies already charged thereon, a certain Sum of Money, for the Purpose of building a new Session House for the said County, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall appear reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to 'Sir Herbert Sir

Charles Whitworth, &c,: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to-fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

tition are groundless; and that, from the various and innumerable Articles manufactured in the said Trade, the Mutability of Fashions, and the great Difference in the Skill and Expertness of the Workmen employed therein, the Petitioners sincerelv believe it is itnpoflible to fix and settle the Reward of Labour with that necessary Precision and Certainty as will do Justice to the Workmen, and the Holier, and enable the latter to vend his Goods at a marketable Price, especially in that principal Part of the Branch which conliitutes the Foreign Trade; and that the Petitioners are willing and do pay for the manufacturing of their Goods, Prices adequate to the Nature of the Work, and are of Opinion, that, if an Advance of Wages should be established upon Parliamentary Authority, it will manifestly tend not only to the Injury of the Wholesale Dealer, but to the great Prejudice of the Workmen in general, and produce a great Decline, if not a total Loss, of the Foreign Branch in that Part of our National Trade: And therefore praying the House, That the Prayer and Request of the said Petition may not pass into a Law, but that the Petitioners may, by themselves or Counsel, be heard against the fame, before the Committee to which it was referred, and that a Day may be appointed for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Framework Knitters, whose Names are the"reunto set, on behalf of thgm-selves, and the Framework Knitters residing in the City of [jondon, the Town and County of the Town of Not-

tingham, and in the several Counties of Nottingham, Middlesex, Surrey, Leicester, Derby, Northampton, and Gloucester, is referred.

Briflington

Inclosure.

Mr. Combe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common or Waste Ground, called Briflington, otherwise Bufsleton Common, in the Parish of Briflingotherwise Bufsleton,

in the County of Somerfel, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

framework Petition of the Manufacturing Hollers of the

Regulation T°vvn ai*d County of the Town of Nottingham, and 6 of of the Counties of Nottingham and Derby, was pre-their Wages, fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners perceive, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been prel'ented by several Framework Knitters reading in the City of London, the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, and the Counties of Nottingham, Middlesex, Surrey,. Leicester, Derby, Northampton, and Gloucester, complaining of the Smallness of

their Wages, and also the paying of Frame Rent, and other incidental Charges, as set forth in the said Petition) and praying Leave to bring in a Bill for the Purposes therein requelled; and that the Petitioners, from their intimate Knowledge and Experience in the Nature of the Framework Knitting Business, beg Leave to allure the house, that the Allegations of such Pe-ai

Mr. Pulteneyreported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill to enable His Majesty to license a Theatre in the City of Bristol, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment-, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Mr. Penton, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A Lift of Ships and Vessels of War, which, since 1771 (iuclusive) have been broken up, with the Rates of such Ships; distinguishing those which have been fold after Condemnation, and for whatSums: And also, A Lift of such Officers of His Majesty’s Navy as may have been allowed Half Pay, by virtue of a dispensing Order from the Admiralty,* notwithstanding the y held at the Time beneficial Employments in the Service of the Public; together with the Office or Offices they may have held at the Time respectively: And also.

An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy a9 it flood on the 31st December 1777: And also,

An Account Qf all Ships and Vessels of War built, rebuilt, or repaired, from the Year 1771 (indufive) to the 31st December 1777, comprehending the several Charges that have attended the fame.

And the Titles of the said Lifts, Estimate, and Account , were read.

The said Lifts and Account are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

' v *

Navy

Bristol

Theatre.

1

Accounts* See, fro n the Admiralty*

18 Geo. III.

23* Febrtfat ii.

ri

Navy Office, 9th February 1778.!

An ESTIMATE of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter mentioned, as it hood on the 31st December *777

-c — I----....

Hetf^ of tb^Naw! Estimate*.

«e»y

Wqar spidTear, Ordinary, Extra Repairs, and Transports.

Due to pay off and (hschargo all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, Freight of TranlpQrts, 5fc. supplied for schq Service thereof -for Freight of Transports and Tenders, gnd for Stores delivered into Hijs Majesty’s several Yards, Sc. for which no Bille were made out on the aforesaid 31st De- oember 1777, as also to several B|ills of Exchange' 1 To His Majesty’s several Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary -

For Half Pay to Sea, Officers, according to an Establishment made by h^s late Majesty in Council, on that Behalf > - - »

Seamen’s Wages.

TDue to pay the Men, SCc. unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off To Ships in Sea Pay on the aforesaid 31 1777 -

Tq discharge and pay off all the Bills entered in Course, for Slop Cloaths, Bedding for Seamen, Surgeon’s Necessaries. Free (jjifts, SCc.- T Victualling Dqjbt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners

Due so» Short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty’s £ships in Pay, and which have been paid off For paying off all the Bills entered on their Course Foe Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which $)o B.lls were made out on the aforesaid 3.1st December

.1777 ....

For Necessary Money, Extra-necessary ^lyney, Bills of Excl*ange, and Contingencies - -

To.the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports.

Sick find Hurt, the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate rec ived from those Commifli oners; viz.

Due for the Quarters and Cure of Sick and Hurt Seam^p, set on Shore from His Majesty’s Ships( at; the several Porta, and for iS-iioners of War, and for Contingencies relating to the said Office - - - - r

The Total amounts to the Sum of Four Million Six hun-. dred Eighty-three thousand Five hundred Fifteen Pounds Nineteen Shillings

From whence deducting the Money in’} ' "I

the Treasurer’s Hands - r - fas on the other f -

And also the Money that remained to CSide. t

come in of the Supplies * -3,) *

The Debt will then be Four Million Three thousand Five Hundred Seventy-three Pounds Twelve Shillings and Ten Pence Three Farthings - - ’*

N. B. In this £>ebt is included for Charge of Transports between xft January 1777 and the 31st December following -

And it appears, by an Account received from the'Com* mifiieners of the Victualling, that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers, between the ift January 1777 and 31st December following, amount^ to -

For which Sum of £. 592,970. 14. 9^ no Provisioa. has been made by Parliament; hut if thought fit to be granted, as the like Service was provide^ for in former Years,

The Nett Debt of the Navy will thei* he Three Million Four hundred Ten thousand Six hundred Two Pounds Eighteen Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny .<?* --

Mcc. Suckling. J. IViUiams. Geo. Mdrjt. T. Brett.

1,689,643 18 7 4

5^1,42$

9°>54$ — '

7*>19$ *9 11

113,224 18 J 972,835 7

114,067 & *

17,88$ j3 970,004 9

20,09ft 17 2

13,70$ *4 4

*3*794 7 4

*534 16 3|

O l°V

zzg 450,409 9

r

554*777 *° .58*193

TOTAL.

£. s. (j.

2,4jl3;416 2 ft-

1,2,00,127 7 1

1 *435*48! 2 —

34,490 7 8

4*883,515 19 — 679,944 6 i|

4>9d3>573 12 104

592,970 14 9$

VOL. 36.

8 Z

3,410,602 18

W. Patmer. ^Bateman.

Memorandum

Memorandum: There waf remaining, in the HanU* of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, 6n the 31st December 1777# in Money, afi under-mentioned* knd may be reckoned towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Nary* oa

o

D

CQ

n'

CD

CL

CT

O.

o

c§

?r

la what Treasurer’a Hands.

In Money, a

Right honourable 1 William LordVifeount >

Barrington.

Right honourable 'i

Richard Lord Viscount > Howe. 5

Right honourable Sir Gilbert Elliott. Baronet.

ible )

Right honourable 1 Welfare Ellis, Esq* \

In Money -

D* towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

In Money -

D* towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

In Money -

D* towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

In Money - -

D* towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

In Money -

D* towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

On the Head* of

"Wear and Tear, Ordina y, and Transpurts.

£ d-

7>6*5 2 74

7,051 1 g 5i 10,152 19 5}

i5'*733 7 ~4 83*553 -----4

124,136 3 . 74

Seamen’* Wages.

Victuals.

£ s. d. L- r. d.

i»473 I ix4 2*379 16 5 j

107 9 74 - 5

3.697 2 34 1,640 7 74}

35 10 io£ - 3

14,288 11 n4 2,104 18 i4}

*9 12 64 - - }

10,972 11 — - 6,253 10 84}

106 *9 III m 3

51 *437 9 ‘44 . 3*4 76 5 m

7.»4°* *9 5 5

89,541 9 — i5»854 18 ,74

Tot ki.

£. s. d. 11,605 10 74

12,425 — 2| 26,566 2 i£

8 3,066 8 84

145,869 14) 7

229,532 16 3

There remained, on the 31st December 1777, to come in from the Exchequer* of the Supplier Anno 1777 - -

£.450,469 9 iof

o

230 Februarii. . 177&.

18 Geo. III. 230 fa&ruarii. 73 i

Ordered, That the said Lifts, Estimate, and Account, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

*^and^e^ Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Kdlinvton Meadows, Ings, Common Pastures, and Moors, within Inckfuxe. the Parishes -wf 77limbleby and in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

RcfolttedsThat the Bill be committed to Mr. , Lord Brownlow Bertie, &. c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Landing Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill FiueGood *ie Belief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect tot ae the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this

Kingdom, which are not the Produce or Manufacture of the British Dominions: And that Mr. Fenton and Me. Stephens do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Whiticorth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to HixMnjefiy, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow eth; viz.

Refobed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, and for their Subsistence, during the Time they shall be absent from Home, on Recount of the Annual Exercise for the Year 1778.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Hatton Sir William Guise presented to the House, according Ldelure. tou. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Hills, Downs, Pastures, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of , in

the Count y of G'louceJ/er:And the same was received;

and read the First Time.

Refobed,'1 hat the Bill be read a Second Time.

Way, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House <b>1 Mean3 to resolve it fell' into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider further of \V avs and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House refolded itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

- Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

> Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received T^o-morrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may nave Leave to fit again.

lle/obed. That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Wrays and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, being read;

Call of Ordered, That the Call of the House be further ad-«he House,-jotlr^ef] tjj] Wednesday Sevennight, the ath Day of

March next.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House Vot. 36.

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Refoked, That this Hqyfe will, upon Wednesday Morning next; resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to' coramiffieoer, tefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, for reflonng upon the Bill to enable’His Majesty to appoint Com- Africa missioners, with sufficient Powers, to treat, consult, and agree uponj the Means of tjuieting the Disorders now subsisting in certain of the Colonies, Plantations, and Provinces,-of North Americas

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision for nominating <

the Commissioners by the Bill;

The House was moved. That the Resolution, which upon the 6th Day of February 1775, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House by the Lord , upon the 19th and 31st Days of Januarand the ill Day of February 1775, by His Majesty’s Command, might be fead.

And the same was read accordingly;

Then the Question being put, '1 hat it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision for nominating the Commissioners by the Bill.

It passed in the Negative.

Tiie House was moved. That an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better regulating the Go*

" vernment of the Province of the Bay,

" in New England might be read;

And the same being read accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being ptit.

That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause to repeal the said Act;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for (he Yeas, jT°SaSTcwnJkcnd\,o8-

Tellers for the Noes, }l8‘-

So it passed in the Negative.

A-Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that, in order to avoid the Delay which mull necessarily attend any Treaty to beentered into, or Consultation to be held, in America, they do provide a proper Clause or Clauses, to authorize and require the Commissioners to be appointed by virtue of this Act, in the first Instance, to treat, consult, and agree, upon the Means of quieting the said Disorders, with any Person or Persons now re-Tiding in Europe, who shall appear to be properly authorized for that Purpose. by any Body or Bodies Political or Corporate, or by any Assembly or Assemblies of Men, or any Person or Persons with whom by the said Act the said Commissioners are authorized to treat, consult, and agree.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.-

Mr. Gascoync took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gascoync reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was dir-efted by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

And, the House having continued to fit till near One’ of the Clock on Tuesday Morning;

Resolved;

(Liu-

- -!r *-

73® ®3° — 94® Februarii. A. 177&.

Refitted* That tlii& House will, this Day, reColva itfeit into a Committee of the whole Hcmfe, to consider, further of the said bill.

The other Order of the Day; being read;

American Refilled, That this House will, this Day, resolve ecaratory jnt0 a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for declaring the Intentions of the Parliament of Great Britain, concerning the Exergifeof the Right of imposing Taxes within His Majesty’s Colonies, provinces, and Plantations, in America.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

4

... ... , mm w.aeei w mtrnk —

Martts, z*? die Februarii;

Anno t&® Georgii. IU*U Regis, 1778. PaavEas.

Clift«n C l®- John Goodrich* reported from the Committee,

upon *3 to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the

Catoer Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of

Incioiure. Clifton.upon Colder, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been com [died with; and that the Com-enittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and fbuud the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satis-fcuSkmof the Committee, (except One Person, who had withheld his Conserv* by the Desire of his Tenant, but said he would not oppose the Bill, and whose Estate jrithe said Commons isaliefled to the Land Tax at the Animal Sum of £. 2. 9 4 and that the Whole

«f the Estates annually assessed to the Laud Tax is £.63. 4?. gd. ;and that no Person appeared before

the Committee to oppose the Bill). and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made Several Amendments thereunto; which they had dire^ed him to repoit to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: here the

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then Second Tune, One by One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Scarborough . The Earl of Tyrconnel prefen ted to the House, ac-1>ltr* cording to Order, a Bill for further continuing the Duties granted by Three Acts, made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifih Years of his late Majesty Ring George the Second, and in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s , Reign, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of

borough, in tire County of: And tile same was

received; and read the the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Thoyts’ Mr. IV it mot reported from the Committee, to whom

£ Rates. the iugrofied Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Land?, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent (Part of the Dilates devised and settled by the Will of John deecafed) in Truf-

tees, to be sold, and conveyed to Sir Sampfin Gideon, Baronet, a;ui his Heirs; and for laying out the Monies arising- by inch Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled to and upon the like Uses and Trusts in the said Will, was committed; That, the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their. Content to the Eill, to the Satisfaction of the 20

Committee; and that the Committee had dfre&edljim to report the Bill to the House, without ajriy Auiendr ment: And lie del ivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s'Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pais.

Ordered,t hat Mr. Wilmot do carry the Bilf to the Lords: and acquaint them, that this House hath atgreecj to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. GmmKe.presented to the House, according/ to „n -

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and indofJr*. Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Common Meadows, within the Parish of Ifanjiop, in the County of Buckingham: And the same was received: apd read ,the Firil Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Morton presented to the House, according to Bill* of Order, a Bill to explain an Act, passed in the Seventh Exchange Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual " preventing the forging the Acceptance of Bills of " Exchange, or the Numbers, or principal Sums, of " accountable Receipts for Notes, Bills, or other Securities, for Payment of Money, or Warrants, or " Orders, for Payiueut of Money, or Delivery of " Goods :" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refitted, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of the Gentlemen named in the Commis- Westminster fion of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Court Home.

Jer, whole Barnes are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Tluut by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled," An Act for completing the Bridge " crofe the River Thames, from Blackfnjers, in the City " of London, to the opposite Side, in the County of " Surrey, and the Avenues thereto on the London " Side; for redeeming the Tolls on the said Bridge " and on London Bridge; for re-building the Gaol " of Newgale, in the said City; for repairing the " Royal Exchange within the same; for embank-" ing Part of the North Side of the said River,

" within certain Limits; and for further continuing,

" towards those Purposes, thelmpolitionofSixpen.ee

" }>er Chaldron or Ton of Coals and Culm imported " into the Port of the said City, established by an Act " of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King " William and Queen Mary, and also for carrying on " the new Payenjents in the City and Liberties of " Westminster, and Parillies adjacent, and in the Town " and Borough of Southwark j and for other Purposes " therein mentioned," the Sum of £. 156,000 was allowed to be borrowed, for the Purpose of carrying on several Public Works therein mentioned; and, in order toestablish a Fund for repaying such Sum, the Duty on Coals and Culm imported in, the Port of London were further continued to Michaelmas 1831; and that £. 50,000, Part of the before-mentioned Sum of £. 156,0,00, were, by the said last mentioned Act, directed to be applied in rebuilding the Gaol of

gate, and other Purposes relative thereto; and 20,000 were given to the Commissioners for pulling in execution the several Acts pallied for paving, cleansing, anti ligliting, the City and Liberty of and other

Places in the said Acts mentioned, to enable them to execute their Trust; and further setting forth, That it appears, by the Votes, that the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, have petitioned for Power to raise a further considerable Sum ' of Money upon the Credit of the Surplules lo.arise from the said Fund charged upon the Duties on Coals and Culm, to be applied in compleating the re-building of Newgate, building a Sessions-Houfiy and doing

other

Achurch

and LII ford Exchaoget, See.

Leckhampten

Jndofure*

Wyndham’s

N*OlC.

18 Geo. III.

othet Public Business, alledging, that the whole Debt Charged upon the said Coal Duties will nevertheless be paid oft’ long before the* Time allowed by the said Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty; and that, after the Appropriation of the Sum of 40,000 to the Uses prayed by the Petition of the iaki City of London (if the House lb all think proper to comply with the fame) there will Hill remain a considerableSui'plus arising out of the said Fund; and that a Bill is ordered to be, brought into the House, for erecting a Building for holding the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Westminster and that A Court House for the said City and Liberty will be a Building of a Public Nature, highly beneficial to the Inhabitants rtf the said City and Liberty; and that the most com ftderable Part of the said Duties on Coals arises from the Cortfumption of that Article within the said City and Liberty, and is consequently paid by the Inhabitants thereof: And therefore praying* That the Petitioners, and all other Persons named in the present, or to be named in any future, Commission of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Wepninster, may be empowered to raise, on the Credit of the lkfb-mentioned Surplus to arise out of the said Fund, after the Payment of the Monies already charged thereon, certain Strm of Money, for the Purpose of building' a new* Session House for the said City and Liberty, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall appear reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame* as it shall appear to them, to the House*:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Mr.

Wliiticorth, Stc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning; at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Pbwer to-fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.:

Sir William Wake reported from th^ Committee, to whom the Bill for effecting Exchanges between Thomas Powys, Esquire, and the Rector of the Parish Church of Achurch, with the Vicarage of Lilford -annexed; in the County of Northampton, and for taking down the Parish Church of Lilford aforesaid, was committed-; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the BiH, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, fO the Satisfaction of tlte Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and hiade several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report m ItiS Place; and- afterwards delivered the Bill* with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One fty One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House-.

Ordered, That the BiH, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows and Patlure, Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of hamftton, in the County of Gand several fmalT Parcels of the said Fields, which extend into the Parish Of Cheltenham, in the same County, was read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Guise, Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir William Guise reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling CkarlesWyndham, Esquire, (nrcrw called ' Voi. 36.

733

Charles Edtedn), arid his HeirS Male, to take And use

the Surname of Edtttin only. Was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fmneto be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: Anil he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Rtfolvrd, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir William Guise carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the l’arhe, without any Amendment.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Laud, in the Manor and Hamlet of Cow-Honey otherwi

Honeyborn, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second TimC.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chester, Sir William Gufe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open arid Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberties of Nopton upon the Hill, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Rtfoived-, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Skip-with, Mr. Chejlet, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A.Petition of Sir Theophilus Baronet, was

presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner is Lord of a Manor in the Parish of on the Hill

aforesaid, and also Owner of Lauds within the same Parish; and that Sir George baronet, is

Lord of another Manor within the same Parish; and, some Doubts and Disputes having arisen touching the Extent and Boundaries of the said Manors, the Petitioner, on a Proposal made to him for an Application to Parliament for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields there, did agree with the said Sir George Shuckburgh, that in order for the settling such Doubts and Disputes, the several Claims of the said Sir George Shuckburgh, and the Petitioner, relating to their said Manors, and the Extent and Boundaries thereof respectively, should be referred to the Examination and Determination of Francis Wheler, Esquire, and Mr. Thomas Harris; and that a Clause should be inserted iri such intended Bill, to confirm the Award of the said Referees; and therefore the Petitioner readily Conferited to join in such proposed Application to Parliament, and accordingly signed a Petition to Parliament; but now finds, that no Clause for the above Purpose is inserted in the Bill brought into the House; And that several Cfauses, very injurious to the Petitioner’s Interest, are inserted therein: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself or his Counsel, against the said Bill, and that it may not pass into A I aw as it now stands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to- the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Oi’dered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the feme Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open arid 9 A Common

2 40 Februa.

r

Honey born ladoiure.

Napton

ladoiure.

Ditto#

Shack burgh Inclosure.

734

24* Februarii. A. 1778.

Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, called , in

the County of Warzoiek, was read aSecond Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. zoith, Mr. Goddard, Stc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

AMerfgate Mr. yohnes. Junior, reported from the Committee, Paviag. whom the Petition of several Inhabitants and Owners of Eliates in and near1 the High Street or Road leading from Aldersgate Bars, in the Parish of Saint Botolph,

without Aldersgate, London, to the Turnpike near the

End of Goswell Street, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. George Wyatt, a Surveyor, being examined, said, That the Pavement of the Street or Road from Aldersgate Bars to the Turnpike, near the End of Goswell Street, is in a ruinous Condition, and very dangerous to Passengers; and that he finds the Expence of paving it will be £.6,000, including the old Materials, and allowing for Incidents. Then,

Mr. George Dale, being examined, said. That the said Street has been much deserted since the other Avenues to London have been improved, and the Trade there greatly decayed in consequence thereof;, that of Five Inns, there are Three shut up, on Account of the Badness of the Passage through the Street, and the Rents are much reduced; that if the said Street was properly paved, it would be of great public Utility; but the Inhabitants are not able to do it of themselves.

Mr. Peter Clugh and Mr. James confirmed

the Evidence of Mr. Dale.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred.

Kegwjrth A Petition of the Mailer, Fellows, and Scholars, of

Inclosufc. Chrifi’s College, in the University of Cambridge, Patrons of the Rectory of Kegworth, in the County of Leicester (connectedly with the Right honourable Frederick -gustus Earl of Berkeley, under certain Restrictions) was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Bill is depending, for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Open Meadows, Common Pallures, and Common Grounds, within the said Parish of Kegworth,

wherein an Allotment is directed to be made to the Rector of the said Parish, in lieu of all Tythes, both Great and Small; and that the Petitioners apprehend the said Rector ought to receive a greater Proportion of the Lands to be inclosed, in lieu of his Tythes, than is directed to be made to him by the said - Bill: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill as it is now drawn, and have such Relief as to the House shall appear just and equitable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Open Meadows, Common Pastures, and Common Grounds, within the Parish of Kegworth, in the County of Leicester, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Coua-mittee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at, the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voiced who come to the Committee, to whom th,e said Bill is committed. '

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Bitch« Road from the Birdies Brook to , and

from thence, through the Parishes of Buildwas, leigjilon, Roa<j,

Eaton Conf online, awl iProxeter, to join the JVatling Street Turnpike Road, at Tern Bridge, in the County of Salop, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Birches Brook to Buildwas Brid from thence to join the Walling Street Turnpike Road, at Tern Bridge, in the County of Salop.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwyndo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A BUI for making, proper Drains and Sewers, lor the J

Purpose of carrying off the Water from the Prebendal Hjaa"el1 Estate of Halliwelland Finsbury, in the Suburbs of the Finflmty

City of London, and so'r other Purposes therein men- Sewers, tioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Alderman Oliver, Sir Herbert Mackieorth, &c.: Arid they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the.

Speaker’s Chamber,

A Bill for more cffe&pally amending, widening, and Taunton keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the R'oads* Town of Taunton, in the County of Somersetand for repealing Two Act?, One of the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty, and the other of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, relating to the said Roads; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads through the said Town of Taunton, and front Handy Cross to Hartrow Gate, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Phe-lips, Mr. Goddard, &c,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

A Bill for dividing and allotting certain Open and O°bom Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Lands or St* An iren Grounds, in the Ty thing of Ogborn S Andrew, in- ^llcloluie' the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Goddard, Mr. Phelips, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five, of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. . - '

' A Bill for naturalizing Antoine Bazin, was read a Second Time, .

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elwes, Mr. Tozonjhend, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. „

Bazin’*

Nat.

Mr. Knightley reported from the Committee, to Hham whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Inciofore. and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Ijin the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders oft lie House, of the25thof4/)n7i 774, relative to the Bills ofln-closure, had been complied with; and that the Commitlee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confeul to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com- ,

.mittee (except the Proprietors of 46 Acres, Part of the said Common and Open Field.*:, and the Proprietor of

One

Erefhartt

to

Alcester

Road.

BViflington

Inclouire.

rf’f SmaKt

House.

Penrith

Road.

t8 Geo. lit. 24° Februarh.

One OottAge Common, who did not sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands and Grounds in the said Common and Open Fields contain 1,391 Acres, or thereabouts, and the Number of Cottage Commons is *]; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and af-tdtwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were On*e read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for repealing certain Parts ,of Three several Acts of Parliament, of the First, the Seventeenth, and the Thirtieth, Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, made for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Borough of in the County of Worcester s and for repairing and widening the Road from Evesham Bridge, in the said Borough, to the Globe Inn in , in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Comoay, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common or Waste Ground, called Brijlington, otherwise Bufsleton Common, i n the Parish of Brijlington otherwise Bufsleton, in the County of Somerset, was read the

Third Time.

Refdved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common or Waste Ground, called Brijlington otherwise Common, in the Parish of Brijlington otherwise Bufsleton, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Combe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gascoynepresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill to enable the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond to establitli and maintain a Light House on the Rocks called The Smalls, in Saint George's Channel: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir James Lowther reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign- of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Penrith,

" in the County of Cumberland, by Hutton Hall, over " Skelton and Cajile Sowerby Pastures, and Sebraham

", Bridge, to Chalkbeck, in the said County; and also the

" Road which branches and separates from the same " Road upon Cq/Ue Sowerby Pafure aforesaid, and leads ". from thence through Hejke otherwise New-

" jnarket, to Calbeck, in the said County," whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is ps followeth} viz. . -

; Voi.. 36.

To prove the Allegations. of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. James Robinson, being examinedj said. That the

Tnlftees have proceeded to- put the said Act in execution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit thereof, great Part of which now remains due, and cannot be paid off, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued; and lbme Amendments made thereto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and amending an Act, made in the Twerity-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road leadingfroih the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, by Hutton Hall, over Skelton and Castle Sowerby Pajiures, and Sebraham Bridge, td Chalk Beck, in the said County; and also the Road Which branches and separates from the same Road upon Cajile Sozcerby Paf ure aforesaid, and leads from theuee through Hijlcet otherwise Hejket Newmarket, to Cald-beck, in the said County: And that Sir James Lowther, Mr. Serjeant Adair, and Mr. Gowland, do prepare,'and bring in, the fame.

A Petition Of several of the principal Inhabitants the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of sex, was presented to, the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed. Application is nnking from the City of London, to be enabled to make a Street for Carriages from M opposite Street, towards the East into Bishopsgate Street, and from the End of Chiswell Street, Westward, into Barbican; and representing to the House, that it would be of great additional public Benefit, to have a Street commodious for Carriages made to extend from Crijpiit Street, opposite the F id of Patemqfter Row, near rfields Church, into Bishopsgate Street, to meet the Opening intended by the said City of London to be made into the said last mentioned Street from , and

that the Street, meant to be made by the Petitioners, will be a Means of opening an easy Communication for Carriages between Moorfields and the Great Road called Whitechapel High Street: And therefore praying, That the Means and Powers which shall be given to the City of London, to make the Opening described in their Petition, may be extended to the Petitioners, to enable them to make and pave the before-mentioned 9treet, from Paternoster Roxcto Bishopsgat

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, is.referred: And that they do "examine the'Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring ill a Bill for the Payment of Costs to Parties, on Complajnts determined before Justices of the Peace out of Sessions; for, the Payment of the Charges of Constables, in certain Cafes; and for the more effectual Payment of Charges to Witnesses and Prosecutors of any Larceny, or other Felony: And that Mr. Charles Mellish, Mr. Morion, and Mr. Elwes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, Reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had direi ied him to report to the.House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for

One

T ondon;

Petit? ns for miking cerrai: new Streets.

Costs to Witnesses, &c.

Ways and Means.

73*5 24° — 2 5°

One Year, beginning the a5th Day of March 1778, be defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax granted for the Service of the Year 1778.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was; upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Sir Charles and Sir

Grey Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, that they do make ProvisionJherein, for filling up Vacancies which shall happen in the Militia, either before or after Inrollment, from Infirmity or any other Cause.

Febrmrii. A. 1778.

Britain, concerning the LxerciCe of the Right of im* posing Taxes within His Majesty’sColonies, Provinces; and Plantations, in North America.

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney have Leave to make a

Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly; and.

An ingross’ed Bill to enable His Majesty to’license a Theatre in the Ciity of Brij was read the Third Time. o

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable His Majesty to license a Theatre in the City of Bristol.

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their. Concurrence.

Massachuset’*

Bay

Government.

Motion

for

Repeal of American Duty Bill.

Commissioners for restoring

Peace in America.

American

Declaratory

Bill.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better regulating the Government of the Province of the Bay,

in New England," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act: And that Mr. Powys, Mr. pAt-Poimall, Sir George Savile, Mr. Frederick Montagu,

Colonel Barre, Sir George Y, Mr. Burke, Mr. mas Toionjhend, Mr. Byng, Mr. Dunning, Mr. Hartley, Mr. Serjeant Adair, Mr. Pop ham, Mr. Baker, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Fox, and the Marquis of Granby,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting certain Duties in the " British Colonies and Plantations in America; for allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Customs upon " the Exportation from this Kingdom of Coffee and " Co.coa Nuts of the Produce of the said Colonies or " Plantations; for discontinuing the Drawbacks payable on China Earthen Ware exported to " and for more effectually preventing, the clandestine " running of Goods in the said Colonies and Plantations," might be read;

And the fanfie was read accordingly.

And a Motion, being made, and the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of the said Act as imposes a Duty on Tea imported from Great Britain, into any Province or Colony in America;

Ordered, That the other Orders of the Day be now read.

Arid the Order of the Day being accordingly read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to enable His Majesty to appoint Commissioners, with sufficient Powers, to treat, consult, and agree, upon the Means of quieting the Disorders now subsisting in certain of the Colonies, Plantations, and Provinces, of North America-,.

The-.House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gascoyne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refutned the Chair.

Mr. Gascoyne reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

And the House having continued to fit till after Two of the Clock on Wednesday Morning;

Ordered That the Report be received this Day.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Rcjohed, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for declaring the Intentions of the Parliament of Great

And then the House adjourned till this Day, Twelve of the Clock.

Mercurii, 25* die Fcbruistrtf\

Anno i8* Georgii III'11 Regis^ 1778.

PUS YE Its.

AN mgrossed Bill foy dividing and inclosing thd Commons and Waste Grounds within the Mmnbr* of Clifton upon Calder, in the West Riding of the County of York, Was rCad the Third Tube.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commonsr and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Clifton upon Calder, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, Thlu Sir John carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for effecting Exchanges between Thomas Powys, Esquire, and the Rector of the Parish Church of Achurch, witH t tie Vicarage of Liljbrd an-

nexed, in the County of Northampton, and for taking down the Parish Church o ( L aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the BiHdo pass: And tbaftheTitle be, An Act for taking down the Parish Church of ford, being a Vicarage united to the Rectory of Actu&Ch, in the County of Northampton, and for repairing tffe Parish Church of Achurch aforesaid; and for other Puf-poses therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir William Wake do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor in the County of Buckingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tifle be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and' Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common PUftures,' Commonable I^ands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Mauor of IIitch am, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Hopkins do carry the' Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of sevend Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Estates, in an Avenue called Dirty Lane, and Brick Lane, in the Parishes of Whitechapel and Church, Spitalfields, in the County of was prefeiited

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Application is making to Parliament, for a Bill to widen the said Avenue called Dirty Lane, and Part of Brick Lane:

10 and

Bristol

Theatre

Clifton

upon

Calder

Inclolvc,

Achurch

and

Lilford

Exchange*,

&c.

Hitcham

Inclosure.

Dirty Lane, in

Wh-itcchaptlj

Paving.

18 Geo. ill. 25° Pebfitam. *f$f

and that the Petitioners apprehend it is necessary, that Provision should be made, in the said' Bill, for paving, the said Places when widened, and for maintaining such Pavement in future: And therefore praying. That Provisionmay be made for such Purposes, under such Regulations as the Houseshall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it. shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Hayley, Mir. Alderman Oliver, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons* Papers, and Records. '

iirty Lane \ Pet i t ion of Several O whets and OcciipietsofHoufoa

Whitechapel and other Estates, in Dirty L and in the

Paving. Parishes of Whitechapel, and Church Spitalfields, in the County of Middlesex, and of several Inhabitants of the said Lanes, and of other Parts of the said Pa-rifliesj was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth-, That the Petitioners observe, that Application is making to Parliament, from the City of London, for Power to Open a new Street for Carriages from MooP-Jields into Bishopsgate Street; and the Petitioners are informed, that Application is likewise making, to continue such Opening from Bishopsgate Street to Church; and that, if the said Lane called Dirty Lane, and such Part of Brick Lake as Jeads from Dirty Lane to Church Street Spitalfields, is widened, a commodi* s and very useful Line of Communication will then completed; from the Great Road called The High Street Whitechapel, near the Church, to Spitalfields Church, and from thence to Moorfields; and that the Petitioners are satisfied, that such Communication will beof the greatest public Utility: And therefore praying; That the same Means w'hich the City of London shall be furnished with, for opening the Street described in their Petition, may be extended to widening Lane, and the said Part of Brick Lane, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, ns it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Pi ay ley, Mr. Alderman Oliver, &c.: And they are to meet To-mor-ftnv Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers; and Records.

Whitechapel A Petition of Several of the Inhabitants of the Road Paving., tailed Whitechapel Roa, in the Parish of Saint Mary Matfelon, otherwise , in the County of

Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Petition hath been presented, for a Bill to pave Part of the Foot Paths by the Sides of the said Road; and that it would be of great Advantage to the Petitioners, and to the Public, if Provision w&s made therein, to remove from and prevent in future any Obstrnctions and Annoyances on the said Foot Paths, or on the Sides thereof, or in the Road adjoining thereto, by Polls, Penthouses, Filth, Rubbish, and otherwise, and to regulate the placing of Lamps on the Sides of the said Hoad: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the ^Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Hayley, Mr. Alderman Oliver, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s ’ VOL. 36.

Chamber.; and have Power to fendfor Persons, Papers, and Records;

Sir John Palmer reported from the Committee, to Cattle whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Domogioa Fields, Meadows, and Common Pastures, within the 196 <"urt* Lordlliip or Parish of Castle Doningtoh, in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties Concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 69 Acres and 20 Perches in the Field Lands, of 30J Acres in the Common Pastures, and of 14 Acres and 25 Perches in the Meadows; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed, confills of 1,417 Acres, 1 Rood, and 23 Perches of Field Land; 706^ Acres of Pasture Land, and 318 Acres, 3 Roods, and 38 Perches of Meadow Land; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill; with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time; One by One; and; upon the Question severally put thereupon* were agreed to by the House: '

Ordered, That the Bill; with the Amendments* be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Undersubscribers, Freeholders, Justi- Stirling ces of Peace, Commissioners of Supply, and Heretors, Highway*; in the County of Stirling, mid Burgesses and Inhabitants of the Burgh of Stirling, was presented to the House* and read; Setting forth, That a Petition has been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making certain Alterations in the Law with regard to Highways and Bridges in Stirlingshire, signed by Persons styling themselves Proprietors in the said County, and that the Petitioners, who have very considerable Property there, have had no proper Intimation of the Purport Of the Petition, nor the Intention of the Petitioners; and they have Reason to suspect that certain Alterations may be proposed of the Law, which may not be equally advantageous or convenient for all the different Parts of ttfe said County, which, from the Divferfity of Circunl-stances attending their Situation,'would be laid under Very great Disadvantages by any Innovation, unless very particular Attention Was paid to, and Cbnsideration had of, them severally; and that it is hardly to be expected this will be the Consequence of a partial Application from a fmbli Number of the many Persons deeply interested in the Welfare of the said extensive Country; and therefore the Petitioners hope, that the House will not allow any farther Proceedings to be had upon the said Application, until such Time as the Petitioners have an Opportunity to be heard, by their Counsel, at . the Bar, on such Objections'as may occur* either against any Innovation whatever of the Law as it now stands, or to the particular Alterations which may be proposed by theintended Bill: And therefore praying the House;

' to allow the Petitioners to be heard* by their Counsel, why the said intended Bill should not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie tipon the Table* until the Bill for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Stirling, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at' the same Time, ia Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

9 B Ordered,

(Talley

Comer

Road*

Chester

Navigation.

Highworth

Inclosure.

OnimbaUU k Alb,

Ire.

Small Dtbp,

250 Februarii. 1778.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow three Weeks, the 19th Day of March next.

An ingrafted Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three Acts, of the Third and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner, adjoining to Enfield Chafe, in the Parish of South Mims, in the County of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill, in the County of Hertford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three Acts, of the Third and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Galley Comer, adjoining to Enfield Chafe, in die Parish of South Mims, in the County of Middlesex, XxyLemsford MiU, in the County of Hertford.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumer do carry the BiH to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Samuel Egerton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectually carrying into execution the Powers contained iu Two several Acts of Parliament, the one made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for. making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the <$ity of Chester, to or near Middlewich and Nantwich, in the County of and the

other made in the Seventeenth Year of His said Majesty’s Reign, for varying and enlarging the Powers Of the said former Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Goddard reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Highworth, in the County of was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegation* of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except one Person, whose Property in the said Common Fields is 19 Acres and 15 Perches, and in the Common Meadows 14 Acres, 2 Roods, and 36 Perches,

who refilled to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Common Fields, intended to be inclosed, conftfts of 2,287 Acres, or thereabouts; and the Whole of the Common Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, amounts to 964 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereuntoj which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made by he House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled.

A Petition of Jacob Earl of Radnor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner is Lord of the Hundred of PuckUchurch, in

in the County of Gloucester, and as such entitled to hold a Court of Pleas, every Three Weeks, in all Personal Actions arising within the said Hundred for Debt or Damages under Forty Shillings, which Court the Petitioner, his Ancellors and Predecessors, Lords of the said Hundred, have constantly, or as often as was requisite, to the present Time, actually held; and that the Petitioner observes, by the Votes, that an Application has been made, for a Bill to establish a new Court, of similar Form, Power, and Jurisdiction, in certain Parts of the said County, including the said Hundred; and that the Petitioner has never heard or received, and believes there is not, any Complaint of any Proceeding in his said Court; and therefore presumes to think, that the Establishment of a new Court of Pleas in the said District would be an unnecessary and unjust Infringement upon his private Right and Property; And therefore praying the House, That, if they shall lie pleased to order in a Bill to establish a Court, in Compliance with the said Application, such Court may have no Jurisdiction within the said Hundred of Packlechurch.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, Farmers, and other principal Inhabitants, residing within the Hundreds of Grumbalds Ash and Pucklechurch, and in the several Parishes, Precincts, and Hamlets, of Marfiifield, Iron A don, Raingworthy, Yale Bitton, Doynton, Frampton CottereU., Hanham, Oldland, and in the County of Gloucester, and in the several Parishes of Bathford, Batheafion, Cat/terine, and Swavfioicke, in the County of Somerset, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Gloucester Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for en- to larging the Terms and Powers of several Acts passed for amending the Road from Gloucester to Stone, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, so far as the same relates to the Road from the City of Gloucester, to -the Town of Stroud in the County of Gloucester; and for granting other Powers for amending the said Road,

.was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Guise, Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee, to Cornwall whom the Bill for building an additional Gaol, and Gaol, also a Prison and House of Correction, within the County of Cornwall, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Nesbitt reported from the Committee, to whom Rye the Petition of several of the Commissioners, appointed Harbour, to put in execution the different Acts relative to the Harbour of Rye, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report

in

18 Geo. III. 250 Februarii. 739

in his Place; and aflk awards delivered it in at the QerkTs Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegati ons of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Four Ah Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing One Moiety " of the Duties, granted by an Act of the Eleventh " and Twelfth Year of I ving William the Third, for " the Repair of Dover Hi U'bour, and which have been,

" by several other Acts, continued till the 12th Day " of May 1765; and for applying the same to com- pie ting and keeping in 1 lepair the Harbour of Rye,

" in the County of Su.ff and for more effectually <c completing and keeping: in Repair the said Harbour," was read: And,

Mr. William Green, an E ngineer, being examined, laid. That the Works directed to be done by the said Act have been in a great Decree performed; but that the same cannot be carried oa. without a Hill further Expence. Then,

Mr John Jekins, Clerk and Treasurer to the said Works, informed your Comma it tee. That the Commissioners, in performing their 1 rafts, have contraSed a considerable Debt, which cam lot be paid off, nor the Works ftnished, unless the Du ties are continued for a further Term of Years.

Ordered, That Leave be grte n to bring in a Bill for further continuing so much of certain Duties as have, by several Acts of Parliament, been granted and continued, for repairing and mainta, ir ling the Harbours of Dover and Rye, as are applicable to completing and keeping in Repair the said Haxt'our of Rye, in the County of Sussex: And that Mr. Mr. Wolfran

Cormoall, and Mr. Nedham, do prt pare, and bring in,

the fame.

rxw , Sir Charles Whitworth reported fre 'in the Committee,

Street*. wilom the Petition of James Hch. nmond and Henry

RvffiU, Two of the Freemen of the Town of , In the County of Kent, on Behalf 01c themselves, and all other the Freemen and Inhabita nts of the same Town; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty, and other Inhabitan ts, of the Town of Dover, in the County of Kent, wei e severally referred; That the Committee had examin «ed the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report ( the fame, as it appeared to them, to tho House; and

he read the Report in his Place ;.and aft erwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where tl ie same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Pet itions, Mr. William King, being examined, said. That he knows the Town of Dover;that the Streets, L anes, and other Places in the said Town, are very ill paved, and not sufficiently cleansed; and that there are many Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachment. therein; and that he apprehends, that if the said Stree ts. Lanes, and other Places, within the said Town, were new paved and properly cleansed, and the Nuifamces, Annoyances, and Encroachments therein were removed, and prevented in future, the same would be of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better paving and cleansing the Streets a nd Lanes within the Town of Dover, in the County of Kent, and in the several Parishes of Mary the Virgin and Saint James (he Apostle, in the said 'Town and County, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Henniker, and Mr. , d.o prepare

and bring in, the fame.

Bnybrooke Mr. Knightley reported from the Committee, to bttkuurc. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Opeu and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Vox., 36.

Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Bray-brooke, in the County at Northampton, was committed)

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that' the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bilbrp the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that thp Cfommittee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where . the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment#, be ingrossed.

Mr- Hopkins reported from the Committee, to whom Wmtodt the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, Ko»d»» made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads lead- ing from the Market House, in the Town of Much Wenlock, in the County of Salop, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Gleeton Hill to Crefsage, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s-Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout) and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

v

A Petition of the Reverend Anf Jones, Rector of Namttoit the Parish of Naunton, in the County of Gloucester, Indofins, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Hills, Downs, Pastures, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Naunton, in the County of Gloucester; and setting forth, That the Petitioner, as Rettor, has great Objections to the said Bill as it is now drawn, being convinced that the Inclosure, and exonerating the old Inclosures from Tythes, as intended by the Bill, instead of being an Advantage to the Rettory, as the Petitioner presumes it ought to be, will very materially injure it: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself or Counsel, against the said Bill, or such Parts thereof as may affect the said Rettory, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Times

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and

Mr. Angui/h:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Highpta Att tQ enlarge the Term and Powers of several Atts, «> for repairing the Road from Highgate Ga/e-house, in the County of Middlesex, to Barnet in the County of Hertford; and the Road from the Bear Inn, in Hadley, to the Angel in Enfield Chace; and also Cane-wood Lane, leading from Highgate to in the

laid

V

m

’a >,

ed byA^Jrvjr

Stokenchtirch

HiU,

&c.

Roads.

North

Dalton

Inclosure.

Loog

Whatton

Inclosure.

Tbwceffer tliro* Silver (Ion Road.

Wigtown

Roads

and

Bridges*

Bazin’s

Nat.

Pnmework'

knitters;

Regulation of

their Wages

740 $5* Februarii. A. 1778.

faSd County of Middlesex ? and the Road beginning‘at Barnet Block-house, and ending at the Bear Ihn ill Had1-/dT/ aforesaid; without any Amendment ? Afidolfo,

The Lords hare'agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and wideriing the Road from -thatch, in the1 County of Oxford, to Wheatley,

add'from the find Bridge’to Enflow , and from

Wheatley Bridge, to the AfUeutay, leading towards Mag-

dakn Bridgerarid from the! Mileioay leading from Saint Giles's Church, neat ?the Gityof Oxford, by Begbroke^ to Nfoui' Wobdstock, in the said County; without any

Amendment: And-also,

; The- Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing1 and inclosing several Open Fields and -Stinted Failures, or Waste Grounds, in the Manor of Worth Dalton; in ‘the East Riding of the County of

York; without any Amendment: And also,

'The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing* the Open Fields,-and Gwfimo'rt or Waste Land; in the Lordship of Long Whatton, in the County of Leicester without any Amendment: And also*

The Lords 'have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act -to enlarge the Term of an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Yfear of his ldte Majesty King George the Second,'for repairing and "Widening the Road from Towcester, thr6Ug\\SilverfonandBrackley, in the County of Northamptbn, and Ardley, and Middleton Stoney, to WestonGate, in the Parish of Weston on the Green, in the County of Oxford;without any Amendment s And

also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Wigtonn; without any Amendment*

Ana then the Messengets withdrew.

Mr. fte reported from the Committee, to whom the' Bill for naturalizing Antoine Batin, was committed; iThat the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,'arid found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: and he delivered 'the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr.1 Coke of Derby reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Framework-knitters, whose Names are thereunto set, on Behalf of themselves and ith* Framework-knitters residing in the City of Loiidon, the Town and County of the Town of,

-.and in the several Counties of Nottingham, Middlesex, Surrey, Leicester, Derby, Northampton, and,

! was! referred; That the Committee had examined the -Matter of the said Petition; and had' directed him to . report the fitme, as it appeared ’to them, to the House; andhe read the Report in his Place; and - afterwards delivered it in at the- Clerk’s Table iWhere th^ fatrie was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of tihesaid Petition,- Mr. r William llallam, being examined -flud, That he is a Framework-knitter, and lives at That

he served his Apprenticeship to the Business, and has theen in it Four or Five and Twenty Years — That1 the Workmen in the Trade, in general, cannot earn more than 4-J. 6d. a Week in coarse altered worlled Work, clear of all Deductions — That the Workman’s Wages for a Pair of eoarfe altered worsted Hose is 7 — That Twelve Pair of such Hose is a Week’s Work for a good Workman, out of which he is obliged ,to phy gd. a Week for the Frame, 3 d. a Week standing Room, \d.a Week 'for Needles, zd. or 3 d. a Week for pulling the Worded out of the Slips ready for Work, about 5 a Week for Fire aim - Candles, Fire and Candle being necessary for the’ Biifi-neis; about 7 d. a Dozen Seaming; all which is paid out of the Workman’s Wages — That a Lad, between

*7

the Age of 16 and 20, can do it as' well as others, if he has served his Apprenticeship, or in the Three or Four latter Years of his Time — That there are many Hundreds of People conliantly employed — That People who are femployed in the Silk Manufacture are seldom employed in the other — That this Work is chiefly Carried on in the Towns and Counties of tingham, Leicester, and Derby — That there are many Women and Girls who work at this Business, feme of Which are good Hands* and can earn as much as Men — That he never knew a Woman capable of rtiaking Twelve Pair in a Week* but in general they make 7 or 8 — That an indifferent Workman can do the same — That he does not work at this himself, but works the Silk Work when he does work — That in working at coarse Work, there was a better Price given Twenty Years ago than there is now — That the Goods are as well-made now as they were then for the Money — That he never worked'at lets Wages, but some Mailers give only 6%d. now — That the former Prices were from 7 \d.to 8 d. — That apparently there was as much -Work done then as-now, but cannot lpeak positively — That there is Us much Employment as ufdd to be-s — That if a Man takes a Lodging, he pays for his Frame equally the same as when he lodges with his Mailer — That all the Mailer’s Profit is 3 — That 'Women moltly work in Shops, and pay the same for the Frame — That there are different Prices between -flue and coarse — That if the Frame is the Mailer’s the Workmen pay the same; but if worked in his own Lodgings* he saves only 3 a Week — That many Hundreds are employed in this Work — That on fine worlled Hose some People give 16 d. and some a Pair — That there is a different Kind of Worsted made of long Heels and narrowed Clocks, for which some give 8 d.qdi and 10 d.a Pair — That Women have the same Price, and the same Deductions — That very ’good Workmen Cannot make above Nine or Ten Pair in a Week, but in general about Nine Pair — That 1 some Men can brake rather more by this than the coarse*' and others hot so much — That the Frame in fine Work -is is. a Week — That there are common altered 23 Gauge Silk Hofo — That a Gauge is as many Jacks as Three Inches — That they are made for zs. 6d. a Pair — That a good Workman can make Five Pair a Week- — That many Men cannot make more than Three; but, in general, Four upon an Average — -That he can make no more than Five Pair k Week 'himself, nor never knew a Man who could make Eight — That many work from Five in the Morning till' Ten at Night; but* upon an Average, they work i the Winter from Six in the Morning till Ten at Night* and, in the Summer* till it is dark — That a man mull work.that Time who earns what he has Hated* allowing Time for his Meals, and other Hindrances, which :must occur in carrying on his Business — That he never knew these bear a better Price than they do- now — > That the fnaall worsted Stockings are deemed the worst Work, and, in general, it is done by Apprentice Boys and Girls — That some are made as low as 3 s. a Dozen* -and some &.t; — 'That some Boys, who are Paupers, are put to this Work at the Age of Ten or Eleven, but they- make- bad AVork of it — That the Work affects the Nerves very much — That a Boy* about Twelve Years of Age, can make Ten or Eleven Pair-in a Week — That their Talk is to earn 6r. Week, from whence there are the same Deductions nearly, upon an Average, with the others — That the Masters of these Boys make them work till F.leven or Twelve o’Clock at Night to finish their Talks — That Journeymen are obliged to loie Half a Day in a Week attending the Warehouses, which Boys do not — That ' no Allowance is given for attending the Warehouse — That the Deductions out of the 23 Gauge Silk Hose are is. Frame Rent, Standing 3 5 Fire and

Candle, 4 d.Needles, is. 10 Sizing, . '3d.

Winding,

If

18 Geo. III. 250 Februarii. 741

Winding, 8 \d.Seaming — That Matter Stockingers are allowed i o d.for taking them into the Warehouse, and for getting the Silk wound — That, after these Deductions, the Workman has 6s. a Week net Profit — That Journeymen’s Wages are 19 d.a Pair; some Matters give 20 d. — That there are the same Deductions, all but Sizing, Winding, and Seaming — That the Deductions upon Five Pair are about 2s. 6d. — That a Workman in general can make Three Pair of 28 Gauge in a Week — That Journeymen’s Wages are 4s. a Pair making — That the Deductions are about 2 or 2 s.3 d.the Three Pair — That this is reckoned the most profitable Part of the Business — That J ourneymen’s Wages for 24 Gauge is 2 3 a Pair — That Four

Pair is a Week’s Work — That the Deductions are as above — That the Prices of these have not altered lately — That it is real Necessity has drove the Journeymen to this Application, but no ill Will to the Masters — That this Work is for Exportation and Home Consumption, a great Quantity of both — That Complaints were made Twenty Years ago to the Matters, but they would not alter the Price — That the Matters oblige the Workmen to make 24 Gauge as good as 26, which reduces the Maker’s Profit — That the Journeymen wish to have their Wages raised about id. in is. in Worsted, Thread, and Cotton, and about

id. or 1 \d. in Silk — That there are some Articles in which they don’t expect any Thing Advance — That a Man cannot maintain himself and Family with the present Prices — That all they wish for will not amount to more than is. (id. or is. a Week, and they would be very well contented with that Advance — That they don’t desire any Advance upon figured Work, that is to say, Lappet* and Ruffles, Mr. s Patent, or

Lace.

Your Committee then called Mr. William;

who being examined, said, That he was a Framework-knitter at Leicester, and is acquainted with some Branches

of the Worsted Mit and Glove Business — That they make them by the Dozen — That the medium Price is about 4$. or 5 s.a Dozen — That a middling Workman can make Two Dozen, at 4*. a Dozen — That the Outgoings are, for the Frame is. a Week, 8 a Week Seaming, 6d. a Week Fire and Candle, upon an Average, all the Year round, Needles about id. a Week, Winding about id. a. Week — That, in general, in this Article the Workmen have 5.s'. 6d. a Week clear to maintain themselves and Family — That, in some Articles, the Workman’s Profit is more, but less in more than it is greater — That very few Women can Work at this Business — That Children begin to work at this about the Age of Eleven, but mutt work Three or Four Years before they are Proficients — That no Profit arises from them for Two or Three Years — That they earn 5 s.6d. a Week — That some Children work Overwork for themselves, and that sometimes the Matters take some of it from them — That the clear Profit to the Matter is 4.s'. — That the Matters find them in Clothes, but when they take full Task, they find themselves in Clothes — That this Work does not require bodily Strength — That Women very seldom work, but those who do work make nearly as much as Men — That the Work lies upon the Eye, and the Activity of the Fingers — That he never remembers the Wages ever being lower than they are now — That they were higher about Ten or Twelve Years ago — That they were above One-third better in some Articles than others — That it has been gradually declining since the Year 1756 or 1757 — That he remembers the Time when lie could get One-third more than he can now — That lie believes in general they are made for Exportation and Home Consumption — That a Man who earns 5s. 6d. a Week, mutt work Fifteen Hours in the Day — That the Day he goes to fetch the Work in, he cannot get so much — That this Application to Parliament was not made on Account of any Quarrel betw een the Matters VoL. 36.

and the Journeymen, but the Difficulty of subsisting Framework- — That the Number of Manufactures in Mits and knatm; Gloves decrease every Day. tSrW««.

Mr. William llallam, being again examined, said.

That he has been employed in making Silk Mits —

That he had a great Trade for about Seven Years —

That they reckon them by the Pair — That Journeymen’s Wages are about 13 or i\d. a Pair, the middling Sort — That they can make Seven Pair a Week — That they pay out of that is. a Week for Frame Rent, 3a.

Standing, 3 d.Needles, 6d. Fire and Candle — That a Man mutt work Fifteen or Sixteen Hours in a Day, for Five Days, to earn this — That they cannot work One Half Day in a Week, on Account of putting the Goods into the Warehouse — That Women can earn nearly as much as Men — That Apprentices are put to this about the Age of Eleven or Twelve — That when they have served about Four Years, they can do as much as Men — That a good Workman can make Three Gloves in a Day, if he works an Hour extraordinary — That the worst Sort of Workmen cannot make more than One Pair a Day — That the clear Profit of One Pair a Day is about 5 s.6d. a Week — That the Glove and Mit Trade has decreased lately, that is since Mr. Morris's Patent has been in Fashion, and since the Troubles ip America — That the Glove Trade is a good deal for Exportation — That the Wagesare lower now than they were formerly, but that some Matters, who are ho nett, keep up the IPrice, but others do not.

Your Committee then called Mr George Ferguson who being examined said. That he was a Framework-knitter in London — That 14c!. a Pair is the bell Price given for 23 common altered Worsted Hose, but that some give only is. — That Nine Pair is the most that can be made in a Week — That a very indifferent Workman cannot make above Seven — That the Out goings of 14 d.the Pair are, for Frame Rent is. a Week, work or play, Needles ad. Fire and Candle upon an Average, about 4£d. — That they cannot work without a Fire to cast their Needles — That he never knew any Women work at this in London — That the Outgoings are in Winter 3s. 3 d.but in the Summer they are not so much by nd. — That there are more Framework-knitters in London, in the coarse Work than in the fine — That he has been in the Trade 26 Years —

That he left the Worsted Work Fifteen Years pgo —

That he is now employed in the Silk — That the bell Silk Hose is 28 Gauge — That the Price is 4s. a Pair —

That they can make Three Pair and an Half in a Week, in general, and some, that are very ready, can make Four Pair — That the Outgoings are, for Frame Rent is. Needles 5id. Fire and Candle fthd. upon an Average, all the Year round — That the Workman has 13.?. a Week clear, if he makes Pair — That an indifferent Workman cannot make above Three Pair in a Week — That Women do not work in London — That Boys are put to this Work about the Age of Fourteen — That the Workmen have had no Quarrel with the Matters, only Provisions are so dear they cannot live — That they reckon there is an Abatement in their Work — That they are obliged to make 24 Gauge Work off of 28 Gauge Frames, and that it is nearly as much Trouble as making 28 — That he has been served so himself by Mr. Kemp, who was his Mailer — That they are obliged to work very hard for Fourteen Hours in a Day — That he always worked in London — That hardly any Gloves or Mits are made in — That

they have less for the Work in the Country than in Town — That the 26 Gauge is 3s. 3d. a Pair — That a Man can make Four Pair in a Week — That he might by working over Hours make Five Pair in a Week —

That he might have made a Pair a Day, by working Sixteen Hours to oblige his Matter — That there are some 30 Gauge l lose made — That he has seen them made in his Shop, but it is very leklom a Man has such a Pair to make — That he never saw any made off a 28 9 C Gaug$

Framework-

knitters; ft emulation c their Wages.

25° Februarii.

A. 1778.

Gauge Frame — That they are 4 a Pair — That he apprehends Trade has been declining lately, and imagines it is on Account of the Troubles in —

That he has as much Work as he can do, and knows nobody that wants Employment — That he does not know any new Stocking Frames are made, but when they want repairing the Master pays for it.

Your Committee then called Mr. Richard Mar/Ir, who being examined, said, That he was a Holier at Temple Bar — That he knows the Wages Journeymen have both in Town and Country — That he employs both — That he is well acquainted with the Degrees of Wages — That he does not think the present Prices either in Town or Country are sufficient to maintain them and their Families — That his Opinion is grounded upon the Dearness of Provisions, and the unjult Measures of the Mailers; but very few use l'uch unjust Measures — That he knows several of the Mailers of London, who employ Journeymen, and let out more Frames to them than they have Employment for, for the Sake of the Frame Rent — That many Days they stund Hill for want of Stuff, even those who rent the Frames — That he has Six Frames in his own House, all of which are let — That Five out of Six Hands have worked with him from Three to Twelve Years — That he thinks the present Frame Rent, though he gets by it, is too much by 6 a Week — That he has Men who wo»k wi4h him from Monday Morning to Saturday Night, and only get from 9 to :q.v. according to the Swiftness of their Hands — That the Outgoings are, for Fi ame Rent is. a Week, Needles from about 3 d.to 4>d. a Week, cannot say as to Fire and Candle, for they find themselves in that — That the Workmen have frequently complained to him of not having sufficient Sublifience, and in the inclement Seasons of the Winter, he has lent them Money to subsist on, which they have never been since able to pay — That, without the Assistance both of lending and giving, their Wives and Families muii have gone to the Parish — That he has himself had Work done In Iham Frames, that is 26 or 28 Gauge, at a lham Price, which none but Judges could distinguish from fine — That a lham Price is id. or 3 a Pair under the full Price — That he has had 26 Gauge made, which is Gauge under the Degree of Work, and in a 27 Gauge has had flight Work made at is. 6d. a Pair, which is to the great Prejudice of the Workmen — That he has had Gauze Work, Tor under Stockings, made on two Needles in 30 Gauges, which is what Thread, Cotton, and Worlled, are worked with — That there is a Fraud of the Mailer in that, because 24 Gauge would do the same Work — That he makes Thread, Worlled, Cotton, and Silk — That he niakes 28 Gauge, what is called lham — That 30 Gauge is Fine, and 33 Superfine — That there are very few altered Hole made in Town — That 28 lham Gauze is i3<f a Pair Men’s, and 1 id. Women’s — That he believes it is the bell Work in Town — That a ready Hand can make 20 Pair in a Week — That 30 Gauge Worsted is lod. a Pair, with no other Deduction than Frame Rent, which is always is. in every Article that he makes — That a good Hand can make One Pair a Day, but that depends upon the Stuff being properly adapted — That Superfine is lyl. a Pair — That he does wot think they can mak'e more than 5 Pair in a Week, though Men who fit close can make 6 — That in the Summer they work during the Time it is light, but in Winter they work by Candle-light — That Thread and Cotton are both at a Price, is. a Pair the line, and is. 6 d.the l’uperfine — That the 30 Gauge is is.

and the 33, is. 6d. — That they can make 6 Pair in a Week of the 30, and about 5 Pair of the 33 — That the Silk, which they call 24 Gauge Stout, is 3,?. a Pair to the Journeymen, and is. yd. lor Gauze common, not flight — That they cannot, make above 3 Pair in a Week in general, but fotne can make Pair — That in

general they can make 5 Pair of is. and some G —

That they have 3.9. 3 d.a Pair for 30 Gauge without Clocks, and 4s. with — That they can make about 3 Pair a Week at 4*. — That the Men who have lived 9 or 10 Years with him are very little in Debt — That one of them has a large Family, who are maintained by Charity — That he has 5 Children — That the oldest is about 6 Years of Age — That he the Witness has a Patent for knotted Work — That a Man may get by this from 12.V. to 27 s.a Week, with the Deductions of is. and finding themselves in Fire, Candle, and Needles — That some Workmen work but Days in a Week, and there is no Doubt but that they are in Alehouses the rest of the Week — That Women, who work hard, cannot get more than 3s. a Week — That Boys and Girls have been employed in Winding — That Women can get by Winding from to 5 a Week, and from 8s. to gs. — That only one Man is employed by him in making the Gauze — That more People are employed in the cheapest Work, where they get the lead, than in the other, and in that Branch they don’t get enough for their Maintenance — That the low Work is chiefly sent abroad — That the Difference between 12 and 27 is because a Man is neeeflitated, when he has a new Work to give his Journeymen more Wages — They will, have that great Advance, or they won’t work — That there is an Advance upon the Public when lie pays more to the Journeyman — That Children are paid is. or is. 6d. a Week, from the Age of 10 or 12, for doubling the Silk — That he pays is. 6d. a Fool for Stocking Pieces of 2 Feet long — That the Man who earns 12 s.a Week is employed upon Thread, Cotton, and AVorlied Ilofeaml Gloves — That there are People who employ more Men than lie does — That new Frames are cheaper in the Country than inTcwn — That he has known Second Hand Frames 40s. cheaper — That the present Prices would not be quite sufficient, if the Frame Rent was lessened, and the Gauge Work regulated, but it would iu a great Measure alleviate their Distress — That there might he some Regulation to ascertain the Value of their Work — That there are Goods made for particular Markets, which, if not properly made, the Master cannot fell them — That he could al-ford to take is. 6d. a Week for the Frame, but that they could not take less than in the Country — That he does not lower the Price himself, because other Mailers will liot — He has proposed it to them, and it was rejected.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to settle and regulate the Wages of Persons employed in the Business of Framework-knitting;

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Manufacturing Hosiers of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, and of the Counties of Nottingham and Dei'by, which was presented to the House upon Monday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report should be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Framework-knitters whose Names are thereunto set, on Behalf of themselves and the Framework-knitters refilling in the City of London, the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, and in the several Counties of Nottingham, Middlesex, Surrey,

ampton, and Gloucester, was referred, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to settle and regulate the Wages of Persons employed in the Business of Framework-knitting;

The House divided.

The Yeas weut forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,) H1 . I 2

I Mr. 1 nomas: $

Tellers for the Noes,|:

So it passed in the Negative.

52*

The

Laws

relating to Seureiv

Jntigsrlfican

?rivateerv

Faerith

SjojuI*

18 Geo. III.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Tuesday the 17th Day of this I lift ant February, for the House to resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 5th Day of March next, upon the Bill to explain and amend the Laws now in being relating to Sewers, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 12th Day of March next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of James Lai/man and William Stone, on behalf of themselves anti others. Proprietors of the Antigallican Private Ship of AVar, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Proprietors fitted out the said Ship, at an Expence of £.10,453, and on the 26th of December 1757, the made a lawful Capture of the Due de Penthicvre, a French Ship from China, valued £. 335,000, which Prize was, m confluence of voluntary Evidence from the French Pr ifoners, condemned at Gibraltar, the 2 ‘th of February follow ing; and that, on the 2d of March 1758, the Antigallican and her Prize, being in the Port of Cadiz, the Spaniards with Force and Violence seized the said Prize, without any real’onable Ground for such Procedure; and that, after various Applications-to the Spanish Mimfters for Redress, they, in-field of relieving the Petitioners, ordered the Ship Antigallican to be also seized, which was accordingly done on the 11th of August following, and the Petitioners have never received the least Satisfaction for the Injury; and that His Majesty gave the Proprietors His Royal Word, that the Petitioners should he relieved, by an Article in the late Peace, and that Orders were given for that Purpose, which were by feme fatal Delay or Neglect never complied with; and the Petitioners are well assured, that Copies of such Orders, and other material Papers relative to this Business, are now in the late Lord- Egremont's Office; that to relate all the Difficulties which the Petitioners have undergone, and the Delays and ill Treatment they have received in the Prosecution of this Business, would shock narrative Faith; and the Petitioners apprehend, that the Proprietors, being Englishmen, have a Claim of Protection, both m their Liberty and Property, from that Government which they contribute to support, particularly as their same is a public insult to the whole Nation; that the House hath relieved Petitioners, whose Claims do not appear to be supported in a more ample Manner; the Faith reposed in National Protection, which every civilized Country affords to its Inhabitants, the Honour of the Crown, and the unparalleled Hardships of the Petitioners Cafe, all tend to support their Petition: And therefore intreating the House, That they may be relieved in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir James Lmother presented to the House, according

to Order, a Bill for continuing and amending an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, by Huttcn Hall, over Skelton and Castle Pastures,

and Sebraham Bridge, to Chalk Beck, in the said County; and also the Road which branches and separates from t he same Road, upon Cujlle Sowerby Pasture aforesaid, and leads from thence through otherwise

Hejket New-market, to Calbeck, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Voju 36,

743

Mr; Powys presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better regulating the Goverument of the Province of the Massachuset's Bay, in " New EnglandAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

llefolved. That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Barony , in

the County of Cumberland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Marjluim, Mr. Herbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to-have Voices.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Weight and Quantities of Spanish and Portugal Gold and Silver Coin, purchased for His Majesty’s Service, pursuant to Contract, from the ill January 1771, to the ill January *1778; specifying the Quantities purchased, and the Prices paid at each Investment, together with the Charges thereon, and the Profit and Loss attending the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before s’ds House, Copies of all Orders and Directions blued L»v the Treasury, to the Contractors for purchasing Spanish and Portugal Gold and Silver Coin, to pay over the same to any Paymasters in America, from the 1 ft January 1771, to the ilt January 1778, together with, the Returns or Certificates of such Paymasters respectively, of* he Payment and Receipt of the same for His Majesty’s Service.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return of such Counties as have not yet raised their Militia, with an Account of what Sums of Money are due from each respective County; and also, an Account of such Counties who did not raise their Militia, at any Time since the passing of the Militia Act, with what Sums of Money are due to the Public for the fame; and also, what Sums of Money have been paid on that Account by each County.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Farmers, Manufacturers, and other Occupiers of Lands, in the County of York, on behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, made in the Thirteenth Sear of His present Majesty, to explain, amend,' and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the General Law.s now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes, it is enacted, that, from anti after the* 29th Day of September 1776, all Waggons and other Carriages* having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, tliall pay Double Tolls for passing through any Turnpike Gate or Bar where lolls shall be payable by virtue of any Act of Parliament; and that many Farmers, Manufacturers, and others, residing at a considerable Distance from any Turnpike Road, and being obliged to drive through narrow' Lanes, over hilly Grounds, and Moors, several Miles before they come to the Turnpike Road, which Lanes, hilly Grounds, and Moors, are, and from the Situation, Nature of the Soil, and Want of proper Materials for repairing such Roads, mult for ever be, in such Condition as to be impracticable to be used w'ith Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, it will be hardly possiblo for the Petitioners, and many others in the like Situation, to get to any Market Town with, the Produce of their Lands, or for carrying on their other Concerns, except

250 Fehruariu

Maflacliufet's

Bay

Government.

W’gton

Inclosure*

Account;

Foreign.

Com.

Ditto*

Account; Militia*

General

Turnpike

Ait*

American

Declaratory

Bill.

Ditto*

744 „ 25 ' Februarii. 'A. 1778.

cept with Narrow-wheeled Carts and Waggons; and upon the Bill for declaring the Intentions of the Par-that the additional Toll laid by the said Act upon liament of Great concerning the Exercise of

Narrow-wheeled Carriages is so very great, that the the Right of Impoling 'faxes within His Majesty’s Petitioners, and others, the Occupiers of Lands in Colonies, Provinces, and Plantations, in North America, the like Situation with them, will be thereby drove to be now read.

great Diltrels; and that the House hath been pleased And the said Order being read accordingly, to suspend the said Act taking Place from the said 29th Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Corn-Day of September 1776, for the Space of Two Years: mittee, that they have Power to extend the Provisions And, the Petitioners being well convinced that the In- of the said Bill to His Majesty’s Colonies and Planta-tention of the said Act, introducing the Use of Six- tions in the

Inch Wheeled Carriages in all Countries and in all Then the House resolved itself into the said Corn-Situations, can never be complied with by them, and mittee. others in the like Situation; therefore pray. That Mr. Speaker left the Chair, the above-mentioned Clause, relative to the Payment Mr. took the Chair of the Committee,

of Double Tolls by Carriages with Narrow Wheels, may Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

be repealed, or that the Petitioners may receive l’uch Mr. reported from the Committee, That

Relief in the Premises as shall seem meet. they had gone through the Bill, and made several

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie %pon the Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him Table, until the Bill for repealing so much of an to report, when the House will please to receive the Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present fame.

Majesty’s Reign, intituled,"" An Act to explain. Ordered, That the Report be now received.

" amend, and reducetinto One Act of Parliament, the Mr. Gascoyne accordingly reported from the said

" General I a tvs now in being, for regulating the Turn- Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had <r pike Roads, in that Part of Great Britain called made to the Bill; and which they had directed him,

" England, and for other Purposes," as is to subject to report to the House; and he read the Report in Carriages having tin? Fellies of the Wheels thereof of his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, \yith the less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, to the Payment Amendments, iu at the Clerk’s Table: Where tire of Double Tolls; and for vacating Contrafts for leafing Report was read.

Tolls, be read a Second Time. . Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall The House was moved, That an Act, made in be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the the Seventh Yrear of the Reign of His present Majesty, House.

intituled, "An Act for granting certain Duties in the Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further " British Colonies and Plantations in America; for Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

" allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Customs upon

" the Exportation from this Kingdom of Coffee and Mr. Gascoyne, according to Order, reported from the commMcwi Cocoa Nut3, of the Produce of the said Colonies or Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to forreftonnj " Plantations; for difeonrinuing the Drawbacks pay- enable His Majesty to appoint Commissioners, with America! " able on China Earthen Ware, exported to America; sufficient Powers, to treat, consult, and agree, upon the and for more effectually preventing the Clandestine Means of quieting the Disorders now subsisting in cerRunning of Goods) in the said Colonies and Planta- tain of the Colonies, Plantations, and Provinces of

" tions," might be read. North America, was committed, the Amendments

And the same being read accordingly; which the Committee had made to the Bill; and

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- which they had directed him to report to the House;

poled, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards, the whole House, to whom the Bill for declaring delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the the Intentions of the Parliament of Great Britain, con- Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read, cerning the Exercise of the Right of impoling Taxes Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the within His Majesty’s Colonies, Provinces, and Plan- said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall tations, in North America, is committed, that they be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the have Power to receive a Clause to repeal so much House.

of the said Act as imposes a Duty on Tea imported Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further from Great Britain into any Colony or Plantation in Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

America.

The House was moved. That the Standing Order of Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to the House, of the 9th Day of April 1772, " That no their Orders,

" Bill relating to Trade, or the Alteration of the Copies of Letters from his Excellency Lieutenant Letters " Laws concerning Trade, be brought into the House, General Sir Guy Carle ton, and Lieutenant General Bur- between " until the Proportion shall have been first considered goyne, to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury;

" in a Committee of the whole House, and agreed and from John Robinson, Esquire, Secretary to the and The

" unto by the House," might be read. Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, to his Ex- Treasury.

And the same being read accordingly; cellency Lieutenant General Sir and

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Lieutenant General Burgoytie, in the \ears 1775, 1776, of the whole House, to whom the Bill for declaring the and 1777- _

Intentions of the Parliament of Great Britain, concent- Ana the Titles of the said Copies were read,

ing the Exercise of the Right of impoling Taxes within Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the

His Majesty’s Colonies, Provinces, and Plantations, in Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

North America, is committed, that they have Power The said Copies are preserved amongst the other to receive a Clause to repeal so much of the said Act Papers of this Session.

as ini poles a Duty on Tea imported from Great Britain

into any Colony or Plantation in America. Ordered, That there be laid before this House,-an Account;

Account of the Quantities of Woollen Goods of ail Woollen Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House Sorts exported from Great Britain during the Five Good*-to refillve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Years preceding Christmas last, distinguishing the dif-

9 . fereut

18 Geo. III.

ferent Years, and the Ports from whence the Goods have been shipped, and for what Places Abroad the Entries have been made; and also an Estimate of the Value of such Woollen Goods, nearly as can be judged.

FebruariL 745

26* die Febrttdfii $

Anno 18® Georgii III*1 Regis, 1778.

Account; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Coals, &c. Account of all the Coals, Culm, and Cinders exported dining the Five Years preceding Christmas last; with the Amount of the Duties thereon, and the Ports from whence, and to which, these Articles have been exported.

Ditto, Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all the Coals, Culm, and Cinders, separately brought into the Port of London, or the Rivers Thames and Medway-, during the Five Years preceding Christmas last, with the Duties thereon j distinguishing each Year, and the Ports from which such Articles have been shipped.

Ditto. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, ati Account of all other Quantities of the Coals, Culm, and Cinders, carried Coastways to the Out-Ports, during the Five Years preceding Christmas last; with the Amount of the Duties thereon, and the Ports to and from which such Articles have been shipped.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Con. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of John Guidon, Esquire, and Thomas Binjleed, Gentleman, on Behalf of the Merchants concerned in the Importation and Exportation of Corn at the Port of Portsmouth;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-

night, the 6th Day of March next, resolve itself into

the said Committee. '

1 .'

Ctenml The Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in ^A£Lke Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce, " into One Act of Parliament, the General Laiys now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that " Part of Great Britain called England, and for other " Purposes," as is to subject Carriages having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, to the Payment of double Tolls; and for vacating Contrafts for leafing Tolls, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. George Onslow, Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The other Orders of the Day being read:

Wats Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-nd Means. ing resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply. Resolved, That this House, will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Prayers;

SIR John Goodricke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for establishing (pursuant to an Order of the Court of Chancery) an Agreement

entered into for the Partition and Exchange of certain Open a^d Inelofed Lands, and Rights of Common, within the Manor of Ripley, in the County of York, by and between the Trustees of John Esquire, a

MSuor, ifed Walter Vdvafour, Esquire, Thomas Grim-

ston, and ElizabethEtefon, and for other Purposes

therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the Pint Time.

I Resolved, That the Bill be reiafcl a Second Time.

Ordered, the Clerk

iredjTha rk of the ftiin^of

hat Mr. Jie Crow _ of a Bur fur the Boroi

in the

Ingilby’s

Eftaie.

issue his Warrant to a uew Writ for in, tltis present Par-lb in the County with, Esquire, who,

_ bugh, hath accepted

teward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three dreds of Stoke, Dejhorovgh, and Bonenham,

y of Buckingham,

Aid borough

Writ.

Lord Broxontow Bertie reported from the Committee, Doningtoa

to whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in B’gh Bndg« execution an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the "*

Reign 4i his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads " from Donington High Bridge to Hale Drove, and to

" the Eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Wigtoft, and to " Langret Ferry, in the County of Lincoln," whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report jfi his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same wras read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was produced, and read: And,

Mr. Samuel Thorneton, being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the execution of the said A ft, and borrowed several Sums of Money, amounting to £.8,675, upon the Credit thereof; which cannot be paid oft*, nor the Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road#

" from Donington High Bridge to Hale Drove, and to " the Eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of and

" to Langret Ferry, in the County of Lincoln And

that Lord Bro:cnlmoBertie, Lord Robert Bertie, and

Mr. Pelham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, Indofur*. and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of If tarn, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

V01. 36. 9 D Open,

Billinghay

Drainage.

Wakefield

to

Austerlands

Road.

Boiiehton

Bar,

*c.

Road.

Stocking of

ffaztinfc Wood Pasture.

Militia Pay and Clothing.

Rye Way, itc.# Roads.

746 $6° Febrjiarii# . 1778.

Open Fields, Meadows, Commo«ble Lands, and his ktte Majesty King George the Second, for amending, Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Isham, in the County repairing, and widening, the Roads leading from The of Northampton. Bye Way, in the Parish of Yarpole, in the County of Ordered, That Mr. Knightly do d&ry the Bill to the to in the County of and

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. from thence to and from aforesaid, to the Top of Trap Hill, and from The Rye Way

Mr. Batyon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for authorizing the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for draining and improving Lands and Grounds in the

Parish of Billinghay, in the County of Lincoln, to raise

and complete certain Banks and Works, which are now under the Jurisdiction of the General Commissioners for draining Lunds on both Sides the Ri;

and for reimbursing the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds all such Money as shall qe expended therein, not exceeding a Sumfto beUiniited: And the same was received; and read the Firii Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. &

A Message from The Lords^ by Mr. ErMvmng and Mr, Anguish; %

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords^ have agreed t<rfne Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing tnP'Terrffc aiyh altering and tad:iyging the Powers, of an mm- ma#iii the Ttjiify-fecoiul Year of the Reign o| hiswate! Majesty King (Tcorge the Second, for repairingTOe Road from Wakefield to ferlands, in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also, wtf*

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge, the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from The Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned; and for making a Road of Communication from the said Road, between Whitchurch and Newport, to the present Turnpike Road from aforesaid,

to Eccleshall, in the County of Stafford s without any

Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating the flocking of a certain Piece of inclosed Failure Ground, called Nazeing Wood, or Nazeing Park, in the Manor and Parish of Nazeing, in the County of Essex, and for keeping the Fences thereof in Repair; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Charles Whilzoorth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight; and for filling up Vacancies in the Militia in the Cafes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Johnes reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of feversd Gentlemen and others, of the Counties of Hereford and Radnor, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followethj viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of 21

aforesaid, by The Maidenhead, to Wooferton, in the County of Salop, was read; whereby it appeared, that the Term thereof will expire at the End of this present Session of Parliament: And,

Mr. John Perry informed ypur Committee, That a considerable Sum of Money is due to him, and several other Persons, upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized by the said Act; and that, if the said Act is suffered to expire, himself, and the rest of the Creditors, will be injured thereby, as the Money owing cannot be paid oft:

And he added. That the said Roads have been repaired at great Expence, and Hill want further Repair, which cannot be done, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and some Amendments made thereto. Then,

Thomas Evans was examined, who informed your Committee, That he knew the Three different Branches of Road described in the Petition; one leading from the Turnpike Road at Lingen to Wigmore; another from the Turnpike Road near Prefeigne, by Rodhurjt, to Titley; and the other from Naish Lime Kilns, by Rodhurf aforesaid, to Broadford; that the First Branch of those Roads is about Two Miles in Length, and the other Two Branches about One Mile each; that the said Roads communicate with the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act, and are in a ruinous Condition, and narrow, and cannot be properly amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law; and' that the repairing the said Roads will be of great Convenience to all Persons residing near the fame.

And the Witness added. That no additional TolUf are intended to be taken for repairing the said Roads* nor any Money borrowed for that Purpose.

Several Members present confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances megitioped in the said Report, Leave be granted that Norrces may be given at the ensuing Easier Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the Counties of Herefordand Radnor, and by Advertise-

ments in the public Newspapers, published within the same Counties, in the Months of March and April next, or one of them, of the Application to Parliament for a Continuation of the Term of the said Act, and for repairing the Roads described in thlfsaid Petition, in such and the like Manner as are required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, of Application's intended to be made relative to Turnpike Bills.

Mr. Phelips presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Towns of Shepton Mulct and Ivelchefer, in the County of Somefet: And the fame' was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Phelips presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening, the several Roads leading from The Red Post, in the Parish of Five-head, through the Towns of Langport and Somerton, to But'

welly

# s

Sheptoa

Malet,

&c.

Roads.

FW-hears,

See,

Roads*

»$ Geo. lit

Of0 Februarit.

well, and also from Cutry Rivell to Pu Lane, Arches at each End and from Carey Bridge to Street Cross, in the County o iSomerset;and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads adjoining the reto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

?4?

to let down the Land Waters; and that heeftimated th^whole Expence at £. 1,500.

being examined.

Bazmfi

Nat.

Exportation

of

Wi*dt Flour, &c.

Tawry

Briu^c*

Aningrofled Bill for naturalizing Antoine Bazin, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Antoine Bazin.

Ordered, That Mr. Elwesdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hoofe, to consider of allowing the Exportation of Wheat Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Pease, to the island of Neufoitndland, for the Benefit of the British Fishery

carried on there.

Sir Herbert Mackworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Freeholders, Manufacturers, and other Inhabi-

Mr. William, Jones, a Merchant, confirmed Mr: Thomas's Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge across the River Tawey, on the North Side of a Wear called Morris's Wear, in the Pari ill of Llangevelach, in the County of Glamorgan, to a Place on the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Llanfamlet, in the said County; and for making proper Avenues or Roads to and from the same: And that Sir Herbert Mackworth and Mr. George Venables Vernon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. George Venables Vernon reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors, Landholders, and Inhabitants, in the Parishes of famlet, Langevelach, and Saint John's near in

the County o [Glamorgan, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found'that tlito&tanding Orders of the House, of the igh of itpi il 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined thejjHafter of, the said Petition; and had directed hinvto report tile fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the

tants, of the Town and Parish of*$u;a/i/?a, and the Parts Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at

adjacent, in the County of Glamorgan, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as jt appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. lied Thomas, being examined, said, That the Town

Where the same was read; and is

Country would be accommodated, and'a safe Communication would be opened with the County of Glamorgan, and the Metropolis; that the Place he mentioned as proper to erett the Bridge at, is above

that Part of the River which is navigable only with River, below the Ferry, is 8 Miles and 156 Yards in Barges and small Craft; and is a Part of the Country Length, and from Swansea by Upper over the

very fully inhabited; that the Situation of Swansea, River, where the old Bridge stood, to Neath aforesaid.

which is nearly surrounded by the Sea, and Two Rivers, renders a Bridge in or near it particularly necessary.

Being fiirtlier examined, he produced to your Committee a Plan for a Bridge proposed to be built, and of the Avenue? to be made thereto; and said. That

Corfejaaili

Arc.

4r*

the Clerk’s Table: as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Morgan, being examined, said. That so much of the Road from Carmarthen to Neath, in the County of Glamorgan, as extends from a Place called Corfeynan to Neath, over the River Tawey, at a Ford where a Bridge formerly stood, is, for the moll Part, in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and in-Sioanfea is large and populous, and that there are commodious; that the said Ford is frequently danger-ul Mmes and-Manufactories in the Neighbourhood ous, and sometimes impaiTable; that the Road leading that the only Communication with the Country from Swansea to Upper Forest is, in many- Parts, too adjacent is by Means of a Ferry over the River Tawey, narrow, and out of Repair; that the ameuding, which, at all Times, is attended with Delay, Difficulty, widening, and altering, of the said Roads, and ereCfc-and Danger, and at high Tides is impaiTable} that if a ing a Bridge over the River Tawey, at the said Ford, Bridge was erected across the said River, at a Place would be of great public Utility, by facilitating the called Llys Newydd Marsh, hrtfle Parish of Llanfamlet, Carriage of Goods, Lime, Coal, and other Articles; adjoining to the Parish of Sn’mifcy, with proper Avenues and would form a certain and easy Communication to it, the said Tdwn and Neighbourhood of SwanfeabetweenCorfeynanwn&Neath (through which the Great would be greatly benefited’thereby, the Trade of the Road from the Counties of Pembroke, Carrharthen, and

Glamorgan, palfes to Bristol and London) and with the Town of Swansea.

Mr. John Williams, being examined, said. That the present Road from Swansea to Neath, through the

is 8 Miles 5 Furlongs and 58 Yards, which is only Furlongs and 122 Yards longer than the said first-mentioned Road; that, notwithstanding the abovesaid Difference, he apprehends Carriages' may go from Srwanfea to Neath, by the lall-described Road, in as

upwards of £.2,000 is subscribed towards the Expence ffiort a Space of Time as by the former, because one of erecting it, and making the Roads of Communica- is nearly level all the Wa}', and the other is hilly, tion; that, for the latter Purpose, no Powers to com- Mr. Elias Jenkins, being examined, confirmed the pel the Sale of Linds are necessary, the Gentleman Whole of Mr. Morgan's Evidence, whose Ground alone will be wanted, having consented Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, to part with it, and that being only a small Quantity, who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for the purchasing of it will not make it necessary to in- building a Bridge across the River Tawey, on the North crease the Toll intended to be taken for the Erection Side of a Wear called Morris's Wear, in the Parish of and Support of the Bridge, which Toll is meant to be Llangevelach, in the County of to a Place

less than the Price now paid for passing the said Ferry on the opposite Shore, in the Parish oL in

by Strangers, but which is nevertheless to be kept up the said County; and for making proper Avenues or the same as it has hitherto been, and on the usual Roads to and from the same.;, that they do make Pro*1 Terms. . ’ vision in thef said Bill for building a Bridge over the

Mr. John Calvert, being examined, confirmed the River TaioCy, at or near a Place called in

foregoing Evidence; and laid, That he made the Plan the Parish of Llanfamlet, in the County of of the Bridge intended to be built, and of the Avenues to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Llangevelach; to it; that the principal Arch is to be 95 Feet in the and for making a Road on the West Side of the said Span, and 23 above High Water Mark, with small River, from the said Bridge to the Town of

Voi» 36. Mr.

c

748 26* Februariu 1778.

Landing Mr. Stephens prefen ted to the House, according to Prize Goods ^r^er» a Bill for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes,

' with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom, which are not the Produce o>\Manufacture of the Dominions: And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Maflachulrt’i A Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Bay Year of Mis present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, " An overnment. (( for the better regulating the Government of the - Province of the Mnff Bay, in England."

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Novn-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

General 0 Order;.!, That il be an Fflfirurtion to the Commit-Turnpike tee, to whom the Bill for'repealing so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenih "N ear of 1 Iis present Majesty’s Reign, nfE|Ble<l*^An Act to explain, amend, and " rcduee^TO) OmPAft of Parliament, the General " Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike " Roads in that Part-bf Great J^ilain called England,

" and for other Pjfirposes," as iS to subject Carriages, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, to the Payment of double lolls; and for vacating Contracts for leafing Tolls, is committed; that they have Power to receive aClause or Clauses, for the better preventing the laying of Reed, Straw, or I lay, in any public Roads or Highways.

Commissioners Ordered, That, the Order of the Day, for taking *°Peacein"l» into further Consideration the Report from the Com-America. m*ttee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable His Majesty to appoint Commissioners, with sufficient Powers, to treat, consult, and agree, upon the Means of quieting the Disorders now subsisting in certain of the Colonies, Plantations, and Provinces, of North America, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into , further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

American Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking ^)ec*a"tor> into further Consideration the Report from the Com-1 mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for declaring the Intentions of the Parliament of Great Britain, concerning the Exercise of the Right of im-pofingTaxes within His Majesty’s Colonies, Provinces, and Plantations, in North America, w as committed, be now' read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were,

upon the Questiou severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted

Ordered, That the said ' Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, 'if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is Comwill concerned in the Bjll. for building an additional Gaol, and also a Prison and House of Correction within the County of Cornwall, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; which Bill was Yesterday reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Mr. Chesterreported from the Committee, to whom Fnimptoa

the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Pafiures, and all other inclosure. Commonable Lands, in the Tythings of Frampton and

Ilayley, in the Parish of Sapper ton, in the County of Gloncrster, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Person, who is entitled to One or Two Cow Commons, and that the AVhole of the Cow Commons upon the Lands intended to be inclosed is upwards of Fifty; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and’^ £ afterwards delivered $he Bill, with the Amendments, '

in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments wefce Tjj , Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One ' '

by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the' Bill, with the Amendments, be i ingrafted. M

Ordered, Tl i at Mr. Chester do make the Report from Earl Shilw

the Committee, totniom the Bill fordividing, allotting, Inclosui*. and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, in the-Lordship o (EarlShilton, in the County of Leicester, was committed.

Mr. Chester accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the Hqufe, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of One Cottage, and about 70 Acres of Land, who refused to lign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consists of 1,114 Acres, or thereabouts; and jthat there are 28 Cottages which have a Right of Common upon the said Lands; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question. severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An

18 Geo. III. $6° Februatii — 2° Mar Hi. 749

Cornwall An ingrossed Bill for building an additional Gaol, G'*01' and also a Prison and House of Correction, within the County of Cornwall; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building an additional Gaol, and also a Prison and House of Correction, within the County of Cornwall; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir William Lemon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Rebuilding Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort-Neii-gate. xithe 12th Day of March next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Ixml Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, w as referred.

Itate of the Resolved, That this House will, upon Nation. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

Pr. 16. 1. 36. To leave out " the Remainder of" and to leave out *' Term."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Higlaoorth, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Penruddock do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Penruddock be added to the Gen Patney tlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Inclosure. Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Right honourable Jacob Earl of Radnor, Lord of the Manor of Patney, in the County of Wilts, and the humble Petition of the Reverend Henry Cookjon, th& present Incumbent of the said JVctpry and Vicarage, and of the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunes, 2° Martii;

Anno 18* Georgii IU, U Regis, 1778.

C*Afe \ N- ihgrofled Bill for dividing and inclosing the Dtfbhigton'xli Open Fields, Meadows, and Common Pastures, ladofcirc. within the Lord 111 ip or Parish of CajHe Donington, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. to I. 4. After " Pools" to insert " together "with the’ ScH Right of Fishing " therein."

And the said Amendment vtas, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill ;was. amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Common Palinres, within the Lordship or Parish of Cafle Donington, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Sir John Palmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Kart SfaikoB An ingrossed Bid for dividing, allotting, and in- nclofurr. doling, the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, in the Lordship of Earl Shilton, in the County of Lekcficr, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, in the Lordship of Earl ShiUon, in the County of Leicester.:

Ordered, That Sir John Palmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and.desire their Concurrence.

Hishuonh An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain loclosure Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com-’mon Pastures, and other Commonable‘Lands, within the Parish of Iiighworth, in the County of Wilts, was read the.Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; vizi.

VJ VoL. 36.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Opeti and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Braybrooke, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lande and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Braybrooke, in ,the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Puiinjs do carry the Bill to the . Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House, in the Town of Much Wenlock, in the county of ; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Gleeton Hill to in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House, in the Town of Much Wenlock, in the county of ; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Gleeton Hill to Crefage, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Hopkins do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the most noble Henry Duke of Beaufort, and of Frederick Augustus Earl Berkeley, and the humble Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors, on Behalf of themselves and other Proprietors in the Fisheries in the River Severn below Gloucester Bridge, was prefpnted to

the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Fisheries in the River Severn below Gloucester Bridge, quite down " from the Coal. Wharfs, within the City of Gloucester, to the Mouth of the said River into the Sea, an Extent of 40 or 50 Miles, are private Property, and as . such have been immemorially held and enjoyed by the . Proprietors and Owners thereof, and their Tenants; and that great Quantities of Fifti come up the said River, and afford a great Supply to the Inhabitants of

9 E the

Braybrooke

Inclosure.

Wenlocfc

Road*.

Severn

Fisheri*.

0

750 2° Martii. vr/1778.

the adjacent Places, and the Public in general 5 and that, by Two Acts, passed in the First Year of Queen Elizabeth, and the Thirtieth of King Charles the Second, the Length of Nets to be used for ftihing in the River Severn below Gloucester Bridge is limited to 60 Y ards, and above Gloucester Bridge, where there is no private Property, to 50 Yards, and the Size of the Melhes is limited to 10 Inches round, or 2 Inches and an Half from Knot to Knot; and that, at the Time of passing the said Acts, there were many Weirs in the said River below Gloucester Bridge (the Remains whereof Hill appear) from which Fishermen were enabled to take Fish with Nets of that Length, which Weirs being destroyed, and the Width of the River consider-abty increased, that Regulation with respect to the Length of Nets has never since been observed, but Nets of several Lengths have been used, in Proportion to the Breadth of the River at the several Fishing Draughts, which Breadth at the Time of Tides, is, in the narrowell Parts, about as wide again as the Length, of 60 Yards, and, in many Places, Four Times as wide; and that Nets cannot be put in directly ncross the River, but are drove by the Current obliquely down, and thrown out of Boats rowed with Oars, which cannot reach within a considerable Distance of the opposite Bank; and that for Three or Four Days, upon the Height of the Spring Tides, Fishermen are prevented from fishing, at lean Three Hours, during the Flow and Return of the Tides, and in Times of Floods, which happen frequently every Year, they cannot fish at all, and, in general, for Four Days or more in the Neap Tide in the Spring of the Year they lish only in the Night; and that the Tides do not flow with any considerable Head but very little higher up than Tewkesbury, about 10 Miles above Gloucester, and the Fishing is therefore interrupted (if at all) but for a very short Time above that Place, and the Breadth of the River in general is much narrower and more confined above than below Gloucester Bridge, and besides, in the broader Parts above are many Shoals and Sand Banks on the Sides or in the Middle of the Rivers, which operate as natural Weirs, and have the like Efleft to oonfine the Current to a narrow Paflitge; and that, in the Months of January, February, March, April, and May, there are Lampreys and Shads, and a great Quantity of Twaits, come up the said River, Which cannot be taken by Nets with Melhes of the Dimensions limited by the said Acts; and that, by Two Acts, passed in the First Year of King George the First, and the Thirty-third of King George the Second, for the Preservation of Salmon, and of the Spawn and Fry of Fish, proper Penalties and Modes of Conviction for setting up any Bank, Dam, Hedge, or Net, across any River, or any Part thereof and for destroying, having ip Possession, or exposing to Sale, any unfizeable or unseasonable Fish, or any Spawn or Fry of Fish, are difiefted and appointed; and further fettingibrth, that a Bill is depending in the House, for preserving the Salmon and other Fish within the Rivers Severn and Verniew, by which Bill so much of the said Act of King Charles the Second, as relates to the Punishment of Pterions unlawfully destroying Fish, or the Spawn or Fry of Fish, in the said River Severn, within the Limits of the said Act, is intended to be repealed, and a great Destruction of the Fry of Salmon is intended to be allowed, which Fry, if permitted to go down to Salt Water, would, in Three Months, return of a considerable Siae, but the Length of Net and Size of the Melhes . are avowedly intended to be restrained, as by the Acts of the First of Queen Elizabeth, and the Thirtieth of King Charles the Second, although the Weirs below Gloucester Bridge are destroyed and the River widened, and although no Lampreys, nor any Shad or Twait,

but of the largest Size, can (during the said Months, when only they come up the River be taken

'by Melhes of that Dimepfion, and fishing by Night ,18

is also thereby intended to be totally reftrafeed, although the Tide flows at different Times Twice in every 24 Hours; and that, by the said Bill, new Offences are intended to be created, new Regulations and Restrictions made, and new unreasonable and oppressive Powers and Penalties unnecessarily given; the Whole therefore of the said Bill, if it should pass into a Law, would be highly injurious, and indeed almost totally destructive, to the Fisheries of many of the Proprietors, from the Mouth of the River Severn up to Gloucester Bridge, who would thereby be deprived of great Part of their private Property, without any Compensation for the fame, or any public Utility; and the Inhabitants of the Cities of Bristol, Bath, and Gloucester, and the neighbouring Counties of Gloucester, Somer-J'et, Hereford, and Monmouth, and the Public in general, would lose a great Supply of Fish in the higbeft and bell Perfection, as being nearest to the Sear And therefore praying, That the said Bill, intituled, w A " Bill for preserving the Salmon and other Fish, within " the Rivers Severn and Ve," may not pals into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Ta-. ble, until the Bill for more effectually preserving the Salmon, and other Fish, within the Rivers Severn and Verniew, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill against the

Mr. Barrow presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Tqrm and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the City of Gloucester, towards Cheltenham and Tewkesbury, in the County of Gtou-cester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Ssecond Time.

Mr. Barrow presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing so mtoch of Two Acts, passed in the First Year of Queen and

Thirtieth Year of King Charles the Second, as relates to the Size of the Melhes of Nets, and to the Length of the Nets, to be used in the River Severn below Gloucester Bridge; and for better regulating the Fisheries, and preserving the Spawn and Fry of Fish, in the said River: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Pelham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Roads from Bonington High Bridge, " to Hale Drove, and to the Eighth Mile Stone in the " Parish of Wigtoft, and to Langret Ferry, in the " County of LincolnAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Ref dived. That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Pelham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadow ’Grounds, Common Fen, Cow Pasture, and other Commonable Lands, in -the Parish of Rujkmgton, in the County of Lincoln: And the feme was received; and read the First Time. ' Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Savile prelerfted to the House, according

to

Gloucester

and

Tewkesbury

Roads.

Sever*

Fishenei.

Doningtou High Bridge Roads.

Rufkington

Inclosurt.

Glufburn

Inclosure.

18 Geo. IIL

75*

to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons or Waste Grounds, called

Moor, within the Manor of in the Parish of

Kildunek, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Cneiler A Bill for the more effectually carrying into Execu-

Navigation tion the Powers contained in Two several Acts of Parliament, the one marie in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Dec, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to or near Middlewich and

tvich, in the County of C and the other made in

the Seventeenth Year of His laid Majesty’s Reign, for varying and enlarging the Powers of the said former Act, was read a Second Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed tb Mr. Samuel Egerson, Mr. Crewe, Sec.And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Rive of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

hpilby’s A Bill for establishing (pursuant to an Order of the Court of Chancery) an Agreement entered intofor the Partition and Exchange of certain Open and Inclosed L^nds, and Rights of Common, within the Manor of Ripln/, in the County of York, by and between the Trullees of John Ingilby, Esquire, a Minor, and Walter Vavafour, Esquire, Thomas Grimfion, and Elizabeth Etejbn; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Goodricke, Mr. Egerton, See: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clocfc, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir SimeonStuart presented to the House, according to Basingftok* Order, a Bill for making a Navigable Canal from the CaaaL Town of Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton, to

communicate with the River Wey, in the Parish of Cherifey, in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of Extraordinary Services incurred, and paid by the Bight honourable Richard Rigby, Pay-master General of His Majesty’s Forces, between the $\fiefjanuqry 1777 and the ift 1778, and

not prpvided for by Parliament.

The Lord Barrington glfo presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

An Agcount of the Piftribption 0^.793,300. 1 if. 8i Part of the Sum of £. 1,090,00o, granted to His Majesty, to defray any E^aprdinary Expences incurred, pr to be incurred, of Account of Military Services, for the Year 1777.

And the Title? of the said Accounts were read.

Thp fe»d Amount? arp fojlpweth;

Account; Army Extras.

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Services, incurred and paid by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, between th? 3tfl pjf January 1777, and the i& of February 1778, and not provided for by Parliament.

Dates of Warrants.

*777-

Sept, h-

To Thomas Harley and Henry prummond, Esquires, in full a Warrant for £ 135,935. ,6 s. 9 d. to be by them invested in the purchasing Spanish and Portugal Coips, for the Use and Service of His Majesty’s Forces in North America - - 132,459 *6

To D*, for D° Service - - - 19,739-11 5

To D*, for D* Service - - - 53,502 8 9

To D% for P* Service - r - ’ - - 41,324 ia 5

To D% for D* Service *>734 ’ —

m----. — l p- — .

Mar. 31. To Wm James, Abel Smith, Wm Baynes, and Richard Atkbyfou, Esquires, for srovisions delivered into His Majesty’s Stores at , for the

da. t.

Dec. 17. 24.

Apr. 12.

3°* July 24. Nov. iq.

1778.

Jan.7. Apr. 18.

July 24. Aug,27. Yol. 36.

Use of the Forces in Canada To D", for D* Service - . -

To D% for D® Service -

To D°, upon Account r - ..... _

To D°, upon Account - - - - r r

To D#, upon Account

To John Henniker, Wn Mills, IV. JDevqyiies, and Geo. fVombwell, Esquires, for Pjovisions delivered into the Storehouses at Corke, for the Use of Rip Forces serving under General Howe, ip America To D°, for D° Service - - . - >

To D°, for D* Service - -

To D°, upon Account -

To D°, upon Account - - .

5>©47 9 8

19,825 — TT-

4^,93° *9 *

20,000 -

20,000 ~

21^70 3 -r*

14,966

10,147

26,071

I2yOQP

5,000

12

12

12

8

8

7

058,760 17 If

Xo

751 2 ° MartiL A. 1778.

Dates of Warrants.

1777*

Apr. 18.

25. July 24. /Vft. 12.

>#/>»’// 18. ta/y 24. Sept. 24.

1777* 18.

23-7«/y 24. ^fpr/7 18.

July 17.

24. Aug. 14. April iz.

3°-

7«/y 24.

Aug. 27.

April li.

Mar. t4-

&/>/. 6.

Z)fc. 24.

March 3.

14.

31-

May 27.

26. July 30 *4-

.S'f/jf. 6.

Oft. 1. Nov. 28.

7)d’c. 24.

*777*

/d'Z>. 12.

To JMm Amy and, Esquire, for Provisions delivered into the Storehouses at Corke, for the Use of the Forces Serving under General Howe, in America To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, upon Account -

To John Durand, Eft]uire, for Provisions delivered into His Majesty’s Storehouses at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving under General Howe, in America To D®, for D® Service - -

To D®, upon* Account -

To D®, upon Account -

To Rob‘ Mayne, Esquire, for Provisions delivered

into the Storehouses at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving under General Howe, in America

To D®, for D® Service -....

To D®, upon Account -

To Anty Bacon, Esquire, for Provisions delivered into

the Storehouses at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving under General Howe -To D°, upon Account -

To D®, upon Account -

To D®, upon Account -

To ArnuldNeJbitt, Adam Drummond, and Moses Franks,

Esquires, for Provisions delivered into the Storehouses at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving under General Howe, in America -

To D®, for D" Service....

To D®, upon Account -

To D®, upon Account -

To D®, for Provisions turned out of the Stores at

Boston, by General Howe's Direction, when the Town was evacuated -

To Rd Vernon Sadleir, Esquire, for Provisions issued to the Forces at Halifax, in Nova Scotia, between 12 November 1776 and 6 January 1777 To D®, for Provisions issued to the Forces at D®, between 7 January and 26 May 1777, inclusive -

To D®, for Provisions issued to the Forces at D®, on Oue Lift, between 27 May and 23 June 1777, and on Two Lifts, between 22 July and 15 September following ——

To John Stephenson, Esquire, for victualling the Forces

at Halifax, between 6th November and 3d December 1776 -

To D®, for victualling the Forces at 1)®, between and

31 December 1776....

To D®, for victualling Part of the Forces in Nova Scotia, between 24 December 1775 and 30 September

To D®, for victualling the Forces at D®, between ill January and ,25 February 1777 - -

To D®, for victualling the Forces at D°, between 26 February and 25 March 1777 - -

To D®, for victualling the Forces at D®, between 26th March and 20H1 May 1777, inclusive -

To John Stephenson, Esquire, for victualling the Forces at Newfoundland, between 1 October 1776 and 9 June 1777, inclusive - -

To D®, for victualling Part of the Forces in Nova Scotia, between 21 May and 1 June 1777, inclusive -

To D®, upon Account - - - - \ -

To D®, for victualling the Forces at Halifax, in Nova Scotia, between jo September and 7 October 1777, inclusive -

To.D®, for victualling the Forces, at foundiand, between 10 June and 30th September, inclusive; -

To John Stephenson and John Blackburn, Esquires, for

5,088 13 1

8,637 8 11

6.000 -

1,970 11 5

5>24J 7 9

4.000 -

8.000 -

5,080 18 3

4>294 15 5

10,000 — —

5>24i 7 9

6,000----

1,800 ——

6,500----

20,364 12 8

35,899 12 5

12,000-----

6,500-----

11,917 1 2

743 16 10 1,977 6 6

M58 4 3

4>313 J9 6 v 4 3

v*

873 4 10

2,068 18 5

950 11 n 2,018 17 7

757 8 4

926 11 2

9,000-----

927 13 1

428 G —

Provisions

V

A

2° Martii.

753

18 Geo. III.

Date* of Warrants.

17 77*

Sept. 17.

'777-

March 0.

14.

April 23.

July 3.

June 26.

Dec 24.

*777.

March 21.

vfprtV 10.

27.

Provisions issued to the Forces at , betwdett

2 5 Jrae and 24 August 1776, inclusive To D®, vipon Account -

To Kender Mason and Arthur Jones, Esquires, for Provisions issued to the Forces in the Garrison of Augustine, and the Out Polls dependent on that Garrison, between 15 March and 24 June 1776, and for Provisions condemned, between 3 and 10

June 1776 -....

To Kender Mason, Esquire, for victualling the Forces in the Garrison of Saint between 24 Fe-

bruary and 15 March 1776; for Provisions issued to the Out Polls dependent thereon, between 22d October 1775 and 15 March 1776; for Provisions issued to the Out Polls in Providence, de-

pendent on Saint Augustine-, and also for victualling a Schooner ordered to Virginia To Kender Mason and Arthur Jones, Esquires, for Provisions issued to the Forces in the Garrison of Saint Angustine, between 25 October and 24 Decem-

ber 1776, inclusive; and for Provisions issued to the Out Polls dependent on that Garrison, for the same Time - *

To D®, upon Account, by way of Advance, in Consideration of their extraordinary Disbursements, and particular Services, in Eaf Fhrida To Kender Mason and Arthur Jones, Esquires, for Provisions issued to the Forces in the Garrison of Saint Augustine, between 25 December 1776 and 24 February 1777; for Provisions issued to Out Polls dependent on the said Garrison, between the said Time; and for Provisions condemned between 11 June 1776 and 24 March 1777 -

To Kender Mason, Esquire, upon Account

i,iaG t1; 11 3,300 — —

2i3°8 17 5i

536 15 9

1,708 10 8 6,000 — —

2,223 5 7

2,000-----

415,259 18 7i

Towards die Expence of Provisions delivered to the '

Forces serving in North America, Nova Scotia, and Newfoundland, &c. apply the Sum voted upon Estimate 1777, for that Service - - 66,817 16 3

Towards the Expences of Provisions delivered to the Forces serving in the Ceded Islands, apply the Sum voted upon Ditto - - - 17,684 5 —

Towards the Expences of Provisions delivered to the Foreign Troops serving in-North America, apply the

Sum voted upon Ditto - - 41,427 17 7

Also the Sum Hopped for Provisions delivered to the said Forces between 25 June 1776 and 24 June 1777 - - -101,172 4 6*

— --------- 227,102 3 5

3

7

To Messrs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson, for the ill Payment of Freight to sundry Ships employed in carrying Provisions and Stores to America, for the Use of the Forces there ..... 8,089 16

To D®, for the 2d Payment of D° to D* - - - 6,557 8

To D°, for the 3d Payment of D" to D# - - - 5,309 10 —

To D°, for the Freight of sundry Ships employed on an

Expedition under Earl Cormoallis - - 1,080 7 — .

To D®, for the 3d Payment of Freight to sundry Ships employed in carrying Provisions and Stores to America, for the Use of the Forces there To D°, for the 4th Payment of D* to D®

To D®, in full for D? to D® -

To D®, for the 2d Payment of D® to sundry D* -To D®, for the 3d Payment of D* to D® -To D®, for the 4th Payment of D® to D® - -

To D®, for Freight, in full to sundry Provision Transports - - - . - - - 3,628 3 *

10,748 1,582

7*453 1,816 18,812

4»i35 17

11

1

10

5

3

10

6

Vol. 36.

9F

*88,157 *5 2i

T*

754

a° Martii.

A. 1778.

Dates of Warrants.

mi-

June 12

To MefiVs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson, for the 3d Payment of Freight to funrlry Provision Transports ——

To D", for the 4th Payment of D° to D® -To D®, for the 5th Payment of D® to D’ -

July 3. To D°, for the 2d Payment of Freight to sundry Ships employed in carrying Provisions and Stores to America, for the U lie of the Forces there ... To D°, for the 3d Payment of D° to D® -To I)0, for the 4th Payment of D® to D® -To D°, for Freight of funrlry Provision Transports discharged -

Aug, 7. To D®, for the 2d Payment of Freight to sundry

D®....

To D®, for the 4th Payment of D° to D"

To 1)*, for the 5th Payment of D® to D®

To D®, for the sinai Payment of D" to sundry D° which have been taken, loll, or discharged from the Service - ....

27. To D", for the 3d Payment of Freight to sundry

D®....

To D®, for the 4th Payment of D® to D®

To D®, for the 5th Payment of D® to D" -.

To D®, for the final Payment of D® to D®

Sept. 24. To D°, for the 4th Payment of I)® to D® -To D®, for the 5th Payment of D° to I)® -To D®, for the 6th Payment of D®to D® -

To D®, for the final Payment of D®to D® -08. 17. To D®, for the 3d Payment of Freight to sundry

D"....

To D°, for the 4th Payment of D® to D®

To D", for the 5th Payment of D® to D® -To D®, for the final Payment of D® to D®, and for extra Men put on board the said Ships -

Nov. 14. To D®, for D® Service -

Dec. 11. To D®, for the 3d Payment of Freight to sundry D® - - - - - - »

To D*, jfor the 5th Payment of D® to D® <-

To D®, for the 6th Payment of D® to D® -To D®, for the final Payment of D® to D®

1778. Jan. 9.

7*

v1,11'

reb. 14.

To D®, for the 5th Payment of D® to sundry D® To I)°, for the 6th Payment of D® to D®

To D°, for the final Payment of D® to D®

4,780 6 10

1,970 11 3

1,173 12 6

4»429 5 7

3*34i 10 —

4,029 10 7

2,070 — —:

i*53i 7 7

9,506 15 —

1,566 18 1

6,249 10 10

i»799 1 9

16,427 15 6

4*95 10 6

4*399 15 —

4*073 19 1

i,95* 6 9

1,162 3 6

9,094 5 3

4*386 1 4

3*3o8 18 —

2,816 12 6

6,406 14 5

6,296 5 3

i*531 7 7

6,030 7 4

i*357 11 3

I9-591 !9 2

13*944 i6‘ 7

3»212 9 6

3*I55 4 7

Feb. 27.

April 30. May 20. July 30. 08. 24.

y77-

ieb. 5.

12.

To MeflYs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson, for the Armament dispatched with Provisions, for the Use of the Forces in and for Provisions for Soldiers oaboard the said Ships To D®, for D® Service ..

To D®, for D® Service ..

To D°, for D® Service -

To D®, for I)® Service ..

To D*. for D® Service ..

To D®, lor D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To I)®, for D® Service - .

To D®, for D® Service - -

To D®, for D® Service - - *-

To D®, for D* Service - -

To D®, for D® Service ..

To D®, for D® Service - - .

of sundry Ships

North America, 6,181 6 7

5*9*7 6 1

5,286 2 10

5,168 14 11

4*7°5 *3 5 8,645 5 6

6,400 11 8

5>976 9 7 5,628 4 u

4,143 2 10

11,077 18 3

4»389 x3 *o 3*069 3 1

1.831'15 2

To Mr. Thellufon, and C®, for the Use of John Keane, Mailer of the Ship Renown, for bringing over the 65th Regiment of Foot from Halifax to Great Britain - - - - 400 — — -

To Sam1 Blow, for the Hire of the Betly Schooner, detained for the Defence of Quebec, from November

1775 to *5 MaH 1776 To Messrs. Dunlop and Wil, for the Hire of the Brigantine Helena, and the Sloops Fincafle and

37i

8 8

224,906 4 —

78,421 8 7

James

18 Geo III. 2

Duics of Warrants.

James, impressed in Virginia, and for the Valiift of the Sloop James dellroyed by the Rebels To Sam1 Martin, for the Hire of the Snow Unicorn, impressed into His Majesty’s Service in Virginia, from 23 August 1775 to 2d 1776

Feb. 14. To A nth'4 Merry, Merchant, for Wages and Expences

of the artued Ship ReJUution, And other Ships taken up to carry live Cattle to America 27. To John Park, Agent to Messrs. Campbell and C°, for Hire of the Ship impressed in Virginia, from 2d October 1775 to 7 November 1776 March28, To 1Vm Tippell, for the Hire of the Brigantine

Accra, impressed in , from 2d January 1776

to 2d June following, and for the Valdeof 19 convicted Criminals taken out of her -April 10. To MelTrs. Davis, Sfrachar., and C®, for the Hire of the Brigantine A Jo/iis, impressed in from

28 April 1776 to 7 November following

11. To MelTrs. Allen, and C°, for the H ire of

the Siiip Lord Dunluce, impressed in Virginia, from 12 May 1776 to 24 Scpicmbc’ following 10. To John Park, Agent to MelTrs. Campbell and C% for One Mouth's Pay of the Ship Anna, for her heturu to Great Britain - - - *

30. To MelTrs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson, for the Value of sundry Transports, taken or dellroyed in His Majesty’s Service -,v May 22. To Messrs. BaUlero, Kendall, and C8, Merchants, for the H ire of the Ship William, impressed in Virginia, horn 16 Juhi 1775 to 7 December 1776 June 6. To MelTrs. Ed ad and Rene Payne, Merchants, for the Hire of the Brig Fincastle, impressed in Virginia, from 17 July 1776 to 7 November following, with the Allowance of One Month, for bringing, her Home -

26. To Ale.f Watson, Merchant, for the Hire of the Governor Tonyn private Ship of War, employed in East Florida, from 6 August 1776 to 13 September following -

July 3. To Meflrti. Mure, Son, and Atkinson,. Merchants, for the Value of sundry ProvisionTransports taken or dellroyed -

To Anth* Bacon, Esquire, for the Value of the Ship Happy Return, taken by a Rebel Privateer, whilst employed in carrying Coals to America, for the Use of the Forces there - -

To MelTrs. Allen, Marlar, and C°, Merchants, for the Hire of the Ship Jenny, impressed in North Carolina, for 7 Months, from 7 to 6 November 1776

18. To MelTrs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson, for the Value of certain Ships, which have been taken or destroyed in the Service of Government - -

To MelTrs. Geo. and John Wombivell, for the Hire and Repairs, Sc. of the Ship John Galley, detained at Quebec from 11 November 1775 to 10 November 1776 -

Aug. 7. To Mic/r Power and C®, for the Hire and Value of the Brigantine Diana, detained at Quebec in November 1775 -

To Tho' Macknight, for the Hire of the Snow Peggy, taken up by Governor Marlin, in North Carolina, from 13 March 1776 to 5 ^/{/following 14. To Chrijf llenderson, in full of all Claims and Demands whatever, as well for the Hire as for Da-, mage of the Ship Dunmore, impressed in Virginia, from 24 August 1775 to 17 April 1777 To Robl Hunter, Merchant, for the Detention and Hire of the Snow Edward at Quebec, from 11 November 1775 to ii May 1776 -

M95 6 8

908 2 1

4*812 8 $.

*>779 1 3

622 14

584 6 4

66 7 15 1

136 16 3

4*469 18 2

2,212 11 8

557 — —

367 *4 —

2.205 1 8

1,700 —

920 18 '4'

5*°9° 8 7

2>°53 3 6

r,i29 3 10

410 *3 4

2,103 9 if

559- 6 6

Vol. 36.-

755

T.

IS6

2° Martii.

A. 1778.

Date* of Warrants.

1777-Aug. 15.

0(3. 24.

*277-

12.

11.

10.

18.

Mnrcl\.

April ii.

May io.

July 24. Aug. 27. Nov 7. 14.

Dec. 24.

177«-

21.

July 10. Nov. 6. 21.

To Messrs. Davis, Strachan, and C®, for the Detention of the Ship Qucro, at Quebec, from 11 November 1775 to 1 May 1776 ----- 453 6 8

To Peter Perchard, Merchant, for the Hire of the

Snow Friends, employed at Quebec, from 4th November 1776 to 20 June 1777 - - - 784 8 2

To Messrs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson, for the Value of the Ship Noble, employed to carry Provisions to North America, which has been taken by the Rebels - - - 1,139 16 16

To Messrs. Graham and Johnson, for the Value, Freight, and all other Charges, of 153 Barrels, and 15 Half Barrels, of Rice, destroyed at Savannah, in Georgia - - - - 8011310

To Alex' Watson, for the Use of the Executors of Benjn Stead, deceased, for the Value, Freight, and all other Charges, of 117 Barrels of D®, taken at Savannah in Georgia, and delivered at Boston, for the Use of the Troops there ----- 566 17 7

To Mary Stead, Executrix of Benj" Stead, deceased, in full of all Claims and Demands whatever, on Account of 53 Barrels of Rice destroyed at Savantiah in

Georgia -.....- - 269 10 3

To John 2VW/, Esquire, in full Satisfaction and Discharge of all Claims and Demands whatever, on Account of 107 Barrels of D* taken and destroyed at Savannah in Georgia..... 533 x7 9

To Tho* Burfoot, Esquire, for 77,144 Gallons of Barbadoes Rum, delivered for the Use of the Forces serving in...America, according to Contract - - - 11,273 14 5

To Sir J' Cockburn, Baronet, for 16,050 Gallons of Grenada Rum, delivered for the Use of D®, according

to D® - - ... - - - 3,210-----

To John Blackburn, Esquire, for 8,209 Gallons of D®, delivered for the Use of the Forces in D®, according to D* - - - - 1,231 7 —

To Richard Atkinson, Esquire, for 37,338 Gallons of Jamaica Rum, delivered for the Use of the Forces in D° - - - - . - - 9,801 4 6

To D®, for 9,979 Gallons of D®, delivered for the Use of D* - - . - 2,619 9 9

To John Blackburn, Esquire, for 19,943^ Gallons of Rum, delivered for the Use of the Forces serving in North America, according to Contract ... 2,991 10 6

To Richd Atkinson, Esquire, for 58,698 Gallons of Jamaica Rum, delivered for the Use of the Forces in D°, according to D* - - - 15,408 4 6

To James Bogle French, Esquire, in Part of Payment, for 39,780 Gallons of Rum, furnUhed by him, for the Use of the Forces in D®, according to D® - - 7,500-----

To Sir James Cockburn, Baronet, for 34,829 Gallons of Grenada Rum* delivered to the Forces in D®, according to D® ‘ - - - - 6,965 16 —

To John Blackburn, Esquire, for 32,267 Gallons of Rum delivered to the Forces in D", according to

D° - - -.....4,840 1 —

To Ja‘ Bogle French, Esquire, in full, for 39,780 Gallons of Rum, fumished by him, to the Forces in D®, according toD® - - - 1,796 8 —

To John Blackburn, Esquire, for 20,061 Gallons of Antigua Rum, furnished by him, to the Forces in D®, according to D® - - - 3,009 3 —

To Mefli's. Adcdr and Bullock, to be by them paid over to the Wives or At tomies of sundry Artificers employed wiCanada - 279 1 6

To D®, for D® Service - - - 240 5 6

To D®, for D® Service - 242 5 6

To D®, for D® Service - - - 322 8 9

37,634 19

2,171 ig J

70,646 18 8

1,084 1 3

To

18 Geo. III. Martiu

Dates of Warrants*

1776.

Dec.

1777. March 17.

21. April 18. 3°-

To John Blackburn, Merchant, for victualling the Army and Navy at

New Providence - 68 47

May 1.

12.

June 16.

20.

27.

July 10.

18.

24.

3°-

Aug. 7.

*4-

To John Trotter, Esquire, for providing Hospital Bedding, Sic. for the Use of the Forces on Service in North America - -

To John Dalston, for Camp Eqnipage, Materials for Cloathing, and sundry Stores, provided, and sent to America, for the Service of the Army there To Thos Harley, Esquire, for sundry Materials for

Cloathing, provided and lliipped by him, for the Use of the Forces in North America To Educt Johnson, for sundry Barrack Furniture, Camp

Equipage, Materials for Cloathing, and Stores, shipped for the Forces at Quebec -To D®, For Provisions, Tents, and Oil Cloaths, shipped for the Use of the Forces in North America -

To Messrs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson, for Coals and Candles shipped at Corke, for the Service of the Forces in D®, and for Charges incurred at Corke ——

To Captain Duncan Drummond, for the Losses he sustained by a Cargo of Melasses, purchased for the Use of the Army in America -To Messrs. Watson and Ra/lUeigh, for sundry Naval Stores, shipped by them for the Use of the Army in Canada -

To John Trotter, Esquire, for Hospital Bedding, and divers Utensils, provided by him, for the Use of the Forces in Blwde Island -To D®, for D® provided for the Forces at New York and Pensacola -

To Messrs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson, for 250 Hogs-heads of Melasses, delivered by them, for the Use of the Forces in North America -To D®, for Provisions, Water Calks, Bedding, and Accommodations for Soldiers, and other Stores, supplied at Corke, to sundry Ships employed in carrying Provisions to America, for the Use of the Forces there ——

To Tho1 Harley, Esquire, for Blankets and Watch Coats, provided by him, for the Service of Foreign Troops in North America To Melfrs. Mure, Son, and Atkinfm, for Oats lliipped by them for the Use of the Forces in D®

To Messrs. Lane, Son, and FraJ'er, for a Cargo of Lumber taken for the Use of the Forces in Garrison at Boston, in the Year 1775 -

To John Ingram, Merchant, for piloting a Ship in Virginia, and for Freight of a Cargo of Rice To JV"‘ Geekie, for sundry Species of Provisions delivered on board the Ship Cherokee, in South Carolina -

To Messrs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson, for Oats, sent by them to America, for the Use of the Forces there - -

To Geo. Gregory, Merchant, for Losses sustained by him, by the burning of a House, Outhouses, Sic. at Quebec, to prevent the Rebels from taking Shelter therein ——

To Joseph Scott, Esquire, in Part of Claims for Provisions, Sic. delivered to the Forces in Ame-

rica

To Thos Harley, Esquire, for Blankets, provided for the Service of the Forces in D°

To John Shoobred, for the Value of some warlike Stores taken out of the Ship Mobille, in South Carolina ——

To Captain Thos Hutchins, for Expences on Account of Public Works at Pensacola, in West Florida

2,618 — 6

20,846 8 4

4,367 18 — 20,236 19 10 2,460 — 6

3>347 *7 8

246 10 5

5,270 4 9

1,109 11 295 11 6

2,196 6 —

9,089 2 8

2,434 5 10

13^75 6 8

300-----

353 7 —

186 19 3

8,305 7 8

342 17 6

1,800 — — 2,018 3 4

18 9 —

278 12 5

Vol. 36.

9g

757

To

2* Martiu

1778.

758

Dates of Warrants*

/ // 26.

OS. 17.

*4.

Nov.6.

n.

ij.

Dec. 5.

1778* Jan. n.

31*

Mai-Jill.

June 16.

To LieUt. General Ilaldimctndfor an Equipage as Commander in Chief in the Province of Quebec -To Messrs. Mure, Son, and for sundry

Stores and Accoutrements, provided by them for the life of the Forces in North America *

To D\ for sundry Articles of Barrack Furniture provided for the Use of D* -

To D°, for Candles shipped for the Use of D* in

D* -

To D°, for Coals shipped for the Use of D* in D% and sundry Disbursements -To Governor Tonyn, for the Purchase and keeping

up of a Schooner, for the Service of the Province of East Florida, for One Year, to the 29th of August

To Messrs . Mure, Son, and Atkinson, for Oats, sent to America for the Service of the Forces there To Captain Richd Baily, to be paid over to sundry Persons, for providing and packing divers Necessaries, for the Use of the Army in D*

To MefTrs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson, for Beef and Pork sent to America, for the Use of the Forces there -

To D\ for Candles shipped, for the Use of the Forces in D* -

To Messrs. Watson and Rajto reimburse the Expences of Provisions, Bedding, SCc. of One Company of the 62d Regiment, in their Passage to Canada ——

1,000 4 —

i6>739 8 —

13-465 2 8

2,1. 18 5

U779 9

4i7 5 —

16,099 9 7

9>371 15 4

16,633 14 —

692 :5 to

444 5 —

To Messrs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson, for sundry Stores shipped by them, for the Use of the Forces in America - - - - 37,729 8 11

To Tho> Harley, Esquire, for sundry Materials for Cloathing, shipped for America, for the Use of the

Provincial Corps serving the re 24,024------

To W* Knox, Esquire, for procuring proper Presents for the Indians

bordering on the Colonies in North America - - 6,000 —

To D% for D° Service - - - 6,500_______

July 1$.

i\n-

reb. iOi

Dec. 16. July n. Feb. 20. July 12. Feb. 20.

July 12. Dec. 16.

July 12.

To the Landgrave of Ileffe Cassel, in Part of the Monies due to him on Account of Recruits for the IlTroops in the Pay of Great Britain - - . - - - 4,000 — —

To the Hereditary Prince of HeffeCajfcl, in Part of the Monies due to him on Account of Recruits for the Troops of Hanau, in the Pay of Great Britain - 500 — —

To the Duke of Brunswick, for a Deficiency of Money granted by Parliament for the Pay of the Brunswick

Troops, for the Year 1776.....659 9 10

To D#, for the Expence of Waggons and Horses upon the March of the Two Divisions of the Troops of Brunswick, in the Pay of Great Britain, to the Place of Embarkation, in the Year 1776 - 187 19 9

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Sir Guy Carleton, for Public Services - 6,02a 18 8

To D*, for D* Service - - - 9,500 — - —

To D*, drawn by Fran? Legge, Esquire, for Public Services - - - .

To D*, drawn by Jn° Wentworth, Esquire, for Public Services - - - - 470-----

To D*, for D* Service - - - 136 — —

To D*, drawn by the Earl of Dunmore, for Public Services -

To D% drawn by WmTryon, Esquire, for Public Services ---- 1,500 — —

To D*, for D* Service - 4,000 — —

To D*, for D* Service - 3,000 — —

To D*, drawn by Philip Calbeck, Esquire, for Public Services ——

15,522 18 8

300----

600 — — 5,000 — —

8,500-----

14 to —

241,918 £

12,500

5.317 9 7

T®

*8 Geo. III.

a*

4*

75 9

Dates of Warrants.

1777.

-TC/t. 20.

7w(y 12. D 16.

/V6. 20.

///y 12.

D 161

1777*

7'e6. 20.

jfw/y 12.

Z)ec. 16.

Feb. 20.

jh//y 12.

Jbec. 16. t 20.

J 12. Feb. 20. 7u/y 12.

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Lord Wm Campbell, for Public Services - , - - 664 13 —

To D®, for I)® Service - - - - 751----

To D°, for D° Service - - - - 277 1 11

— ... ——

To D® drawn by Hugh Lord, Esquire, for Public

Services

to D’ drawn by JoJtah Martin, Esquire, for Public Services 450 — —

To D°, for D® Service - - - 800----

To Bills of Exchange drawn by R‘ Gordon, for Public Services - - - - JJ133 4 6{

To D®, for D® Service - 5,173 10 —

To D®, for D° Service ... 8,000-----

To D®, drawn by IF"' Faucitt, Esquire, for Public Services - - - 1,377 *7 —

To D®, for D® Service ... 2J290 ——

To D°, for D® Service - - 4,712 7 4I

To D®, drawn by Andrew Rainsford, Esquire, for Public Services - 757 3

To D® for D® Service - 995 3 10

To D®, drawn by John Stuart, Esquire, for Public Services 4,000 —

To D®, for D® Service - - 12,600----

To D°, drawn by Peter Chester, Esquire, for Public Services ..... 1,157 2 8

Dec. 16. To D®, for D® Service - - - - 100 ;----

1,692 41 ii 155 T4 4

*» . ;r If *

1,250 — 20,306 14 6J 8,380 4 4i

1 I

*>7527 4 16,60a — — 1,257 2 8

mi-

July30.

OS. 20. 1778. Jan. 15.

1777

Feb. 27.

April 24. Mar. 5.

Feb. 12.

July 18.

Feb.20.

July 12. Dec. 16.

*777-

Feb. 20.

July 12. Dec. 16. 1770.

Feb.20.

July 12. Dec. 16.

1/7 7-

Jan. 12.

Dec. iu.

Vo 1.. 36.

To Rob1 Knox, Esquire, to enable him to pay off Bills of Exchange, drawn by Patrick Tonyn, Esquire, Governor of the Province of East

Florida, for Public Services ... - 1,000-----

To D®, for D® Service - - 3,461 15 ij

To D®, for D® Service

s^s0 18 4l

To Jofiuh Hansard, Esquire, to discharge a Bill of Exchange drawn by Lieut. Governor Mc Namara, for the Contingencies of the Government of Senegambia - 1,450 -

To D®, for D° Service - - 4,000----

To MefTrs. Treco/hick and Apthorpe, to satisfy a Bill of Exchange drawn by Thomas Shirley, Esquire, Governor of the Island of Dominica -

To Bills of Exchange drawn by L. G. Boyd,

Lieut. Governor of Gibraltar, for Public Services there - - - 1,198 56

To D°, for D® Service - - 1*287 — 2

To D°, drawn by Valentine Morris, Esquire, for Pub-, lie Services - - - 4,272 10 —

To D®, for D" Service - - - 6,270 — —

To D®, for D° Service - - *2,450 14 8

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Lord Macartney, for

Public Services To D°, for I)* Services -To D°, for D* Service -

1,900-----

2,350-----

4,200 — —

To D®, drawn by Thomas Shirley, Esquire, for Public

Services ..... 2,000----

To I)’, for D°Service - 1,907 2 9

To D®, for D* Service 1,300 — —

5.450 -

600-----

2,485 5 8

22>993 4

8.450

To D®, drawn by John Arbuthnot, Esquire, for Public Services -

To I)*, drawn by Sir Bajil Keith, for Public Services To D®, drawn by John Clarke, Esquire, for Public Services -

5,207 2 9

300----

809 18 9

552 g 7*

81,332

6 si

*3

5i

T

To

a* MartiL

760

Dates of Warrant!.

A. 1778.

ec. 16. To Bills of Exchange drawn by John Esquire,

for Public Services - * - - 499 5 10

Feb. ig. To Zachary Philip Fotinereau, Esquire, and Sir Mei/ric-k Burrell, Baronet, for victualling the Forces in the Garrison of Gibraltar, between 28th October and 24th November 1776, inclusive v - 2,411 18 9

May 27. To D*, for victualling D® in D®, between 25 November

1776 and 16 February 1777, both inclusive .- 7,267 2 g

uly 3* To D®, for victualling D* in D®, between x 7 February

and 13 April 1777, inclusive - -- - - 4,820 4 —

io. To D®, for-victualling D®- in D°, between 14 April and

11 May 1777, inclusive ---- 2,394 13 5

t)8, 29. To D®, for victualling D® in D®, between 12 May and

6th July 1777,' inclusive - - -- * - 4,808 — 4

Towards the Expence of Provisions delivered to the British Regiments at Gibraltar, apply the Sum voted upon Estimate 1777, for that Ser- -vice - - - - 11 >68o — — *

Also the Sum voted upon Estimate 1777, for the Foreign Regiments in that Garrison - 9,364 17 *

21*701 19 3

21,044 *7 1

yune 26. To Sami Smith, Esquire, by Way of Advance on his Contract, in Consideration of his Extraordinary Disbursements and particular Services in the Province of Senegambia - - - 3,500 — —

Towards the Expence, of Provisions delivered to the Corps in Africa, apply the Sum voted upon Estimate 1777, for that Service - - - - 2,321 14 10

f)ec.

«7-

*77 6*

Feb. 8.

To Tho* Harley, Esquire, on Account of Provisions sent by him for the Supply of the Garrison of Minorca -

To Colonel Bob1 Skene, Inspector General of the Roads and Bridges in North Britain, for defraying the Expences of repairing, for the Year

1776, being for the 44th Year’s Allowance - - 500-----

Mot). I5. To D®, for Sums disburied by him, in Consequence of his Attendance on the Embarkation of tho Troops at Greenock, for America - - - 175*78

1777.

Jan. 44. To D®, for the 45 Years Allowance for surveying and repairing Roads in North Britain, for the Year 1777 - 500 — — *

Feb. 10. To the Duke of Argyll, for the like Sum expended by him on divers Occasions, for the Good of the Service in North Britain ----- 300 — —

21. To James Mafierton, Esquire, and Sir John Inglis,

Baronet, for Oatmeal, Firing, Candles, Sic. fumidled to the Garrisons of Fort William, in Lochabar,

Castle Duart, and Fort Augustus in the Barracks of Bernera, Inverfnaid, Corgarff and Braemar

Castle, and in the Garrison of Fort George, from i January 1776 to 31 December following, both inclusive 1 ‘ - - . - - - - 2,454 — 2

March 4. To Geo. Innes, Esquire, for a Bill of Exchange drawn by

him, as Cashier of the Royal Bank of Scotland. - aoi — 11

1778.

Jan. 22. To Humphry Bland Gardiner, and 7^* Kempt, for Ne-ceflaries furnished by them, for the Use of the Forces in North Britain, in the Year 1777 - - - - 2,723 2 9

i'

far. 17. To Lord Townshend, for Grass Money for the 2d Regiment of Dragoon

Guards, in the Summer 1776 - .- - - 126 5 —

To Lieut. Gen. Elliott, for D® of the 15th Regiment

of Dragoons, in D® Summer ----- 734 4 —

May 14. To the Earl of Panmure, for D® of the 2d Regiment of

of D® in D* Summer - - - _ - . - - 165 2 —

June 6. To Lieut. General Elliott, for Extra Feeding, fife, of the Detachment of his Regiment of Dragoons, in the Year 1776 - - 300 — —

08. 31. To Lieut. General Carpenter, for Grafs Money for the

4th Regiment of Dragoons, in the Summer 1777 - 126 5 —

Nov. 19. To Lord Rob* Manners, for D* of the 3d Regiment of

Dragoon-Guards, in D* Summer - - - 209 4 —

47>34? 7 3i

657 4 4

5 *

7,000 — —

6,854 1 6

To

i 8 Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants.

Mat til.

j6i

lltt'

Nov 19

To the Eairl of Pembroke, for Grass Money* for the irt Regiment of Dragoons, in the Summer 1777 -To General Mofiyn, for D° for the ill Regiment of Dragoon Guards, in D8 Summer - -

To Sir Geo. Howard, for D8 for the 7 Regiment of Dragoons, in D° Summer -To Lieut. General Johnsion, for D* for the xx Regiment of Dragoons, iu D° Summer -To Lieut. General Fi/zroy for D* for the 3d Regiment of Dragoons, in D8 Summer ..

Dec. 24. To Lieut. General Harvey, for D8 for the 6th Regiment of Dragoons, in D8 Summer.

393 7 7

265 7 6

354 2 —

126 5 —

164 8 io£

126 5 - —

*777-

7on. 13.

20. Feb. 5.

10.

19.

24.

27.

March 12.

*3-

18.

May 2. 16. 22.

30.

To Col. Morrison, for the Pay of his Two Assistants, as Quarter Mailer General, for 366 Days, from 25 December 1775 to 24 December

1776 ....." l83-----

To Rob1 Adair, Esquire, for 366 Days Pay as In-

speelor General of the Hospitals, from D8 to D8 - 549-----

To John Powelland Geo. Jn°Cooke, Esquires, for the «.

Pay of several Supernumerary Officers of Invalids, from D' to D8 -

To Lieut. General Harvey, for his additional Pay as Adjutant General, for 366 Days, from D* to D8 To Nath1 Day, Esquire, for 184 Days Pay as Commissary in Canada, from 20 March 1776 to 20th

September following -

To L cut. Col. Townshend, for his Pay and additional

Pay, as Superintendant of the Recruiting Service, to 24 December i-]-]6----

To Fleetwood Parklmrjl, Esquire, for 18/3 Days Pay as Commissary in Canada, from 30th March 1776 to ill October following -To Rob1 Gordon, Esquire, for 92 Days Pay as Commissary at Corke, from 22d November 1776 to 21 Februari/ 1777 -

To Col. Wm Faudit, for 92 Days Pay as Commis-fary in Germany, from 3 November 1776 to 2d November 1777

To Capt. Riehd Baity, for 416 Days Pay for superin-

tending the Embarkation of-Parties, Horses, Stores,

6 Cc.for the Armies in North America, from 20 January 1776 to 10 March 1777, both inclusive To MefTrs. Cox and Mair, for the Pay of 9 Surgeons Mates, belonging to the 50th Regiment of Foot,

Rationed At Jamaica, from 25 December 1775 to 24 June 1776 -

To Jit' Drummond, Esquire, for 185 Days Pay as Com-

miflary in Canada, from 30 March 177610 ill October following -

To Lieut. Col. Townsend, for the Pay of Officers employed to affilt in carrying on the Recruiting Service ——

To Lieut. Col. Wm Roy, for 182 Days Pay for superintending Stores and Necessaries sent to America, from 14 October 1776 to 13 April 1777 -To Capt. Andrew FraJ'er, for 177 Days Pay as Commissary at Dunkirk, from’n October 1776 to 5 April 1777, both inclusive -

To John Morrison, Esquire, for 267 Days Pay as Deputy Commissary in North America, from 1 1776 to 24 December following -Tb Col. Chat Rainsford, for 99 Days Pay as Commissary for mustering and embarking Foreign Troops, from 5 February 1777 to 15 May following - 297 — - — *

To Rob’- Gordon, Esquire, for 89 Days Pay as Commissary at Corke, from 2 2d February to 21 May 1777,

both inclusive - 89----

To Col. Wm Faucitt, for 89 Days Pay as Commis-

fary in Germany, irom 3 Febmaryto 2d May 1777.

both inclusive - - - -. - 445----

3,090 15 n£

I»727 II 8

1,647

368

353 IO

277' IO

9* — —

460 — —

208 — —

278 IO 6

277 IO —

m *9 2

364 — —

265 IO —

O O 10 -

V01. 36.

9«

To

7^2

Dates of Warrants.

1777*

Ju 2 5,

3-

18.

18.

Aug. 6,

8

Sept. 30% Nov. 6.

14.

J9*

28.

Dec. 11.

31*

1778,

Jan. 12

16.

2° Mar.

To Messrs. 7?o/y and Gray, For the Pay of g Surgeons Mates belonging to the 60th Regiment of Foot, stationed at Jamaica, from 25 June 1776 to 24 December following ——

To John Fenton, Esquire, for 181 Days Pay as Captain and Commander of William and Mary Castle, from 6 January 1777 to 5 July following, both inclusive - -

To Nath1 Day, Esquire for 181 Days Pay as Commissary in Canada, from 21st September 1776 to 20 March 1777 -

To Fleetwood Parkhurfi, Esquire, as D" in D®, for 182 Days, from 2d October 1776 to 1 April 1777, both inclusive ——

To John Drummond, Esquire, for 182 Days Pay as D® in D®, from D® to D® -

For the Pay of sundry General and Staff Officers in North America -To Col. Wm Faucitt, for 92 Days Pay as Commis-fary in Germany, from 3 May 1777 to 2d following, both inclusive ... -

To Lieut. Col. Townsend, for 182 Days Pay as Superintendant of the Recruiting Service, from 25 December 1776 to 24 June 1777 - -

To Messrs. Ross and Gray, for the Pay of 10 Surgeons Mates belonging to the 60th Regiment of Foot, stationed at Jamaica, from 25 December 1776 to

24 June 1777 - ....

T o John Drummond, Esquire, for 183 Days Pay as Deputy Commissary in Canada, from 2 to

1 October 1777, both inclusive - -

To Rob1 Gordon, Esquire, for 92 Days Pay as Commissary at Corke, from 22 May 1777 to 21st August following, both inclusive -

To Gregory Townsend, Esquire, for 181 Days Pay as Assistant Commissary of the Army in North America, from 3d November 1776 to 3d April 1777, both inclusive - . -

To Nath1 Day, Esquire, for 184 Days Pay as Commissary to the Army in Canada, from 21 March 1777 to 20 September following, both inclusive To Major General Faucitt, for 92 Days D® as Commissary in Germany, from 3 August 177710 2 November following, both inclusive -To Rob* Gordon, Esquire, for 92 Days Pay as Commissary at Corke, from 22d August 1777 to 21 November following, both inclusive -To Capt. Andrew Frafer, for 188 Days Pay as Commissaryat Dunkirk, from 6 April 1777 to 10 October following, both inclusive -To Col. Wm Roy, for 183 Days Pay for superin-tending Stores sent to America, from 14 1777

to 13th Octoberfollowing, both inclusive

To Fleetwood Parkhurjt, Esquire, for 141 Days Pay as Deputy Commissary in Canada, from 2d to

20 August 1777, both inclusive -

To Moses Corbett, Esquire, being His Majesty’s Royal Bounty for Four Years Allowance, to 31 December 1776, as Lieut. Governor of Jersey- - -

To Geo. Brindley, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay as Deputy Commissary in North America, from 3 April 1776 to % April 1777 -

To Peter Paumier, Esquire, for365 Days Pay as Deputy Commissary in D®, from 2 April 1776 to 2 April 1777 To Lieut. General Johnston, Parker, and Lord Adam Gordon, for their Trouble and Expence in reviewing His Majesty’s Forces in the Year 1777

To Major General Morrison, for the Pay of His Two Assistants as Quarter Mailer General, for 365 Days, from 25 December 1776to 24th December 1777 To Rob‘ Adair, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay as Inspector General of the Hospitals, from D* to D®

A.

278 10 6

181-----

362-----

273-----

273 -----"

14,015 4 — 460----

273 -

3°7 4 —

274 10 —

92 ~ —

181-----

368-----

460-----

92----

282-----

366 — —

1

211 10 —

400-----

347 10 —

547 10 ~

2>737 *0 —

182 10 —

547 to —

1778.

t

18 Geo. III.

a° Martii.

763

Dates of Warrants.

1778.

Ja 16.

22.

*3-

3i-

To Lieut. General Harvey, for 365 Days additional Pay as Adjutant General, from 25 December 1776 to 24 December 1777 - - - 1,642 to —

To John Pvicelland George Cooke, F.squires, for the Pay

of several Supernumerary Officers of Invalids, from I)" to D3 - - 1,621 12 6

To Geo. Brindley, Esquire, for 183 Days Pay as Deputy Commissary in North America, from April to 3d October 1777, both inclusive - - - 274 10 —

To John Morrijon, Esquire, for 274 Days Pay as

Deputy Commissary in America, from 25 December 1776 to 24 September 1777, both indufive - - 411 — —

To John Fenton, Esquire, for 184 Days Pay as Captain and Commander of William and Mary Castle, from

6 July 1777 to 5 January 1778 - - - - 184-----

To Lewis lichee, for establishing a Military Academy

at ChclJ'eu, One Year’s Allowancefor the Year 1777 too---

365 Days Allowance to Admiral Montagu, as Governor of Newfoundland, He. from 15 March 1776 to 14

March 1777 - 547 10 — i

365 Days Allowance to Major Hayman Booke, as Major to the late 98th Regiment, from 25 December 1776 to 24 December 1777 ---- 273 15 —

365 Days Pay of Lieut. Colonel-Birch, in lieu of a Troop, from D® to D° - 282 17 6

365 Days Pay of Major General Prefon, in lieu of a Troop, from D® to D® - - - 282 17 6

365 Days, Pay of George Monro, Esquire, as-Deputy Commissary of Stores in North Britain, to 24 December 1777 - 182 10 —

To One Y’ear’s Allowance to John Campbell, as Superintendent and Inspector of Indian Affairs in the Province of Quebec, from 2d October 1776 to 2d October 1777 - 300----

17 7 7-

Apr. 16.

To James Meyrick, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeons and Pavmasters Allowances, from 25 June 1776 to the^thqf December following - 997 15 —

To Messrs. Roberts, to enable them to reimburleD®, of the 24th, 27th, and 38th Regiments of Foot, the D* made from D®, from D® to D® - 328 17 — f

To Adam Wood, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D®, of the 31st Regiment of Foot, from D* to D®, and for the Allowance of Bread Money, from D° to

2 January 177 7.....- 192 4 9

To Messrs. Anderson and Richardson, to enable them to reimburse D® of the 42d Regiment of Foot, from i 25 June 1 j"j6to 24th December following - - 165 7 —

To Messrs. Ross and Gray, to enable them to reimburse

D® of sundry Regiments of Foot, from D® to D® - *>7369 1

To Messrs. Adair and Bullock, to enable them to reimburse D° of 4th, 25th, and 47th Regiments of Foot, from D°toD® - 273 11 10

To Messrs. lleffe, to enable them to reimburse D® of

the 37th Regiment of Foot, from D® to D* - . 96 6 10

l'o II. I. Hansard, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse

D° of the 45th Regiment of Foot, from D® to D® - 96 6 10

May 14. To Lieut. General Trapaud, for His Majesty’s Allowance towards the increased Price of Bread to the 70th Regiment of Foot, stationed in Edinburgh Castle, from 28 June 1776 to 21 December following - 276 15 —

To Edmd Armstrong, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the 8th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeons and Paymasters Allowances, from 25 June 1776 to 24 December fallowing - - 11214 4

To Edict1 Bifshopp, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D° of the 5th and 29th Regiments of Foot, from D® to D*, and for the Allowance of Bread Money - 208 5 —

June25. To James Fitter, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse

D® of the 15 and 69 Regiments of Foot, from D® to D°, and for the Allowance of D* - - - 189 15 —

38,278 4 4

VOL. 36.

T«

7$4

2° Martii.

A. 1778.

Dates of Warrants.

1777.

J 25.

Augnjt 8.

Sept.30. Nov. 24.

28.

*777*

2d.

To' kefirs. CVr and Mair, to enable them to reitnburfe the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men 6f sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeons and Paymasters Allowances, front December 1775 to 24 June 1776 -

To D®, for D®, from 25 June 1776 to 24 December following -

TcLfcfam Wood, Esquire, to reitnburfeD" of the 31st Regiment of Foot, from 25 December 1776 to 24 June 1777, and for Bread Money to the Two additional Companies, from the 15 th to 23

'Jujieiyj'j- - -.

To James Fitter, to enable him to reimburse D® of the 15th and 69th Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from D° to D°, and for Bread Money to Detachments of 15th Regiment, from .1 January to 31 May 1777-Td Messrs. Adair and Bullock, to enable them to re-Smburfe the D" of the 4th, 25th, and 47 Regiments bf Foot,' from 25 December 1776 to 24 June 1777 - -

Td II. I. Hansard, Esquire, to enable him to reim-jburfe tire D® of the 45th Regiment of Foot, from

{D® to D® - -....

T4 Lieut. General Armstrong, to-enable him to reimburse the D® of the 8th Regitnpnt of Foot, from D® jto DP, and for Bread Money of a Party of the said Regiment -

T4 James Meyrick, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse *D" of sundry Regiments of Foot, from D° to D®

Ti Messrs. Rojs and Gray, to enable them to reimburse D® of1 lundry Regiments of Foot, from D° to D® -Tb Messrs. Andersonand Ric to enable them

to reimburse D° of the 42d Regiment of Foot, from

D® to D® -....

T6 Lieut. General Trapaud, for Bread Money for the 70th Regiment of Foot quartered in Edinburgh jCaJUe, from 25 December 1776 to 23d June 1777 Td> Edward Bifshopp, Esquire, to enable him to reim-iburfe the Non-commissioned Officers and Private . |Men of the 5th and 29th Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages shade for the Surgeons and Paymasters Allowances, from 25 December 1776 to 24 June

Tb Messrs . Roberts, to enable them to reimburse D® of the 24th, 27th,-and -38th Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, front D® to D° -

L5I9 — 6

2,155 3 2

*34 17 7

188 2 it

273 11 10 96 6 10

99 I2. 2

997 x5 —

*>789 5 7

166 to 9 336 18 S

235 4 7

289 — 6

Tb the Representatives of the late Major General Scott, to replace sundry Accoutrements belonging to 26th Regiment of Foot burnt at Crown 'Point, 21 April 1773, and taken by the Rebels at Ticonderoga in

A/m/1775 -. .- .....72 13 —

Tb Major General Evelyn, to replace sundry Accoutrements^ Sic. belonging to 29th Regiment of Foot, loft by the Anv/7Transport taking Fire - - - 92 1 11

To Earl Percy to replace sundry D° of the 5th Regiment of Foot, loft in Action since their Arrival in America - - - -. - - - - 56 16 —

March 3. To Major General Majfey, to replace the Value of sundry Accoutrements, Cloathing, Sc. belonging to the 27th Regiment of Foot, loft and damaged by the John and Christopher Transport running on Shore on the Island of Sable - - - - 66

To Major General Pigott, to replace the Value of sundry D® belonging to the 38th Regiment of Foot loft in the Actions of Lexington and Charles Town, in

America, in the Year 17-75.....69136

to. To Major General Burgoyne, for providing Accou- , trements for the additional dismounted Men of His Majesty’s 16th Regiment of Dragoons - 469 12 10

To Major General Prcston, for providing D° for the 17th Regiment of Dragoons - - - 469 12 10

*3 7

I2»955 17

To

2° Martii.

18 Geo. III.

Dstos of Warrants.

J / / /

June 6. To the Earl of Pembroke, to replace thp Value of.

several Species of Clothing and Accoutrements belonging to the i (I Regiment of Dragoons, destroyed by Fire at Manchester, the 31st of May 1775 " ~ 5® 1 7

To Earl Waldegrave, to replace, fundjy Articles of Clothing and Accoutrements belonging to the Cold-Jiream Regiment of Guards, destroyed by Fire at the Sai'oyBarracks, 3d March 1776 - iyj 3

To Major General Campbell, to replace the Value of sundry Accoutrements belonging to the 35th Regiment of Foot, loft in the Action on the Heights of Charles Town, in America, on the 17th June 1775 33 3 9

25. To Lieut. Gen. Keppel, to replace the Value of fun-

dry D° belonging to the 14th Regiment of Foot, . loft or rendered unfit for Service on the Expedition to Saint Vincents, in the Year 1772, and in another Expedition in Virginia, in the Year 1775 - - *51 12 3

Tulij 28. To Lieut. General Monckton, to replace the Value. of sundry Clothing and Accoutrements belonging to the 17th Regiment of Foot, loft in Action against the Rebels in North America, on the 3d January 1777 - - - _ - 226 15

Augt/Jl 8. To Sir Wm Howe, to replace the Value of sundry Ac- ’.

coutroments belonging to the 23d Regiment of Foot, loft in A6H011 against the Rebels at in

North America, on 27th and 28th April 1777 - 36 8 —

To Lieut. Gen. lfnnston, to replace the Value of Caps belonging to the Grenadier and Light Infantry Companies of the 65th Regiment of Foot, taken by a Rebel Privateer - 45 1

Dec. 24. To Major Gen. Grey, to replace sundry Accoutrements belonging to the 28th Regiment of Foot, which were, loft in Actions against the Rebels in North America during the Campaign 1776 - - - . 104 11' 6

To Sir John Sebright, to replace sundry D° belonging to

the 18 th Regiment of Foot - - - .- 123 76

1777*

April 16.

21.

May 16. June 25.

Aug. 26.

*776-

Dec. 20.

1777-

March 3.

Vo i- 36.

To Capt. Dalnpnple, in lieu of 79 Days Offreckonings

of his Corps - - - - 325 7 7

To Sir David Lindsay, in lien of 79 Days D® for the

Additional to the 59th Regiment of Foot 116 8 9

To Major General Frafer, in lieu of 353 Days D®

for I)" of the 71 ft Regiment of Foot - - - 1,155 8 10

To Major, General Preston, in lieu of 172 Days D® for

D® of the 17th Regiment of Dragoons -. - 431 2 —

To Sir Jnr Sebright, in lieu of 140 Days D®for D>®pf

the 18th Regiment of Foot - - - . - 206 6 10

To Sir Eyre Coote, for the deficient Offreckonings of 37th

Regiment of Foot, from 6 July 1774 to 5 July 1775 95 — 4

To Sir Thor Spencer WilJ'on, in lieu of 202 Days Offreckonings for the Additional to the 50th Regiment of Foot - 297 14 6

To Lord Amherst, in lieu of 120 Days D® of the 3d and

4th Battalions of the Royal Americans - - 1,223 15 2

To John Trotter, F.squire, for providing Camp Necessaries for the Two Battalions of Lieut. Col. Maclean's Corps - - 1,004 — 4

T© Lieut. General Armfirong, for providing divers Camp Necessaries for the 8th Regiment of Foot To Lieut General Monckton, for D" provided for the 17th Regiment of Foot - -

To Sir Wm Ifoxce, for D° provided for the 23d Regiment of Foot - -

To Major General Erie, for D® provided for the 28th Regiment of Foot - - -t -

To F.arl Cormoallis, for D® provided for the 33d Regiment of Foot - - , -

To Col. Vaughan, for D® provided for the 46th Regiment of Foot - -

To Major General Pomeroy, for D® provided for the A 64th Regiment of Foot.

To the Earl of Loudoun, for D® provided for the De~-tachment of Foot Guards -

198 8 —

198 8 — 198 8 —

198 8 —

198 8 —

198 8 —

198 8 —

446 3 —

765

*»35 4

3^5* 4 —

T#

G@ogIe

7$! 4* Martii. A. 1778.

l£tte» of Warrants.

March's. To Major General Taylor, for providing divers Camp

Necessaries for the 24th Regiment ofxoot - - 198 8 — *

To Major General Mqfley, for D* provided for the 27th Regiment of Foot *. - - ' * 198 8

To Maj<|r General Pigott, for D® provided for the 38th

Regiment of Foot - - - * - 198 8 —

To the £arl of Cavan, for B® provided for the 15th

Regiment of Foot - - 198 8 —

To Lieut. General Raviland, for ~D® provided for the

45th Regiment of Foot ' - . - 198 8 — *

To Sir /. A. Ought on, for B® provided for the 31st

Regiipent of Foot - - - - 198 8 — *

17. To \John Trotier, Esquire, for P® provided for Lieut.

Colonel Maclean's Corps and Lieut. Colonel Gore-ham's - 404 17 to

23. To Majqr General Mqckay,'for D® provided for the

2ift Regiment of Foot ..... 198 8 —

To Major General Campbell, for D® provided for the

35th Regiment of Foot - - - - 198 8 —

To Major General Maitland, for D* provided for the

49th Regiment of Foot - - - - *98 8 —

To Major General Elphinjlmie, for D® provided for the

53d Regiment of Foot - - - - 198 8 —

To Major General Frederick, for D* provided for the

54th Regiment of Foot - - - - .198 8 — -

To Sir Eyre Coote, for D® provided for the 37th Regiment of Foot - - - - 198 8 —

April 16. To Earl jPercy, for D* provided for the 5th Regiment

of Foot - - - 198 8 —

To Major General Evelyn, for D® provided for the

29th EX’ - - - ... 198 8 — *

To Major General Bttrgoync, for D® provided for the

16th Rpgiment of Dragoons - - - 700 10 —

To Lieut. Col. Maclean, for D® provided for his Corps

of Foot - rr. . . 487 19

To Major General Frafer, for D® provided for the 71ft

Regiment of Foot ..... 558 19 — -

- v $P Lieut. General Hodgson, for D® provided for the

4th D® - - - . - - 198 8 —

To Sir Gy, Cqrleton, for D® provided for the 47th D* 198 8 — -

To Major General Pre/ton, for D® provided for the 17th ‘

Regiment of Dragoons ----- 825 5 3

To D°, for D° provided for D® - - 1 - - 700 10 — -

To Sir W Boothby, for D® provided for the 6th Regiment of Foot - - - 198 8 —

To Earl I.igonier, for D° provided for the 9th D® - 198 8 —

To Mdjor General Sand ford, for D® provided for the

iothD* ... ... 198 8 —

To Major General Gi/borne, for D® provided for the

16th Ds - - - - - - 198 8 —

To Major General Parker, for D® provided for the

20th D® - - - 198 8 —

To Lieut peneral Gage, for D® provided for the gad D® - - - - 198 8 —

To Lord Fred* Cavemlish, for D® provided for the 34th

- . D* - - - - 198 8 —

To Sir Rap Hamilton, for D® provided for the 40th D* 198 8 —

To Lieut. General Caity, for D"provided for the 43d D® 198 8 —

To General Abercrombie, for D® provided for the 44th

D® - - - . - - - - 198 8 —

To Sir Jn0'Clavering, for D® provided ‘for the 52d D® 198 8 —

To Col. I. tyrant, for D® provided for the 55th D® 198 8 t —

To Sir Jnu Jrzvine, for EX’ provided for the 57th D* - 198 8 —

To Col. Jor\es, for D° provided for the 6ad D* - - 198 8 —

To Major peneral F. Grant, for D® provided for the

63d D® - - 198 8 —

May 30. To Lord Jn° Murray, for D® provided for the 42$ D® 34<5 14 —

July t6. To Lord A. Gordon, for D® provided for the 20th D* 198 8 —

To the Earj of Cavan, for' D® provided for thq 15th D® 92 9 —

To Col. Prtfcott, for D*provided for the 7th D® - 198 8 —

Nov. 24. To the Ear| of JLoiidoun, for D® provided for the De-

taohmentjfrom the Foot Guards - - i - 320---

To Lieut, peneral'Moncktoil, for D® provided for the

j 7th Regiment of Foot - - - - > *73 8. "* , 1

T*

-r8 Geo. III. t? martii.

Dates of Warrants.

*777* ‘ ' '

Nov. 24. To SirlJF'" Howe, fbrvdivers Camp Necessaries provided.

for the 2.3d Regiment of Foot - - . 17,3 -r*-

f To Lord Adam Gordon, for 3)* provided for tiio 26th

D* - - 173 $ «-

To Msyor General Grey, for D® provided for the 28th

D° - - - , - r 173 8 —

To Earl Cornwallis, for D° provided for tire ,3.3d dC)® 173 8 —

To Major General Vaughan, for i)® provided for the

46th D® - - - - * . 173 8 —

To Lieut. General Pomeroy, for TJ® provided Jbr the,

64thD® - - - - - " . .* 178 8

To Sir I GuyCarle/on, for D® provided for the 47th D® 173 8 —

To John Trotter, Esquire, for D° provided for Lieut.

Col. Goreham's Corps - - - - 8810 6

To Lieut. General llaviland, for T>® provided for the

45th Regiment of Foot 173 ,8 *»

To Sir Rob1 Hamilton, for D® provided for the 40th D®. i?3 3 —

To General Abercrombie, for D® provided for the 44th

D°.....- - . - - 173 8 —

To Sir John Clavering, for D® provided for the 5 2d D® - - - 175 $

28. To Lieut. General Tayler, for D® provided for the

24th D® - <* - - - - 173 8 -

To Major General Majffey, for D®provided for the 27th.

H®..... - - . - . 173 8 —

To Major General Pigolt, for D® provided for the 38th.

D®..... r 173 8 —

To Sir J.A. Ought on, for D® providefl for the 31st D° 173 8

To Colonel Pre/cott, Tot D® provided for the 7th I)’* 173 8 —

To Lieut. General Mackay, for ^’provided for the 21st D® - - - 173 8 — *

To Lieut. General Maitland, for D® provided for the

49th D® ’ - - _ -> 173^ *"

To Lieut. General 1 for D* provided for the

53d D® - - - - r i - - * 173 8 —

To Lieut. General Frederick, for D® provided for the

54th D® - - " 1V3 8 — .

To Lieut. General Evelyn, for D® provided for the

29th D® - - - 173 8 —

To Lieut. General Sand/ord, for D® provided for ,the

lolhD® - - - v, - .173 8 —

To Lieut. General Parker, for D® provided for the 20th D® - - - 173 8 —

To Lieut. General Gage, for D® provided for the nd

D° - - - 173 8 —

To Lord F. Qavendish, for D® provided for the 34th D® 173 8 —

To Lieut. General Cary, for D* provided for the 43d D® 173 8 —

To Major Genteral Grant, for I)® provided foF the 55th - 173 8 —

D» - - . - - *73 $ ~

'I o Sir Jn° Irwive, for D® provided for the 57th D® - 173 8 —

Dec. 13. To the Earl of Cavan, for D® provided for the 15th D* 173 8 —

To Lieut. General Hodgson, for D® provided for the 4th,

- D® - - - - -173 8 —

To Earl Percy, for D° provided fot the 5th D® ’ - 173 8 —

To Earl Ligonier, for D° provided for the 9th D® - 173 8 —

To Major General Jones, for D® provided for the 6ad

D® - - 173 8 —

To Lieut. General Grant, for D® prpyided foT the 63d

D® - . - - - - *’ - - - 173 8 —

To Sir Eyre Coole, for D® provided for the 37th D® - 173 8 —

1777. ——

Feb. to T° the Colonels of the 8th, 9th, 20th, 21ft, 24th, 29th, 31st. 34th, 47th,

53d, and 6id Regiments of Foot, for has Horses for One Company of each of those Regiments ordered to Canada ilo — — ’

June 2,5» To the Colonels of the 7th and 26th Regiments of Foot, for Bat Horses for those Regiments ordered to North America - - . - - 220 — —

Feb. 10. To the Colonels of the 8th, 9th,'20th, 21ft, 24th, 29th, 31st, 34 th,

- 53d, and &2d Regim^nts of Footy forllorfes for OtJO Company of each- of those Regiments ordered to Canada 165 — — June 25, To the Colonels of the 7th and 26th Regiments of

Vet. 36.

7*7

1919$f 5-11

33®----

Fo*

768 2° Martiu

3

Date*'of Warrants.

*7'77-

Feb. xo.

May 26.

June 15.

1777*

7«n. 31.

3/ay 2. 0(3. 31. 1776. March 5.

*5-

29.

7«»<? 7.

3-

22.

7-

0<3. 23. Nov. 15.

25-Dec. 20.

1777-

/ 3.

20.

Foot, for Baggage Horses for those Regiments ordered to North America - - - ,357.10 < —

To the Colonels of the 8th, 9th, 20th, 21ft, 24th, 29th, 31st, 34th, 47th, 53d, and 62d Regiments of Foot, for 100 Days Forage Money for One Company of each of those Regiments ordered to Canada - - - 192 10 —

To James Meyrick, Esquire, to reimburse him several Sums advanced to Officers, in lieu of Bas, Baggage, and Forage Money - - - - - 244 7 — .

To the Colonels of the 7th and 26th Regiments of Foot, for 100 Days Forage Money for those Regiments ordered to North America - - 443 —

To Robert Adair, Esquire, to enable him to satisfy such Bills as are or may be drawn on him for the Pay of divers Extra Surgeons, and Surgeons Mates in the Ceded Islands, &c. - - 1,000----

To D° for D* Service - - - 1,000 — —

To D° for D" Service - - - - 1,000 — —

To D° for D° Service . - ... - 1,500 — —

To Lieut. Col. S. Torvn/hend, to enable him to satisfy such Bills as are

or may be drawn upon him for the Pay of divers Staff Officers employed in sundry Places on the Recruiting Service 1,000 — — To D* for D° Service - - - 1,000 — —

To D° for D* Service - - - - 1,000 ——

To Major General Craig, for Quarters, Coals, and Candles, provided for the lit Battalion of the First Regiment of Foot Guards doing Duty in the Tower for the Year 1776 . - - - - .

To Jane Spendlove, as of His Majesty’s Royal Bounty - -

To Major Rainsford, fov divers Necessaries furnished for the Guards in the Tower, and for the Infirmary there, for Six Months, from 29 September x 775 to 24th il/arcA 1776 - - - - ., , -

To Capt. Brifac, for Coals, Candles, Sc. provided for the Use of the

Forces in Chatham Barracks, and to the Infirmary and Guard. Rooms there, for 6 Months, to 5th April 1776 - -

To Lieut. Governor Corbet, for Coals provided for Four Companies of Invalids doing Duty at Jersey, from 25th March 1776 to 25th March 1777 - - - - ‘ - -

To Lieut. Governor Wemyfs, for Coals, Candles, Sc. provided for the Use of the Forces quartered in Editiburgh Castle, for Three Months, to 3 ill March 1776 -

To Mr. De la Fontaine, for 6 Months additional Allowance for Coals, Candles, Sc. for the Saivy Barracks, to 24th June 17 76, and for a Loss by Fire on the ld March 1776 - - - r ’ -

To Lieut. Governor IVemyfs, for Coals, Candles, Sc. provided for the Use of the Forces quartered in Edinburgh Castle, for '3 Months, to 30th June 1776 - - - . r -' -

To Lieut. Governor Singleton, for D® furnished to the Forces in -guard Fort, for 6 Months, to i\t\\ June 1776 -

To Lieut. Governor Wemyfs, for D# provided for the Forces in Edinburgh Castle, for 3 Months, to 30th September 1776 - -

To Mr. Befi, for Coals, Candles, Sc. for the Troops quartered in Dover Castle, for 12 Months, to 24th June 1776 - -To Major Rainsford, for Necessaries furnished for the Use of the Guards in the Tower of London, and for the Infirmary there, for 6 Months, to 29th September 1776 - -

To D°for D° furnished to D®, for 12 Months, to D* - -

To Col. Wm Faucitt, for his contingent Expences as Deputy Adjutant General, from 10th December 1774 to 10th December 1775 To Capt. Geo. Brifac, for Coals, Candles, Sc. provided for the Use of the Forces in Chatham Barracks -

To Messrs. Cox and Mair, to be paid to the Colonels of the 22d and 40th Regiments of Foot for the Loss of the Clothing of their respective Regiments for the Year 1775, being taken by the Rebels at Philadelphia ——

To Capt. Fran* Lemaitre,-tt> reimburse him sundry Expences incurred

in the Service of Government -To Major General Thomas, for providing Quarters, Coals, and Candles,

A. 1

522 10

881 17

% % 4

3,000 —

17

100 _ —

649 11

635 I

*75 10

170 19

-78 -

182 10

180 1

212 9

474 —

339 3

89 n

162 3

639 9

79 17 133 -

i8 Geo. III.

2° Martii.

1('9

Dates of Warrants.

1777. Jan. 24.

29-

3»-

Feb 5. *5-

21.

March 3.

10.

M-

A111'

Feb. 15.

for the Officers of the ift Battalion of the Coldstream Regiment of Guards doing Duty in the Tower, for the Year .1777 - -

To Capt. Andrew Frafer, for his Contingencies as Commissary at

Dunkirk, for the Year 1776 - - , -

To Rich*Reeve, Esquire, for his contingent Ex ponces as Deputy Pay-

master on an Expedition under Major General Clinton To Lieut. Col. Roy, for his contingent Disbursements as Deputy Quarter Mailer Gen. fg>m 25th December 1775 to 24 December 1776 To Lieut. Governor IVemyfs, for Coals, Candles, Sic. provided for the Use of the Forces quartered in Edinburgh Castle, for 3 Months, to 31 December 1776 -

To Lieut. Governor Singleton, for D® furnished for the Use of the Forets in Gafrifon at Landguard Fort, for 6 Months, to D° -To Lieut. General Harvey, for his contingent Expences as Adjutant General, from 25 December 1775 to 24. 1776 -

To Mr. De la Fontaine, for Coals and Candles provided for 6 Companies and an Half, and a Number of Recruits equal to 2 Companies, for 6 Months, to Ditto -

To Lieut. Col. Tuwnjhend, for his contingent Expences in superintending the Recruiting Service, from the 25 June 1776 to Ditto To Mary Lyon, whose Husband was killed in America, being His Majesty’s Royal Bounty, for herself and Orphan Child -To Geo. Carleton, for Expences incurred by him for the Embarkation, Sc. of Troops at Dublin in the Month of October 1776-To Lieut. General James Murray, for providing Wood and Oil for the Garrison of St.Philip's, in the llland of Minorca To Lieut. Col. O'Hara, late Governor of Senegambia, for Contingencies of that Province between 1 ft April 1771 and 31 October 1775 -

To Mr. De la Fontaine, for divers Utensils provided for the Use of the \Infirmary and Barracks in the Savoy, to 24 December 1776 March 17. To John Trotter, Esquire, for Hospital Bedding, Sc. for the Forces in Chatham Barracks ——

To Lieut. Governor Irving, for Coals and Candles provided for the Use of the Companies of Invalids doing Duty in for 12

Months, to 11 October 1776 To the Earl of Darlington, for D® provided for the Use of the Forces in Garrison at Carlisle, for 12 Months, to 24 17 ;6

To Joshua Darzoin, Esquire, for D° provided for the Use of the Forces quartered at TinmouthBarracks - - - .

23. To Capt. Rich 4Baily, for his contingent Expences as AlBflant to the

Quarter Mailer General in North America, from n September 1776 to 10 March 1777 -

10. To Andrezv Clinton, Esquire, to enable him to provide Coals and Candles for the Use of the Forces that are or may be in the Barracks at Plymouth Dock -

To Hemy Henderson, for providing and repairing Utensils for the Use of the Barracks at Portsmouth, and for furnishing Coals and Candles for the Forces there - -

26. To Patience Dutton, whose Husband was killed in America, being His Majesty’s Royal Bounty, for herself and Two Orphan Children To the Earl of Loudoun, for Slop Cloathing for the Augmentation to the 3d Regiment of Foot Guards To Mr. Rice, for Coals and Candles provided for the Use of the Barracks at Hampton Court, from 25 August 1775 to 17 February 1777 April 10. To Major Rainsford, for divers Necessaries provided by him for the Use of the Foot Guards in the Tower, and for the Infirmary there, for 6 Months, to 25 March 1777- - . - -

24. To Edward Morse, Esquire, for the Rent of a House as Chief Justice of

the Province of Senegambia, for One Year, ended 7th February 1777 -May 2. To Lieut. Col. Townsend, for his contingent Expences as Superintendant of the Recruiting Service, to 24 December 1776 To Lieut. Governor Corbet, for Coals provided for Companies of Invalids doing Duty at Jerfezjfor One Year, from 25 March 1777 -

14. To Lieut. Governor Wemyfs, for Coals and Candles, Sc. provided for the Use of the Forces quartered in Edinburgh Castle, for 3 Months, to 31 March 1777 - -

To Capt. Geo. Brifac, for D®, Sc. provided for the Use of the Forces in Chatham Barracks, and for the Infirmary and Guard Room there, for 6 Months, to <7 April 1777 ——

June 6. To Capt. Jn° Rayner, of the Bristol Man of War, to reimburse his Extraordinary Expences in taking M. G. Robert/on and his Suite from Great Britain to America --<

391 0 0 I i

4j 12 —

V- 4 — *

91 18 —

217 12 6

187 5 11

416 n —

259 i ✓ 11

352 *3 9

M3 6 8

86 *9 —

180 15

4,000 — —

94 8 3

00 c* 10 —

152 — 6

76 4 6

165 9 11

75 3

5 00 — —

96 16 2

141 18 11

401 11 9

72 18 —

627 11 6

60 — —

O CO CO 18 —

*75 11 6

219 18 6

1,062 12 10

ICO — — »

Vol. 36.

9*

To

2° Martii.

77°

Dates of Warrant*.

July 16.

1777* *

June 6. To Sir Wm Wallace, to reimburse his extraordinary sixpences in taking Sir Tho Spencer Wilson to America - - -12. To Col. Cha‘ Raitisford, for his Expences in muttering and embarking Hanau and Aiif pack droops -

16. To John Trotter, Esquire, for Hospital Bedding for the Use of the Forces at Gibraltar -

To 77/o* Harley, Esquire, for providing Slop Cloatfing for German Recruits, for the Year 1776 - -....

To Andrew Clinton, Esquire, for providing Coals and Candles, and sundry Utensils, for the Use of the Troops quartered in the Citadel of Plymouth and St. Nicholas I (land, from 25 December 177b to 24 June

1777 - ....

To Mefirs. Cox and Mair, to be paid over to sundry Persons for providing Slop Cloathing for German Recruits -

25. To John Trotter, Esquire. for providing Canvas Frocks, and (liters

Utensils, for the Use of the Troops of serving in America -

To Major WM Prescott, for the Lots of Camp Equipage, Sic. by the Wreck of the Rockingham Transport on the Coatl of Ireland, 2zd

December 1775 - -....

ToCapt. 77/0’ Baker, being His Majesty’s Royal Bounty for the Loss of the Use of his Arm at the Battlt: of Lexington, on the 19th April

1775 - - ....

To M. G. Rob1 Cunningham, for his Expences in passing and repassing Twice between Great Britain and Ireland -To CpI. Geo. Morrifbn, for his contingent Disbursements as Quarter Mailer General, from 23 December 1776 to 25 1777

To Captain Geo.Herbert, of the 59th Regiment, for sundry. Disbursements, for Invalids, on their Passage from to Great Britain

To Capt. Lawe* Parsons ,of the 10th Regiment of Foot, for the Cure of his Wounds received *at Lexington and Bunker's Hill in North America -

28. To lVm Bejl, Esquire, to reimbupfe the Extraordinary Expences incurred lall Year.to the Three Hanoverian Battalions in their Passage to Gibraltar, in consequence of Part of them being strajided at Dunkirk and the Isle of Fhe - - , -

To D®, for the contingent Disbursements of 3 Hanoverian Battalions at Gibraltar irom 25 December 1775 to 24 June 1776 ToD®, for the contingent Disbursements of D°, from 25 June 1776 to 24 December following - - - -.- -

Augujl8: To Lieut General Hodgson, for the contingent Disbursements of the . 4th Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1775 to 24 December 1776, and for Bread Money to a Party of the said Regiment Rationed at Chatham Barracks - - - - .

To Mr. De la Fontaine, for supplying the additional Companies and Recruits, the Officers and Surgeon’s Rooms in the Savoy Barracks, with Coals and Candles, for 6 Months, to 24 June*-7 -To Lieut. Governor iVemyfs, for Coals and Candles, Sic. provided for the Use of the Forces in Edinburgh CaRle, from 1 April to 30 June

1777 ....

To Lieut. Governor Singleton, for D6 provided for the Use of D°, quartered in Landguard Fort, for 6 Months, to 24 June 1777 To Lieut. Col. Townshend, for his contingent Expences as Superinten-dant of the Recruiting Service, from 25 December 17.76 to 24 June

1777 ——

14. To Geo. Gamier, Esquire, for Medicines, Drugs, and Materials, for the Use of the Forces, in the Years 1776 and 1777 -

25. To Leonard MorJ'e, Esquire, for carrying on a progressive Lift of the Officers in the Army, for 3 Years, from 1774 to

summer 1777 - -

Sept. 30. To Lieut. Collins, of the Foivey Man, of War, for his Expences in taking M. G. Jones and his Suite from. Great Britain to North America ——

To Andrew Clinton, Esquire, to enable him to provide Coals and Candles for the Use of the Forces that are or may be in the Barracks at Plymouth Dock - - - - .

03. 20. To Roj'e Philips, whose Husband was killed in America, being His Majesty’s Royal Bounty -

To Wm Rice, Surveyor of the Horse Guards', to be by him paid over to sundry Artificers, in full Satisfaction for Work done by them in Repairs, Sic. at Whitehall, the Tilt Yard, St. James's, set House, Hampton Court, &c. between 25 December 1771 and 25 December 1775 - <* - * X

A-1778.

150-----

5S4 6 —

98 4 6

1,122 19 7

365 4 7 957 4 114 8 2

i35----->

F55 3 4

300-----‘

303 10 — *38 4 $

50----

573 3 6 122 10 6

85----

2*3----

339 !9 11

231 1 —

128 l8 x

4 6

6,920 13 84

450----

150-----

5oo----

182 10 — *

"2,209 2 2J

To

iS Geo.

Pates of Warrants;

1777-oa. io.

bfov. 24. Dec. 24,

*773.

Jan. 7.

J4.

52.

21*

III. 2* Martii. 7 71

To Captain Geo. Talbot,'of the Niger Man of War, for his Ejrpences in bringing Lieutenant General Heijler from America- to Great Britain -

To Major Rainsford, for divers Necessaries furnillied for the life of the

Guards in the Tower, and for the Infirmary there* &*c. for 6 Mouths, from 2*; March to 29 September 1777 - -

To D°, for D® furnished to D°, for 12 Months, from 29th September 1776 tct 29 September 1777 - -

To Lieut. Governor tycmyfs, for Coals and Candles provided for the Use

of the Forces quartered at Edinburgh Catlle, for 3 Months to 30 September 1777 - - - ' ' -

To Capt. Geo. Bri/ac, for D" for the Use of the Forces quartered in the Barracks at Chatham, and for the Infirmary and Guard Rooms there, from 5 April 1777 to 5 OBoberfollowing -

To Tho* Bejl, Esquire, for supplying the Barracks at Dover Castle with D®, from 24 June 1776 to 24 June 1777 - - - .

To John Trotter, Esquire, for providing Hospital Bedding for the Use of the Forces at St. Vincent's, and those under Sir IF'* ip

America - _ - .

To D®, for D® for the Forces at Pensacola - -

To MeiTrs. Adair and Bulloch, to reimburse the Expences and Losses of Two Officers of the 47th Regiment, which they sustained by b@Ltig taken Prisoners, 19th May 1777, by a Rebel Privateer »

To John Poxcell, Esquire, for Mis Majesty’s Proportion of 750^ Chaldron of Coals, received at Gibraltar on the 29th October 1777, for the Lie of the Garrison there, and for the additional Expence of Freight and Insurance To Lieut. Governor* Irving, for Coals and Candles supplied to the . Forces in Guernsey -

To the Earl of Darlington, for D" provided for the Garrison of Carlisle - , - -

To Captain Ja‘ Craig, for the Expences of his Passage from A America -

To Sir lVn Montgomery, for carrying on the Recruiting Service in Ireland under Sir Boyle Roche -

To Henry Henderson, for Coals, Candles, Sic. provided for the Use of

the Barracks at Portsmouth -....

To Andrew Clinton-, Esquire, for his Allowance, and for divers Utensils furnished for the Use of the Barracks at Plymouth Dock) from 23 December 177610 24 December 1777 -

To Captain Andrew Frafer, foe his Contingencies as Qomfoiflary at Dunkirk - - - . ► . ‘

War-Office, . £.

March 2d, 1778. Barrington. _

-r-

339 3 61 18 —

196 4 6

778 14 794 8 7I

9 — . 391 7 o

7^-6

i)7*6 3 — 153 i* 9 78 8 —

84-----

4>oooo — — 1 163 19 io

’*79 t4 7

6n 8

1 i1' i 1 ' 1 it*

1,406,923 I 4J

Vol. 36.

Ah

772

2° Martii.

A. 1778

Laughton

Tythes.

Patney

Inclosure.

The Smalls Lighthouse.

An ACCOUNT of the Distribution °f£-793,3°°- IIS- 84^- Rart of the Sum of £.1,000,000 granted to His Majesty to defray any Extraordinary Expences incurred, or to be incurred, on Account of Military Services, for the Year 1777.

Dates of Warrants.

1777 March 14th.

24th. May 20th.: June nth.

26th. July 17th.

Aug. 14th. Sept. 6th.

To Thomas Harley and Henry Drummo, Esquires, to be by them applied and invested in the purchasing and Portugal Coins for the Use and Service of His Majesty’s Forces in North America.

To Ditto for Ditto Service -

To Ditto lor Ditto Service - - - - .

To'Ditto for Ditto Service - - - , - -

To Ditto for Ditto Service -

To Ditto for Ditto Service -....

To Ditto for Ditto Service -....

To Ditto for Ditto Service -To Ditto for Ditto.Service -

To Ditto for Ditto Service -

To Ditto for Ditto Service - -

To Ditto for Ditto Service -

To Ditto in Part of a Warrant for £.135,935. 6s. for Ditto Service -

c-

Wgr Office, March 2d, 1778.

£' 30,738 9 6

3,2o8 8 — *

50,000 — —

50,000 — —

50,000 — —

100,000 — —

46,512 8 4

99,660 6 6

5^,247 *9 9

52,090 2 ! v>

200,000 — —

51,367 6 7

3,475 10

793,300 11 4 n

Barrington.

Ordered, That the said Accpunts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the l louse.

Aningrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing an Agreement for discharging the Manor of Laughton, in the County of , and certain

Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Laughton, from the Payment of Tythes, or any Modus or Rate for Tythe; and for veiling other Lands and Hereditaments in the Rector of the said Parish, and his Successors, as a Compensation for the said Tythes, and in lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Turner, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Penruddock presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paliures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Parish in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Malter, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Venturers, of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill to enable the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Stroud, to establish and maintain a Lighthouse on the Rocks called 11 ic Smalls, in S George’s Channel; and

letting forth. That the Petitioners, in the Year 1775, expressed to the House their Doubt, and Experience

since increases that Doubt, whether a Lighthouse can be supported on the said Rocks; but if the said Corporation can prove, to the Satisf.dion of the House, that they can support such a Light, the Petitioners apprehend it may prove ufoful to Ships and Vessels passing between ttye Port of and Ireland, or to

the Northward of the said Rocks; but they conceive, that nothing less than lhcwing Three Lights will be sufficient to distinguish such Light from other Lights; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the Proof to be laid before the House, of the Practicability of maintaining such Light, ought to be very strong and substantial, as a temporary Exhibition of a Light is delusive, and worse than no Light, and may prove fatal to the Lives and Property -of 11 is Majesty’s Subjects; and that the Tract of Ships and YelK ts, coming from the Well ward, Southward, or Eafi.yard; to thdPort of Bristol, dogs not lie within View of the said Light, for which lleafon the Pet itioners conceive, that such Ships ought not to be subject to any Duty; And therefore praying, That, if it shall appear reaion-able to the House to grant the Petition of the Corporation of Trinity House, that no Ships or Vessels coming to, or going from, t|iis Port, except fuel) as go to, or come from, Ireland, and such as go to the Northward of the said Light, may be charged with the Duties to be imposed for the Maintenance thereof; that such Duties may be reasonable, and chargeable only whillt the said Lights are well maintained; and that the same may not be made perpetual, but be totally annihilated, in case the Lighthouse iliould be destroyed.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

10 A Bill

i8 Geo. III.

2° Martii.

773

Scarborough

Pier.

Acomb

Ificlosure*

kX)ilto»

B«rb

ladosure.

A Bill for further continuing the Duties granted by Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon*

Three Acts, made in the Filth and Twenty-fifth Years at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in

the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for Mr. Alderman Hay ley reported from the Committee, Whitechapel

enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the to whom the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of Paving* County of York, was read a Second Time. the Road called in the Parish of

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Earl of Saint Maotherwise , in the Tyrcomiel, Sir Hugh PulliJ'er, &c.: And they are to County of Middlesex, was referred; that the Committee

had examined the Matter of the said Petition: and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same Vvas read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John being examined, said. That there are

many Nuil’ances, Obstructions, and Annoyances, in the Foot Paths, on the Sides of the Road, in the said Parish;’and that it wiil be of public Utility if the same were removed, and prevented in future; and also,

Mr. Salufbury Breretonpresented to the House, ac- if the Lamps, on the Sides of the said Road, were pro-

cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a perly regulated and placed.

certain Common Moor or Tra6t of Waste Land, called Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen Acomb Common, within the Regality or Manor of Hex- who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for

ham, in the County of Northumberland: And the same paving Parts of the Foot Paths, on the Sides of the

— ’ Great Road, in the Parish of Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for removing Nnifances and Annoyances from the said Foot Paths, or near thereto, and for preventing the like for the future.

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Salufbury Brereton be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Sir Thomas Blackett, Baronet, and of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Grounds, having a Right of Common upon, or Otherwise interested in, Acomb Common.

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Timei

Mr. Powys presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Barby,

Mr. Alderman Hayley reported from the Comm ittee. Dirty i.ane, to whom the Petition of several Owners and Occupiers

In the County of Northampton: And the same was re- of Houses and Estates, in an Avenue called Dirty Whitechapel,

North Myms luclosure.

and Brick Lane, in the Parishes of Whitechapel, and Christ Church, Spitalfields, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House;

ceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common or Waste Ground, called North Myms Common or Wood, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards in the Parish of North Myms, in the County of Hert- delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same ford, was committed; That the Committee had exa- was read; and is as followeth; viz. mined, and found that the Standing Orders of the To prove, the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of John RobinJ'on, a Surveyor, being called before your Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Com- Committee, said, That it is expedient that Provision mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and should be made for paving the said Places, when they

Paving.

found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands rated to the Land Tax at /. 88 per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands, having Right of Common, are rated at £. 2,212. x5.*. per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then

are widened, and for maintaining such Pavement iu future.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for widening and improving Dirty Lane, and Part of Brick Lane, leading from Whitechapel to Spitalfields,. in the County of Middlesex, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for paving the said Places when widened. ~

Mr. Alderman Hayley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of Houses, and other Estates, in Dirty Lane, and Brick Lane, in the Parillies of Whitechapel and Christ Church,

Ditto.

a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Spitalfields, in the County of Middlesex, and of several

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Her t ford, &c. Roads.

A Rill for enlarging the Term.and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the East End of the Town of Hertford, in the County of

Inhabitants of the said Lanes, and of other Parts of the' said Parillies, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed hirp to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tablej Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said . Petition, Mr*

Hertford, through Wat ton, to Broadwater ;and from John examined, said, That if the said

the Town of Ware, through Watton, to the North Lane, called Dirty Lane, and such Part of Brick Lane End of the Town of Walkern, in the said County, was as leads from Dirty Lane to Church Street, Spitalfields, read a Second Time. w’ere widened, it would open a very useful Communi-

Resolveed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Plumer, cation from the Great Road, called the High Street, Vol. 36. 9 L Whitechapel,

774

Whitechapel, near the Church, to Spit alfields Church, and from thence to Moorfields, and would be of public Utility.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London Common Council

assembled, relative to an Opening from Moorfields to Bi/kopfgate-Street, is referred.

1778.

in this Kingdom, which are not the Produce or Manufacture of the BrilijhDominions, was read a Second Time.

Refblved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

ReJ'olved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upofi the said Bill.

2° Ma r tii.

Whitechapel Mr. Alderman Haylcy presented to the House, ac-Paving. cording to Order, a Bill for paving Parts of the Foot Paths, on the Sides of the Great Road in the Parish of Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Obstructions, Nnifances, and Annoyances therein, and near thereto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vorthaiierton, Mr. Daniel Lofcelles reported from the Committee, Road. to whom the BiH for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for widening and repairing the High Road leading /rom Northallerton to the South Wall of the Church Yard of the Town of , and from the South Raft End of the Street called in Thirsk aforesaid, to and through the Town of Eafingivould, in the County of York, to a Place called Burton , near the City of York; and also the Road from Thirsk aforesaid to Topcliffe, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read througliout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Landing A Bill for the Relief of the Captors of Pri2es, with Prise Goods. to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods

Mr. Gascoyjie, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

N° 1. Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Island of Saint John, in America, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the ill of January 1778 to the ill of January) 1779: And also,

N° 2. Estimate of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1778: And

also,

N° 3. Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1777 to the 24th of June 1778: And also,

N° 4. Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1777 to the 24th of June 1778: And also,

N° 5. Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th'of June 1777 to the 24th oljune 1778: And also,

N° 6. Estimate of the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North,

for the Year 1778: And also,

N° 7. Estimate of the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishment of the Government of Senegambia, on that Part of the Coast of Africa, situate between the Port of Sallee, in South Barbary,. and Cape Rouge, for the Year 1778.

Together with a List of the said Estimates.

And the said Lift was read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

Estimate*,

Jcc.

prekattd.

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Island of Saint. John, in America, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the ill of 1778 to the ill of January 1779.

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief ..... 1

To the Salary of the Chief Justice -

To the Salary of the Attorney General -

To the Salary of the Secretary and Register - > -

To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands -

To the Salary of a Minister of the Church of England -

To the Salary of the King’s Agent - ....

To the Salary of the Clerk of the Crown and Coroner - -.

To the Salary of the Clerk of the Council ——

To the Salary of the Naval Officer - -

To the Salary of the Sheriff or Provost Marshall -

To the Salary of a Schoolmailer -

To an Allowance for a private Secretary, and for Dispatch Boats to and from the Continent, and also for Stationary, Fire Wood, fife. - - . - -

To an Allowance upon Account of Fees to be paid upon Orders for the Receipt, and upon the Issue of the Monies granted upon the last and present Years Estimate -

£. s. 4.

,000----

400-----

200-----

300-----

180-----

150-----

150-----

120 — - —

80-----

100-----

100-----

50 — — *

170-----

200 — —

L

3,200 — —

775

18 Geo. III.

a* Martii.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majestjr’*

Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1778.

To an additional Salary to the Governor -

To a Salary to the Chief Justice -

To a Salary to the Attorney General -

To an Allowance to the Secretary, for himself and Clerks -

To an Allowance to the Naval Officer ——

To an Allowance to the Register - -

To an Allowance to the Surveyor of Lands, and for other contingent Expences attending that Establishment - -

To the Salaries of a Secretary and Messenger to the Council -

To the H ire of a House, and other contingent Expences attending the Secretary’s Office -To sundry Stipends and Allowances for House Rent to the Ministers and Schoolmasters in the different Districts of the Province - -

To an Allowance for Fire Wood for the Ufa of the Governor’s House and public Offices To the Expences of a Pilot Boat -' - - - ’ -

To the Salary of the Agent ——

To the Salary of the Treasurer ——

To the Expence of the Orphan House -

To an Allowance to Mrs. How, who, after long and meritorious Services of her late Husband, is left destitute, under Age and Infirmity -

To an Allowance for a Magistrate in the Bland of Breton -

To an Allowance in Aid of the Duties granted by the Legislature of Nova Scotia for the Maintenance and Support of a Light House near the Entrance of the Harbour of Halifax ——

To an Allowance, upon Account, for Fees to be paid upon Orders for the Receipt, and upon the Issue, of the Monies granted upon this Estimate - .

To Michael Franklin, Esquire, Superintendent of Indians in the Province of Nova Scotia -To Mr. Burrowi, to reimburse his Expences in executing a Commission by Order of the Governor -....

£ s.

500

500 —

182 10

262 10

182 10

182 10

321 15

96 12

5* 6

440 —

288 1s

d.

203 1 —

200 — — 50 — — 384 5

100 — — 100 — —

100 — —

J5o----

300----

105----

4*7°1 10 *

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of and other incidental

Expences attending the fame, from 24th of June 1777 to the 24th of June 1778,

To the Salary of the Governor a -

To the Salary of the Lieut. Governor " - -' -

To the Salary of the Chief Justice ' -

To the Salary of the Secretary - - - - ’

To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands " - - - - .

To the Salary of Receiver General of Quit Rents To the Salary of the Attorney General -

To the Salary of the Provost Marshall -

To an Allowance for a Minister of the Churbh of , and Two Schoolmasters

To the Salary of the Agent for the Affairs of the Colony -

To an Allowance for Fees - + - *

£ d' 1,000 — — *

OOOO --- — ~

500 ---

IOO — *"

150-----

IOO — —

150-----

IOO — — ri6 — — 200 — —

*5Q---- I

2,866 — — *

t '

VOL. 36.

Vi-1

776 a* Martii. ^.1778,

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Province of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1777 to the 24th of June 1778.

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief - -

To the Salary of the Chief Justice - < - -

To the Salary of the Attorney General - - - - *

To the Salary of the Secretary and Clerk of the Council To the Salary of the Register -

To the Salary of the Receiver General of the Quit Rents ". - ’ - - .

To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands - *

To an Allowance for an AJTistant -

To the Salary of the Agent - -

To a Minister at St. Augvjline - - - - -

To a Minister at Smyrna - - - ' ' »

To a Schoolmaster - -

to the Salary of the Provost Marshall - - _

To an Allowance for a Pilot established at St. Augustine To an Allowance for unforeseen Expences, and for the Purchase of a proper Aflbftment df Goods for Presents to the Indians, and other contingent Expences relative to that Service - - - - .

s.

A'

1,200

5 00 150 150 too 100 120

3°

200

100

loo

5°

106

50

2,000 —

4,95° —

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1777 to the 24th of June 1778.

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief

To the Salary of the Chief Justice -

To the Salary of the Attorney General

To the Salary of the Secretary and Clerk of the Council , .

To the Salary of a Register - .

To the Surveyor of Lands, and an Assistant - . - -

To jthe Salary of the Agent _ - -

T.o the Salary of a Minister at. Pensacola.

To the Salary of a Minister at Mobillc . - - - -; _> . - -

To a Schoolmaster at each of the above Places, at£. 25. each. - -

To. the S;dary of the Pcovoft.Marshall . - - - . -

To an Allowance ior unforeseen contingent Expences^ and for a Purchase of a proper Assortment of Goods for Presents to the Indians To. the Salary of the Receiver General of the Quit Renta.

1,200-----

500----

150----

150- — .-» 100 — — 150 —

200 ---- w-

100 — — 100 -

50 - — -

100 — —

2,006 - — — 109 — —

4,900 — —

hii-1 -14 i 1 n

2° Martii.

777

18 Geo. III.

1

ESTIMATE of the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America,

for the Year 1778.

To an Allowance to a Deputy Surveyor of Lands at Quebec, during the Time Major Holland, Chief Surveyor of the Northern District, is employed in His Majesty’sService To John Peachy and Roger Mall Holland, Two disabled Soldiers* left to take care of the Instruments, for their Subsistence, at u. 3d. perDiem each -

To Mr. George Derbage, Assistant to Major Holland, he being now in; at 5 per

Day..... -

To an Allowance upon Account of Fees to be paid upon Orders for the Receipt* and upon the-Issue, of Monies granted upon the Estimate -

To an Allowance for defraying the Expence of making Copies, for the Use of the public Offices, of the Maps and Plans returned by the Surveyors, and for preparing them for Publication -

To Joseph Frederick Wallet Des Barres, Esquire, on Account of his Expences in engraving and publishing several Plates, from Surveys taken of different Parts of the Coast of North America, being Part of a General Work, undertaken by the Direction of Lord Viscount Howe ——

100 -

45 15 — 91 5 — '

400 — — "

100 — —

1*835----

2,372 — —

ESTIMATE of the Expence v-of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishipent of the Government of Senegambia, on that Part of the Coast of Africafituate between the Port of Sallee, in Barbary,

and Cape Rouge, for the Year 1778. s.

4m

To a Salary to the Governor -

To a Salary to the Chief Justice - - .* ' -: -

To a Salary to the Superintendent of Trade at Jambs Fort, in the River Gambia

To a Salary to the Secretary of the Province - - -: - -

To an Allowance to Two Ministers - - - - , . ?

To an Allowance for a Schoolmaster at St. Lewis -

To a Salary to the Secretary for Moorish Affairs - -

To an Allowance for Repair of Forts, and other contingent Expences -

To the Expence of an armed Sloop to be employed under the Comnband of the Governor

To a Salary to an Agent for the Affairs of the Province r *

£. s. d.

2*200

- 400 — — -

m 200

- 200 — *

- 200 —

50 -

- IOO — — *

- 2,000 — — -

1,000

m 200 *

5»55 — —

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Farringdoiv A Petition of several of the -Trustees appointed in and by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighth ’ Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for continuing the Terms of several Acts, made in the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, and " in the Seventeenth.and Thirty-second Years of his

' VoL. 36,

" late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading " from and through Chippenand from Chip-

" penham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and for " amending the said Acts, and reducing them into " One Act of Parliament," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees appointed by the said Act, and in the former Acts therein recited, have borrowed, upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, the Sum of £. 3,900 9 M and

77 8

2° MartiL

A. 1778.

and upwards, which they have expended in repairing the said Roads; and taking Notice of the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from, the Town of in the County of Berks, to the Town of and from

thence to the Town of Maln in the County of Wilts, and the Road from thence to join the Turnpike Road at A Hon Turville, in the County of Glou-

cester;and also the Road from in the said

County, through 'fllaltnesbury aforesaid, to Bridge; and also from Sherfione, to'join the Turnpike Road leading from Tetbury to and for ^granting Author Powers for amending those Roads, and for amending the Road from a. Place near Jackaments Bottom, in the Citiencester and Turnpike Road, through CrudxoelL, and other- Parities, to The . High Gross, in Malniesbury aforesaid r and alledging, -That

if the said Bill should pais into a Lawi in the Marnier in which it now Hands, there arecertam Clauses therein which the Petitionbrsapprehehdmayeventoallyoperate as a Repeal of so much of the said Act of the Eighth Year of l |is -prefect Majesty, as relates to the Road between the! Eait End of Chippenham and

lower Staunton, therein mentioned, at the Discretion of the Trustees to be appointed by the said Bill; and that the Petitioners- have built Two Stone Bridges over dangerous Waters eroding the said District of the said Road, and h«tye expended the Sum of £.300, and also the Tolls arising thereon, except a small Balance how in the Hands of their Treasurer, in Reparation of the said District of Road, and are making further Progress in the Repairs thereof; and that they have also expended the Sum of £.300, in Reparation of another District of the said Road, leading from the East End of Chippenham Bridge, to join the Turnpike Road at Dracott Ceme, and also all the Tolls arising from the said District, except a small Balance in the Hands of their Treasurer; and that, if the said Bilt'fttehhf jfels ‘inch'd4‘Law, "With the‘1Clauses before ^ude^ t^ Uw T^fte^s to be tljereby appointed ;mjght erect a Toil Gate in such a Situation, between the present Toll Gate and Chippenham Bridge, as to col-left Tolls from Persons travelling on the said District of Road leading from the East End of Chippenham Bridge to DracottCeme, by Means whereof the Public

would be obliged to pay an additional Toll for travelling on a small Part of the said Road only, which the Petitioners conceive would be very unreasonable, and would tend to dimmish the Security of the Persons who -have ad vancfed -Money on the Gredit-of the said Act-mentioned District of Road, amR the Jitterefi of ♦he -Petitioners, as Trustees, \*euld be thereby other--wife greatly aifefted: And therefore praying, That ♦hey-may be heard,-by Gounfel, against such Parts of ♦he-feid Bill, as may affect the-Roads which are-committed to their Care, by-the said Act of the -Eighth Year-of His present Majesty, of that the Petitioners may have inch Relief in the Premises as to the House

inn 11

ffTHTT IvTUxXI J lvlW/4

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill Is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it he an Instruction to the said Committee, that -they do admit Counfol to he-beard,- at the feme Time, in Favour of the said Bill, ,against the said Petition.

A, Bill for dividing and inclosing the , Open fields. Meadow's, Common Pastures, and other, Commonable Lands and Grounds,- iuthq Consolidatedi Parishes of Siddington Saint Peter, and Siddington the Caunty ot Glouce/cf, and for takfog down the

Rectory Church of Saint Mary, within the said Parishes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whit Shed, Mr. Townshend, kc.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr: Chester presented to the House, according to Sutton Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and unH<j' Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the iuc ulUfe' Parish of Sutton under Brails, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Tirtie.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Aningrafted Billfor dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Frampton the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, and all *nj' other Commonable Lands, in the Tythings of ilicj0fo4.

and Hayleu, in the Pafish of Sapperton, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do paf6: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, and all'

Other Commonable Lands, in the Tythings of Frampton and Hay lei), in the Parish of Sapperton, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. - Chefierdo earry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for continuing and amending an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, by Hutton Hall, over Skelton and Castle Sowerby Mid Sebraham Bridge, to Chalk Beck, in the said County; and also the Road which branches and separates from the same Road, upon CajileSowerby PaJ'~ turc aforesaid, and leads from thence through otherwise Hejcet-Newmarkct, to Caldbeck, in the said

County, Was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James

Lowther, Mr. Stanhope, kc.:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Preservation to restrain Apprentices, Tradesmen, and other un- of 9:im* qualified Persons, from destroying the Game in that scollan-’. Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for granting to Proprietors of Lands in Scotland further Powers with regard to- killing-of Game: And that Sir bald EdnuMifione, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Johnstone, the Lord Advocate erf Scotland, Mr. Wemy/s, Colonel Pringle,

Colonel Livingstone, Colonel Laiorie, and Mr. William

Steward do prepare, and bring in, tlte lame.

Mr. Baldwyn prefeinted to the House, according to H:n<Wk

'Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons In^ofure* or Waste Grounds within, the Parish of Hiy/lock, in the County of Salop: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That an Act made in the H'ghwaysj Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce Inquiry.

" into One Act of Parliament, the Statutes now in " being for the Amendment and Preservation of the " public Highways, within that Part of Great Britain " called England,'OiaA'ior other Purposes," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly. '

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and re-

*9

djace

f B:rch* Brook, 5rc. Road.

Clifton upon Calder lodofure.

Galley

Corner

Road.

Achurch and Li 1 ford Exchanges, See.

Lea Bridge Roads.

Bristol

Theatre.

Exportation

of

Theat Fleer,

fcc.

18 Geo. III. a0 Martii. 779

" duce into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws Then the iloule resolved itself into the said Coinnow in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in mittee.

" that Part of Great Britain called England, and for Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

" other Purposes," might be read. Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Com-

And the same being read accordingly; mittee.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to en- - Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair* quire into the Management and Application of all such Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee)

Sums of Money as have been collected within Ten That they had come to a Resolution 5 which they had Years last pall, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Par- directed him to report, when the House will please liament, for repairing any particular Highway or High- to receive the same.

ways, and to report the Matters, as they shall appear Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow to them, together with their Observations and Opinion Morning, thereupon, from Time to Time, to the Hottfe,

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Charles Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Whitworth, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mu- ,*’dnJr To-nrorrovv Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the tiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of Defends,

Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend fof the Army and their Quarters, was committed, be now

Persons, Papers, and Records; and ail who come received. 1

to the Committee are to have Voices. , . Sir accordingly reported from the

find Committee, the Amendments which the Cotri-A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pecheltand Mr. mittee had made to the Bill; and which they had di-Eamcs: reeled him to report to the House; and he read the

Mr. Speaker, Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered-the Bili,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Act for repairing and widening the Road from 7 he the Amendments were Once read throughout; and Birches Brook to Buildwas Bridge, and from thence then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

to join The Walling Street Turnpike Road, at Tern Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by

Bridge, in the County of Salop; without any Amend- the House.

ment: And also. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An ingrossed.

Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and

Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Clifton upon A BiH for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Calder, in the West Riding of the County of York; Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain *n<* without any Amendment: And also, called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty- 01 Dg*

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and

Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of three Acts, of Seventy-eight; and for filling up Vacancies in the

the Third and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King Militia in the Cafes therein mentioned, was read *

George the Second, and the Tenth Year of the Reign Second Tiipe.

of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading Refo That the BHl be committed, from Galley Corner, adjoining to Enfield Chace, in the Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

Pari ill of South Mims, in the County of Middle/ej, to of the whole House.

Lemsford Mill, in the County of Hertford; without Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, Morn-

any Amendment: And also, ing, refoLve itself hjto a Committee of t^ie w^ole

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An House, upon the said Bill.

Act for taking down the Paijfh Ghurqh of Li ford,

being a Vicarage united to the Rectory of Achurch, OrdThat the Order of the Day, for the Hdufp Maflacb.set’t in the County of Northampton; and for repairing the to resolve itself into a Committee of the whble ffdtlfe, ®*y

Parish Church of Achurch aforesaid; and for other Purr upon the Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the four- Government,

poses therein mentioned; without any Amendment; teenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

And also, " An Act for the better regulating the Government of

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An " the Province of the Massachuset's Bay, in New Engs

Act to continue and enlarge ihe Terrti and 'Powers " land," be now read.

of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reigp And the said Order being read accordingly;

of King George the Second, for building a Bridge over The House resolved itself into the said Committee,

the River Lea, at or near a Plage called Jeremy's Ferry i Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

and for making, repairing, and widening, ‘Roads from Mr, Frederick Montagu took the Chair of the Cpm-

thence into the great Roads at Snarr/brook, in the County mittee.

of Effeur, and at Clapton, in the (bounty of Mrddlefe,t, ‘Mr. ^Speaker 1‘efumed the Chair,

without any Amendment: And also, -; Mr. Frederick MontagureportedfrpmtfyeComftilttee,

The Lords have agreed to the BiH, nntitiiled, An That they had gone through the Bill, arid made several Act to enable His Majesty to license a Theatye in the Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him City of Brifol; without any Amendment. 1 ’ to report, when the House will jdeafe to receive she

And then the Messengers withdrew.: fame. "* ’

' Order That the Report be now received. ;: '* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Mr. Frederick Montagu accordingly reported from to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, the said Committee, the Amendments which the Com-to consider of allowing the Exportation of Wheat mittee had made to the ‘ Bill; and which they had Flour, Bread, Bifcnit, and Pease, to the Island of directed hiip to report, to the House; and he r£ad the Newfoundland, for the Benefit -of the British Ffthery Report in his rlfee; and afterwards delivered tire Bill, carried on there, be now read. with the Anjendrrlents, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where

And the said Order being read accordingly; the‘Amendipents were *Quee read throughout; and

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the mittee, that they do consider of allowing-the Exporta- Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by tion of Wheat Flour, Bread, Bifcnit, and Pease, to the House.

Nova Scotia, Bity Chaleur, and Labrador, for the Bene- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be fit of the Britfh Fishery carried on in those Parts.' ingrossed.

- Vot. 36. A Bill

780

a#-rr39 M

A. 1778.

A Bill to explain an Act, passed in the Seventh Exchan re. Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more efl'eftual preventing the forging the Acceptance of Bills of " Exchange, or the Numbers, or principal Sums, of " accountable Receipts for Notes, Bills, or other Securities, for Payment of Money, or Warrants, or " Orders, for Payment of Money, or Delivery of * Goods," was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

1 Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Registering The House was moved, That an Act, made in the *HpnCe* Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, - in-0 orn* tituled, " An Act for registering the Prices at which " Com is fold in the, several Counties of Great Britain, " and the Quantity exported and imported," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and amend the said Act: And that Mr. Whitbread, Mr. Poxonall, Sir George , and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Commissionert Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third spe*ce°CiS fading of the Bill, now ingrossed, to enable His America. Majesty to appoint Commissioners, with sufficient Powers, to treat, cpnfult, and agree, upon the Means of quieting the Disorders now subsisting in certain of the Colonies, Plantations, and Provinces, of North America, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill: by wpy of Ryder, declaring, That the Powers , thereby given to His Majesty, of appointing Comm if*, sioners to suspend Acts of Parliament, jfh all not be 4tawn intp Example for the future. r.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being pro poled, That the said Clause be brought lip;

The House was’moved. That an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign ,of King Charles the j Second, intituled, " An Act for a free and voluntary " Prelent to His Majesty," might be read.

\ And the same was read accordingly.

Then (he Question.being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

fle/olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be," An Act to enable His Majesty to appoint Commissioners, with-sufficient Powers, to treat, consult, and agree,"upon the Means of quieting the Disorders. now subsisting in certain of the Colonies, Plantations, aqcb Provinces, of North, America-,

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

American Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Declaratory Reading of the BilL now ingrossed-, for declaring the Blll‘ Intentions of the Parliament of Great Britain, concerning the Exercise of the Right of imposing Taxes within His Majesty’s Colonies, Provinces, and Planta-, tions, in North America, be now.re^cL.

And the said Order being read accordingly; t

' . The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass,:., And that the Title be. An Act for removing all Doubts and AppreUen-fions concerning Taxation by the Parliament of Great Britain, in any of the Colonies, Provinces, and Plantations, in North Americp and the West Indies; and for ^repealing so much of an Act, made in the Seventh,

Year of the Reign of I lis present Majesty, as imposes a Duty on Tea imported from Great Britain into any Colony or Plantation in America, or relates thereto.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the MalucHifct’s Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty‘a Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better regulating the Goe " vernment of the Province of the Majfj'aclmfet’s Bay,

" in Nciot England," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majdtv’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better regulating the Govern-": merit of the Province of the 11 jet's Bay, in

" Neto England."

Ordered, That Mr. Potvys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire, their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this Ilorise be given to Dr. Vvfe the Reverend Doctor Vyfe, for the Sermon by him thauked. preached upon Friday lait, before this House, at Saint Margaret's, Westminster; and that he he desired to print the fame: And that the Lord and the Lord Westcote do acquaint him therewith.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ww Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the and whole House, to confuler further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majest y.

Supply.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of (he whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow . Morning, Ten of the Clock,

MartiSyZ* die Martii;

Anno 18* Georgii IIItU‘Regis, 1778.

Praters.

t 1

MR. Page reported from the Committee, to whom Hnntfpfll the Bill for annexing a Portion of the Rectory, Hcdory. and of the Rectory Manor thereto belonging, of -HuiitfpiH,in the County, of Somerseto the Office, of

Master of Baliol College, in Oxford, was committed;

That the Committed had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee-had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him torepqrt to the House i and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with tb# Amendments, in.at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then u Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed: ~

Sir John Palmer reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Open Meadow's, Common Pastures, ami Common Grounds, within the Parish of Kegworth, in the County of Leicester, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Master, Fellows, and Scholars* of ChrijrsCollege,\nthe\J n iverfity of Cambridge, Patrons of the Rectory of Kegworth, in the County of lu-icester (con-neftedly w'ith the Right honourable Frederick Augustus. Earl of Berkeley, under certtunRestrictions) w as referred;

That

Kr^'ronli

Inclcjsure.

18 Geo. III. 3° Martii. 78 r

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Ordets of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said Petition, and had also heard Coun-fel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Biff, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Acres of Open Land, and 1 Acre of Old Inclosure, and 3 Cottages and an Half, who could not be found; and except the Owners of 1 Yard Land, and Acres apd an Half of Open Land, and 3 Cottages, who declared themselves neuter; and except the Owners of 1 Yard Land, and 3 Acres of Open Land, and 2 Acres of Old Inclosure, and 2 Cottages, who refitted to sign the Bill; and also except the Matter, Fellows, and Scholars, of College,

Cambridge (who, upon any Vacancy of the Living of Kegworlh, nominate Two Fellows of the said College, of whom the Earl nf Bpresents One) who refused to sign the BUI; and that the whole Quantity of Open Lands amounts to 103 Yard Lands and 8 Acres, the Number of Acres of Old Inclosure to 160, and the Number of Cottages to 57) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the I loul'e; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterward'delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Hardwicke The Earl Vemeyreported from the Committee, to

Inclosure. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Township and Liberties of llardivicke, in the County of Buckingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they harl directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be fngrofled.

Billingtfay A Bill for authorizing the Commissioners appointed

Drainage. |>y an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for draining and improving Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Billinghay, in the County of Lincoln, to raise

and complete certain Banks and Works, which are now under the Jurisdiction of the General Commissioners for draining Lands on both Sides the River Witham; and for reimbursing the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds all such Money as shall be expended therein, not exceeding a Sum to be limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Benyon, Mr. Frederick Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Vol. 36.

A Petition of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace MiddWex for the County of Middlesex, in the General Seffioti of the House

Peace of our Lord the King, fhokten in and for the said County, on Monday the 16th Day of Febtuaty 1778, assembled, was presented to the Hotife, arid read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for completing the Bridge cross the River " Thames, from Blackfriars, in the City of London, to " the opposite Side, in the County of Surrey, and the " Avenues thereto on the London Side; for redeerning the Tolls on the said Bridge and on London " Bridge; for-rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate, in the tf said City; for repairing the Royal Exchange, within " the fame; for embanking Part of the North Side " of the said River, within certain Limits; and for further continuing towards those Purposes thelmposition of Six Pence per Chaldron or Ton of Coals " and'Culm imported into the Port of the said City,

" established by an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years " of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary " and also for carrying on the new Pavements in the " City and Liberties of Westminster.and Parishes adjacent, and in the Town and Borough of Southwark,

" and for other Purposes therein mentioned," the Sum of £. 156,000 was allowed to be borrowed, for the purpose of carrying on several public Works therein mentioned; and, in order to establish a Fund for repaying such Sum, the Duties on Coals and Culm imported into the Port of London were further continued to Michaelmas 1831; and that £. 50,000, Part of the before-mentioned Sum of £. 156,000, was, by the said last mentioned Act, directed to be applied ill rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate, and other Purposes relative thereto; and £. 10,000 were given to the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts passed for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the City and Liberties of Westminster, and other Places in the said Acts mentioned, to enable them to execute their Trull; and further setting forth. That it appears by the Voles, that the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, have petitioned for Power to raise a further considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Surplusses to arise from the said Fund charged upon the Duties on Coals and Culm, to be applied in completing the rebuilding of Netvgalc, building a Session House, and' doing other Public Business, alledging, that the whole Debt charged upon the said Coal Duties will nevertheless be paid off long before the Time allowed by the said Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty; and that after the Appropriation of the said further Sum of Money, to the Uses prayed by the Petition of the said City of London (if the House shall think proper to comply with the fame) there will still remain a considerable Surplus arising out of the said Fund; and that there are Two Houses of Cor rest ion for the County of Middlesex, the One in the Parish of

James, Clerkenwell, and the other in the Parish of Saint Margaret, Westminster, both which Buildings are very old, ruinous, and insecure, and far too small for the Purposes to which they are now applied, as well even as for those of their Erection; and that the Gaol belonging to the Justices of the Peace for the said County, called New Prison, situate in the Parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell, although lately repaired at a great Expence, is also too small for the Uses to which it is appropriated; and that the County of Middlesex, from peculiar Circumstances, is burthened with many heavy Charges, in a far greater Proportion than other Counties; and that (he moll considerable Part of the said Duties on Coals arises from the Consumption of that Article within the said County of Middlesex, wad is consequently paid by the Inhabitants thereof: And therefore praying, that the Petitioners may be impowered to raise, on the Credit of the last mentioned Surplus to a»ife Qut of the said Fund* after Payment

9 N «f

Wlntftable

Oyster

Fishery.

Whiffle

Bridge

Roads.

Northallerton,

&c.

Road.

7&2 Martit. id. 1778.

of the Monies already charged thereon, a certain Sum of Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Lufcelles do carry the Bill

Money, for the Purposes of rebuilding the said Houses to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, of Cor region for the said County, as also to enlarge the

Gaol or Prison called New Prij'on, or that the Petition- Mr. Combe reported from the Commit ce, to whom Glastonfeiry era may have such other Relief as to the House shall the Petition of Henry of the City of Incl®f"rf»

appear reasonable. Esquire, Lord of the Manor of and Ed- c'

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the garly, and of the Liberty of Tioelve

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- in the County of the Reverend

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Pratt, Minister of the several Parities of shall appear to them, to the House: and Saint Benedict-, alias in the Town of

... And it is referred to Mr. Tufned, Mr. Whitworth, Glajhmbttry, in the said County; Francis Card, Esquire,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Mayor of thfe said Town of

Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber;‘and Rocke, John Fn/, Senior, John Fry, Junior, John

have Power to feud' for Persons, Papers, and Re- Payne, John Fijiier, John Strode, William

cprds. 1 William Met ford,

:< Smart, John Fear the Elder,

Mr. St.John prefeoted to the House, according to Iioyte, Joseph Reeves, Junior, and William

Order, a Bill for more effectually securing the Oyster, Swanton, Freeholders in the said Manor, Liberty,

Fisheryat Whiijtable, in the County of Kent: And the Town, and Parishes aforesaid; in behalf of t hem-fame was received; and read the FirstThne. 1 selves, and others, having Right of Common and Tnr1-Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. ' bary on the Waste Lands within the Parillms of Saint

; John and Saint Benedict, alias Benignus, at Glastonbury Mr. Phelips reported from the Committee, to whom ’ aforesaid, was referred; That the Committee had exa-the Bill for amending, widening, turning, altering, and mined, and found that the Standing Orders of the keeping in Repair, the Roads from Whijtle Bridge, in House, of the 2-,th of April 1774, relative to Bills the Parish of Barwick, in the County of Somerset, to of Drainage, had been complied with; and that thcCom-the Turnpike Road in the Parish. of Charminster, in mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; the County of Dorset ;and from The Cross, in the and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared

Town of Maiden Newton, to a Stream of Water in the to them, to the House; and he readrthe’Report in his-Parish of South Perrott, in the County of Dorset; and Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s

from a Place called Furzmoor Gate, in the Parish of Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Broad Winfor, to Lynham’s Water, in the Parish of viz.

Beamijler; and from Buglers Corner, in the Town of To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Beamijler, to the Dorset'shire Inn, in the Parish of William White, being examined, said, That there are,

Woolcombe; and from Upfydling Ewe Lease to the within the said Parishes of John and -

Town of Cerne Abbas;and from the Town of Frampton neditt, several Moors or Pieces of Waste Land, called to join the Western Turnpike Road near Steepleton, in Heath Moor, Turf Moor, Hulk Moor, and Kennard the said County of Dorset, was committed; That, the Moor, containing together about 2,000 Acres; that Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, upwards of 1,700 Acres thereof are itibjeft to be over- ' and found the same tobe true; and that the Committee flown with Water, and rendered of very little Value to had gone through the Bill, and made several Aniend- the Proprietors; but if the fame‘were inclosed, ments thereunto, which they had directed him to drained, divided, and allotted, it would be of public report to the House; and he read the Report in his Utility, and very beneficial to the Persons entitled Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the thereto.

Amendments, in fit the Clerk’s Table Where the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fof Amendments were'Once read throughout; and then a dividing, allotting, inclosing, and draining, certain Secpnd Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Moors or Pieces of Walle Laud, within the Parishes severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. of S and Saint Benedict, in Glastonbury, in the Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be County of And that Mr. Mr.

ingrossed. and Sir George Yonge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to tkrnfler the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Ma- whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering Common, jessy, for widening and repairing the High> Road and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the leading from Northallerton to the South Wall of the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty '

Church Yard of the Town of Thirsk, and from the King George the Second, for repairing and widening South Ealt End of the Street called FinkeU. Street, in the Road leading from the East Side of Thirsk aforesaid, to and through the Town of Eajrng- Common, in the County of York, to the Middle of Vould, in the County of York, to a Place called Burton Grange Moor, and from thence to Crof-and

Stone, near the City of York; and also the Road from also the Road from the Guide Pojt in Barugh, to a Thirds aforesaid to Topcliffe, in the North Riding of Rivulet called Barugh Brook; and from thence lor Two the County of York, was read the Third Time. hundred Yards over and beyond the same Rivulet, or

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Brook, into the Township of in the said

be, An Act for continuing the Term and altering and County, was committed; That the Committee had exa-enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty- mined the Allegations oft he Bill and found the same so sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for widening be true; and that the Committee had gone through the and repairing the High Road leading from Northal- Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which lerton to the South Wall of the Church Yard of the they had directed him to report to the House; and he’

Town of Thirsk, and from the South East End of read the Report in his Place; and afterw ards delivered the Street called Finkell Street, in Thirsk aforesaid, to the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s and through the Town of Eafngwould, in the County Table: Where the Amendments were Once read of York, to a Place called Burton Stone, near the City throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; of York j and allb the Road from Thirsk aforesaid to and, upon the Question severally put thereupon* were-Topcliffe, io the Noirth Riding of the County of York. agreed to by the House.

20 Ordered,

18 Geo. III. f Marli783

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

Gener*l Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Comtnit-I^u tee, who were appointed to inspect the Progress made ihsJuUfM by the several Persons appointed to make a General Index to the Journals of this House; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had inspectedthe some accordingly, and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; a^d afterwards delivered it in.at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In order to inform themselves what Steps had been taken, and Proceedings formerly had, upon this Sub-Jett, your Committee read over the Two Reports, which were made to the House on the 13 th and 22d of May: 1776, from " the Committee who were appointed to inspect the Progress that had been made " by the several Persons appointed, by Mr. Speaker, " to make a General Index to the Journals of this House, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the iloule;" and from" the Committee " who were appointed to consider of a Method of com-* pleting the General Index to the Journals of this " House, and to appoint proner Persons for executing " the fame, and who were inliructed to consider what " further Recompence should be made to the Persons " who have been employed to make the said General " Index, over and above what they have already re- ( " ceived, and to report the fame, with their Opinion " thereupon, to the House;" and which are entered in the Journals of the House.

Your Committeethen called before them Mr. Edward Moore, the Reverend Mr. the Reverend Dr.

Flexman, and Mr. Cunninghame, being the several Persons who have been employed in making the said Index; and Mr. Moore informed your Committee, That his Part of the Index (which comprehends the Period from ill George the Firli to 14th George the Third, and is contained in 17 Volumes of the printed Journals) is completely ready for the" Press; that he has been employed in it from May 1765 to this Time, and that he has received £.1,700 on Account. — Mr. Moore then delivered in a Paper, in which he dated, that if he were to be paid by the Year, he supposed he should be entitled to £.6,250, over and above the £.1,700 be had already received; but, if it should be thought more proper that he should be paid by the Volume, it would then come to £.6,400, over and above the Ibid.£.1,700; which he underilands to be in full of all Demands.

The Reverend Mr. Forjler also informed your Committee, That his Part of the Index (which comprehends a Period from the 9th of William the Third to the 13th of Anne, and is contained in 6 Volumes of the printed Journals) is ready for the press; that he had been engaged in that Employment ever since July 177 x to this Time, and has received £.740 upon Account; and that he experts £.2,860, over and above the said £.740; which he underilands to be in full Discharge for what he has done, and for his Labour for One Year to come. Mr. Forjler also mentioned several Circumstances to your Committee, why his Labour should not be merely rated by the Number of printed Volumes on which he had been employed.

Dr. Flexman being then examined, informed your Committee, That his Part (comprehending a Period from the 12th Charles the Second to 9th William the Third, contained in Volumes of the printed Journals) is ready for the Press; that he has been employed in this Work from the First Week in May 1770 to this Time; and he delivered in a Paper, in which he expressed his Hopes, that he might be allowed at the Rate of £.300 per Annum for the 8 Years You 36.

Attendance he has given, and the Pains he has1 taken in this Work.

And it appeared to your Committee, on the Inspec* ♦ion of the several Parts that had been assigned to Mr. Moore, Mr. Forjler, and Dr. Flexman, that their Indexes for those Periods were finished, and ready for the Press.

Mr. Cunninghame being then called, said, He has made a great Progress in the Part which was assigned to him (which is the Period from the ill Edward the Sixth to the 10th Charles the Second, and is contained in 7 Volumes of the printed Journals) but that it is not yet ready for the Press, owing to the greater Quantity of Matter contained in his Part of the Work, when compared with the like Number of Volumes in any other Period; that he has been employed since July 1771, has received £.700 on Account; that he should expert for his whole Work, when completed, £.7,900, including the laid£.700. And being asked, in what Time he would undertake to complete his Part ? he said, In One Year and an Half.

As your Committee supposed it will be thought proper, by the House, to direct those Indexes which are already completed and ready foT the Ppefsto be printed, that is, Mr. Moore's, Mr. Forjland Dr. Flexman's, in order to form some Judgment of the Expence that will attend this Work, they called in and examined Mr. Hughs, the printer to the House, and who has for several Years been employed in printing the Journals, and the' Indexes to the Journals; and he informed your Committee, That he imagined the Printing of the said Index will coll a Sum not exceeding £.4 a Sheet, if 1,500 Copies are printed; and that he thought the Printing those Parts which are ready for the Press, could be finished by the Beginning of the Year 1779.

And Mr. Strahan, Junior, Printer, who was also examined, informed your Committee, That the Print-' ing such a Number of Copies would, in his Opinion, coli between Four and Five Pounds a Sheet; and he thought it might be printed by January next.

Upon the whole Matter, your Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Mr. Moore is deserving^over and above £1.700, which he has already received, of a further Sum of £.6,400, as a final Compensation for his Pains, Trouble, and Expence, in having, compiled a General Index to the Journals of the House of Commons, from 1765 to January 1779.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That Mr. Forjler is deferring, over and above £.740, which he has already received, of a further Sum of £.3,000, as a final Compensation for his Pains, Trouble, and Expence, in having compiled a General Index to the Journals of the House of Commons, from; July 1771 to ill January 1779.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Dr.. Flexman is deserving of, over and above £.850, which he has already received, the further Sum of £.3,000, as a final Compensation for his Pains,. Trouble, and Expence, in having compiled a General Index to the Journals of the House of Commons, from 1770 to 1779.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Mr. Cunninghame is deferring of £.500 on Account.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the General Indexes to the Journals of this House, compiled by Mr. Edward Moore, the Reverend Mr. Forjler, and the Reverend Dr. , be-

printed by the Person usually employed in printing the Journals of this House, under the Care and Inspection of the several Persons who have compiled the fame.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie- upon the1 Table.

A Petition

784. j° Martn. . 1778;

A Petition of the Commissioners of Sewers for Hoi- they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report born and Finsbury Divisions, the Parish of Saint Leo- the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House. nard, Shoreditch, and the Liberty of Norton Falgate,

and the Borders and Confines of the fame, whose A Petition of the several Peffons residing- near the S^wn Names are.tJiereto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves. River r interested in the Fishery therein, whose Fisheries.

and all other the Commissioners of Sewers for the Limits Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Set- House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for repeal-ting forth, That, by an Act, pafl'ed in -the Seventh ing so much of Two Acts, palfed in the First Year of Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for completing Queen Elizabeth, and Thirtieth Year of King Charles the Bridge across the River Thames, from Blackfriars, the Second, as relates to the Size of the Meshes of in the City of London, to the opposite Side, in the . Net.*?, and to the Length of the Nets to be used in the County Of Surrey, and the Avenues thereto on the River below and for better

London Side; for redeeming the Tolls on the said Bridge, regulating the Fisheries, and preserving the Spawn and and on London Bridge;for rebuilding the Gaol of Fry of Fish, in the said River; and Setting forth. That

Nezcgate, in the said City; for repairing the Royat the Use of longer Nets below than

Exchange within the same; for embanking Part of the are allowed by the Laws now in Force, will'tend to a North Side of the said River within certain Limits; Monopoly of Fish in that Part of the River, and be

and for further continuing, towards those Purposes, the Imposition of Six Pence per Chaldron, or Ton, of Coals or. Culm imported into the Port of tire said City, established by an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary; and also for carrying on the new Pavements in the City and Liberty of Wflminster,0 and Parishes adjacent, and in

the Town and Borough of and for other Purposes therein mentioned, the Sum of £. 156,000 was allowed to be borrowed for carrying on theleveral

y O

public Works therein mentioned; and, in order to establishing a Fund for repaying such Sum, the Duty on Coals and Culm, imported into the Port of London, were further continued till Michaelmas 1831; and further setting forth. That it appears by the Votes, that the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London have petitioned for Power to raise a

further considerable Sum of Money, upon the Credit of the Surpluses to arise from the said Fund charged upon the Duties on Coals and Culm, to be applied in the rebuilding of Newgate, building a Sessions House, and doing other public Business, alledging, that the whole Debt, charged upon the Coal Duties, will nevertheless be paid off long before the Time allowed by the Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty; and that, after the Appropriation of the Sum of £. 40,000 to the Uses prayed by the Petition of the City of London (if the House shall think proper to comply with the fame) there will still remain a considerable Surplus arising out of the said Fund; and that a. Bill is now depending in the House, for the Purpose of making new Sewers, and deepening, altering, widening, and repairing, the old ones, within the Limits and Jurisdiction of the Petitioners, asConnnissioners aforesaid, and for communicating the same with the Sewers-of the City of London, which Sewers are, and will be, of a public Nature, highly beneficial to the Public, and to the Estates of the City of London; and that a very considerable Part of the Duty on Coals arises from the Consumption of that Article by the Inhabitants within the Limits of the aforesaid Commission of Sewers,’ and consequently the Duty thereof isfpaid by such Inhabitants: And therefore praying, That a sufficient Part of the Surplus to arise out of the aforesaid Fund, after Payment of the Monies already charged thereon, may be applied to the Discharge of the Charges and Monies to be contracted and laid out in making, repairing, and enlarging, the aforesaid public Sewers, or relating thereto.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners of Sewers for the Limits of Hol-born and FinjburyDivisions, the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, and the Liberty of Falgate, in

the County of Middlesex, and the Borders or Confines of the fame, whose Names are thereto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and all other the Commissioners of Sewers for the Limits aforesaid, is referred: And that

very prejudicial to the Petitioners; and that the confining any new Law or Regulations to that Part of the Fishery which lies below Gloucester would be

partial and uniuft; and that, if any new Law or Regulations are necessary, the same ought to extend to the whole River: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Defers tion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and anj their Quarters, was read the Third Time. Desertion.

Resolved, That the Billdopafs: And that the Title be. An Act for puriithing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment oftlte Army, and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pechell and Mr,

Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Mum Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Lidofure. Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, sand j

Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Isham, in the County oriNorthampton s without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. Act Latho-n Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons, an <1 and Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Lathom arid SkeWrf-'al Skelmerjdali, in the Parish of Ormskirk, in the Conti tv nc 0 Palatine of Lancajicr;without any Amendment: And

also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bn'flington for < dividing and inclosing the Common or Waste Indofui*. Ground called Brijling toil, otherwise,

in the Parish of Brijlinglon, otherwise Bufsleton, in the County of Somerset; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Exportation from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it p* was referred to consider of allowing the Exportation " our of Wheat Flour, Bread, Bi feu it, and Pease, to the Island of Newfoundland, for the Benefit of the Fishery carried on there, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in gt the Clerks 'fable: Where the ferae was read; and is as folio wet h; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a limited Quantity of Wheat Flour, Bread, Bif-

zd c«it,

7«5

18 Geo. m. 3° — 4*

ctitt, attdPeafe.be allowed to be exported to the Island of Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay and La-

brador, under certain Regulations, for the Benefit of the British Fishery carried on in those Parts.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was,

Sion the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the ouse.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Sir Charles and Sir

Grey Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Colls to Mr. Charles Mellish presented to the House, accord-

itig to Order, a Bili for the Payment of Coils to Par-'*c‘ ties, on Complaints determined before Justices of the Peace out of Sessions; for the Payment of the Charges of Constables, in certain Cafes; and for the more effectual Payment of Charges to Witnesses and Prosecutors of any Larceny, or other Felony: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Re/otved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Account; Ordered, That there be laid before this House,

Traflfpom. Copies of the Accounts containing the Particulars of all Charges for taking up of Transports and Payment of Freights by Commission, for His Majesty’s Service, from the ill January 1774, to this Day, inclusive; distinguishing each Year.

Committee The Order of the Day being read, for the House to 0,1 ate resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to -NarioZ consider further of the State , of the Nation;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Landing of The House, according to Order, resolved itself into 1 Prize Goods. a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom, which are not the Produce or Manufacture of the British Dominions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Militia The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Pay and a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Cloathing, defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia' in' that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day Of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight; and for filling up Vacancies in the Militia, in the Cafes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitioorlh took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone, through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had direct-. ed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V01. 3 b.

Marti.

Mercurii, 4* die Martii;

Anno 18" Georgii III1* Regis, 1778.

Pit AYER. 8.

MR. Stephens, according to Order, reported from Landing of

the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Pme Good*. BiR for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom, whiclvare not the Produce or Manufacture of the British Dominions, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for annexing a Portion of the HuntfpU! Rectory, and of the Rectory Manor thereto belonging, R«&°ry-of Huntspill, in the County of Somerset, to the Office of Mailer of Baliol College, in Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for annexing a 'Portion of the Rectory, and of the Rectory Manor thereto belonging, of Huntspill, in the County of Somerset, to the Office of Master of Baliol College, in Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. Page do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

' Mr. Brett presented to the House, according to St. M*rtW* Order, a Bill for better regulating, employing, and providing for, the Poor of the Parish of Saint Martin the Fields, within the Liberty of in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Brozvnlozv Bertie reported from the Committee, Bolingbrooke to whom the Petition of the principal Traders, Inhabi- smaifoebt* tants, and Occupiers of Lands, within the Soake of Bolingbrooke, and the Wapentake of Candlejhoe, in the Parts of Lindsey, in the County of Lincoln, was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame,

as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read jtlie x

Report in his Place; mid afterwards delivered it in at

the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as

followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, The Reverend Mr. Edward Codd, being examined, said.

That he actsas a Justice of the Peace within the Soake of Boling bi'oo/ce; That there are within the said Soake

and Wapentake about Parishes, Villages, Hamlets, and Places, foune of which are very populous, and a very considerable Trade is carried on therein, by means whereof Numbers of People are obliged to give Credit for small Sums of Money, to Persons who frequently refuse to pay the same, although able; That the County Court is held at about 35 Miles average Distance from the said Places, and some of them are at 45 Miles Distance; That it is proposed to have Four Courts within the said Soake and Wapentake, which are to be held at convenient Distances for all Parties; That it is the general With of the principal Inhabitants within the said Soake and Wapentake to havea Bill for the Recovery of Small Debts, which would contribute to give the lower People a Credit they have not at present, owing to the great Expence and Distance of the County Court.

9 O Mr.

Hackt borne Inclosure.

Hanflop

Inclosure.

Fhe Smalls Light House.

Ogborn St. Andrew Iriciofure.

Harpolc

Inclosure.

786

4* Martii.

A. 177.8,

Mr. Robert Pocklington, being examined, confirmed the above Evidence, and added, That no Court Baron for the Recovery of Small Debts within the said Soake has been held for near Seven Years, and that i$ is proposed by the Bill to reserve the Rights of that Court.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Soake of Bolingbrooke, and Wapentake of Camllcfioe, in the Parts of Lindsey, in the County of Lincoln: And that Lord B Bertie and Mr. Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord Broxonlow Bertie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Heath, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Hack in the County of

Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Common Meadows, within the Parish of in the County of Buckingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Grenville, Mr. Pozonall,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five, of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bill to enable the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond to establish and maintain a Light House on the Rocks called The Smalls, in Saint George's Channel, be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Goddard reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and allotting certain Open and Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Lands or Grounds, in the Tything of Ogborn Saint Andrew, in he County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consenttothe Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And it appearing that the Names of Two of the Commissioners, which, according to the Standing Order of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, were in-, ferted in the Bill presented to the House, had been left out by the Committee, and the Names of Two other Persons inserted instead thereof, without any Information given to the House ofluch Alteration having been made with the Knowledge or Consent of the Parties in-ierested in the said Inclosure;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Knight ley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Heath, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of llarpole, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, rela-

tive to Bills of Inclosure-, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the.

Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 9 Yard Lands and 9 House Paths, who refusedter. sign the Bill; and that the whole Number of Yard Lands is 48 and a Quarter, and of House Paths 3 7 and an Half; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once ifead throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Qu.ef-' tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be’ ingrossed. *

Sir George Iloxcard presented to the House, according ' Kirton to Order, a Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the last Small Debu. Session of Parliament, for the Recovery of Small Debts, within the several Parirties of Surfed,

dring, Donnington, Bicker, Sxuinejhcad, Wigtoft, -

ton, Algarkirke, Fof dyke, Kirton, Frampton,

and Brother toft, within the hundred of and

County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ditto.

A Petition of the Merchant s, Traders, and Inhabitants, w-ithin the Hundred of Kirton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking.

Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the said Act has been found to be of the greatest Utility to the several Par ilhes therein mentioned, by enablingmany industrious labouring People to obtain Credit for the Necessaries of Life, which , before they wrere unable to do, from the Difficulty Creditors lay under in recovering firiall Sums of Money due to them; and that the Commissioners, appointed by the said Act, have Power and Authority to ofder and decree the Debts sued for-by Creditors to be paid to them by the respective Debtors, either altogether, or at several Payments, as they lha.ll judge necessary, for the Ease and Convenience of such Debtors; and that the Petitioners are informed, that the Commissioners have, pursuant to the aforesaid Power, ordered and decreed a great Number of Credit tors to be paid their Debts at future Days, and; in case the said Act is repealed, that such Creditors will be then debarred from receiving the fame; and that the Petitioners are informed, that filing for Small Debts in die Court of Pleas claimed by the Earl of Exeter is attended frequently with great Delay and Expence; and that the said Court of Pleas hath not of late Years been, held so frequently as the Petitioners conceive to be necessary for the Recovery of such Debts as are provided for by the said Act; and that Application w’as made to the House, to obtain the said Act, in the Year 1776; and that, in the last Session of Parliament, the Petition for the said Act was presented to the House on the 1 oth of February, and the Act did not pass both Houses until the 27th of May following, and the Petition was of public Notoriety to the Inhabitants of the several Parishes included in the said Act; and the said Act has been attended with many salutary Effects, and will, as the Petitioners apprehend, be of general Utility to the several Parishes therein mentioned: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the Repeal of the said Act, and have such Relief in the Premisee as to the House shall appear proper and expedient.

Ordered*

18 Gio. III. 4° Mar tit, 787

Ordered, That the said Petition do tie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time $ and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Coimfel, again!! the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think lit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Sevennight, the 16th Day of this Inllant March.

llilitk Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Ctoathi"*1 from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ' Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing

of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight; and for filling up Vacancies in the Militia, in the Cafes therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they.had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Exportation Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for allowing the Exportation " Ac °Ur* of certain Quantities of Wheat Flour, Biscuit, and Pease, to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador: And the same was received; and read the Fitrll Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

ltmflef An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and Common, altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made Roai *n t^)e Thrrty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East Side of -sley Common, in the County of , to the Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to and

also the Road from the Guide Post in a

Rivulet called Barugh Brooki and from thence, for Two Hundred Yards over and beyond the same Rivulet or Brook, into the Township of Cawthor.ne, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Rrfolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Terra, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road, leading from the East Side of Barnsley

mon, in the County of York, to the Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White and also the

Road from the Guide Po in Barugh, to a Rivulet called Barugh Brook; and from thence for Two hundred Yards over and beyond the same Rivulet or Brook, into the Township of Cawthome, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Saltney Ordered, That Mr. Skipzvith be added to the Gentle-Marsh men, who are appointed to prepare, and-bring in, a Jndofure, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Re-c‘ verend Sir Stephen Glynne, Baronet, Lord of tlje Manor of Hawarden, in the County of Flint, and the several

other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and all other the Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Manor and Parish of Iiawarden aforesaid, VOL. 36.

which are assessed to, and do pay, tfee Land Tax, within the said Manor.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His Distirlfed Majesty’s Prisons of the King's Bench, Fleet, and Mar- ®et>for* Jhatfea, for themselves, and likewise for all the other Prisoners confined for Debt in the several other Prisons and Gaols throughout His Majesty’s Kingdom of England, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and for the Re- Debtor* lief of Bankrupts in certain Cafes: And that Mr. Whitworth, Sir George Savile, Mr. Macdonald, and Mr*

Barrow, do prepare, and bring in, the fame*

The Lord Beauchamp reported from the Committee/ Eveflum to whom the Bill for repealing certain Parts of Three A|c*^ef several Acts of Parliament, of the First, the Seventeenth, Road, and the Thirtieth, Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, made for repairing feve- 1

ral Roads leading to and from the Borough of in the County of Worcester; and for repairing and widening the Road from Evesham Bridge, in the said Borough, to the Globe Inn in Alcefier, in the County of Warwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committeehadgone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him- to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put there* upon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, turning, Whiftld altering, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Whittle ®n<1fe

Bridge, in the Parish of Barwick, in the County of So- °* *

merfet, to the Turn pike Road in the Parish of Cftarmin-Jter, in the County of DorJ'el;and from the CroJ's in the Town of Maiden Newton, to a Stream of Water in the Parish of South Peirolt, in the County of Dorseti and from a Place called Furzmoor Gate, in the Parish of Broad Winfor, to Lynham's Water, in the Parish of

Beamijler; and from Buglers Corner, in the Town of

Beamijler, to the Dorjcfjltire Inn, in the Parish of -

combe; and from UpjydlingEwe to the Town

of C'erne Abbas; and from the To wn of to

join the Western Turnpike Road near Steepleton, in the said County of Dorset, was read the Third Time.

llefolved. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending, wideuing, turning, altering/ and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Whijtie Bridge, in the Parish of Barwick, in the County of to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of , in

the County of Dorseti and from the CroJ's in the Town of Maiden Newton, to a Stream of Water in the Parish of South Perrott, in the County of and from a

Place called FurzmoOr Gate, in the Parish of Broad

Winfor, to Lynham’s Water, in the Parish of and from Buglers Corner, in the Town of , to

the Dorsetshire Inn, in the Parish of Wobleombe and from Upfydling Ewe Lcaze, to the Town of Cerne Abbas; and from the Town of Frampton, to join the Western Turnpike Road near Steepleton, in the said County of DorJ'et.

Ordered, That Mr. Phelips do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr.

Westhty

Inclosure*

Call of the House*

Wayt and Means.

Supply*

Committee on the State of the Nation.

Evefiiam

tQ

Alcester

Aoad.

worth

Inclosure.

Hardwicke

Inclosure,

788 4® — 5 0 Marti!.' ^1778*

Mr. Popham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, or Tract of Commonable Land, called or known by the Name of Wefihay Moo, within tl»e Parish and Manor of Mear, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; ami read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till Monday Sevennight, the 16th Day of this Instant March.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom*, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

And then the House adjourned till To-morroUr Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis,5* dieMartii;

Anno i8# Georgii III*" Regis, 17)8. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for repealing certain Parts of Three several Acts Of Parliament, of the First, the Seventeenth, and the Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, made for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester; and for repairing and widening the Road from Evesham Bridge, in the said Borough, to the Globe Inn in Alcester, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title bo, An Act for repealing certain Parts of 'Phree several Acts of Parliament, of the First, the Seventeenth, and the Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, made for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester; and for repairing and widening the Road from Evesham Bridge, in the said Borough, to the Globe Inn in Alcester, in the County of H arwich.

Ordered, That the Lord Beauchamp do carry the Bill to the'Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Open Meadows, Common Pastures, and Common Grounds, within the Parish of Kegworfh, in the County of Lekefier, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Open Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commbn Grounds, within the Parish of , in the County of

Ordered, That Sir John Palmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrotfedv Bill for dividing -and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com-18

mon Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Township and Liberties of Hardwicke, in the County of Buckingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fi elds. Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Township and Liberties of Hardwicke, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That the Earl Vemey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousanu Seven hundred and Seventy-eight; and for filling up Vacancies in the Militia, in the Cafes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, In that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousatia Seven hundred and

Seventy-eight j and for filling up Vacancies in the Militia, in the Cafes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry -the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Towns of Malet and

ehester, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Combe, Ac.: And they are to meet this Aflernoou, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening, the several Roads leading from the Red Pof, in the Parish of Fivehead, through the Towns of Langjwrt and to But-

well; and allb from Carry Rivell to Lane,

and from Cary Bridge to Strein the County of Somerset; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads adjoining thereto, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Combe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Seve*-ralty, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Manor and Tything of Coate, in the Parish of Bishops Cannings, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Garth, Mr. Howard, See.: And they are to meet this After-non, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Goddard reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and allotting certain Open and Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Lands or Grounds, in the Tything of Ogborn Saint Andrew, in the County of Wilts, was re-committed (with respect to Two of the Commissioners, whose Names were, according to the Standing Order of the House, of the 2 5th of April 1774, inserted in the Bill presented to the House,

and

Milltfk

Pay tiii

Ckmthinj,

Shepton

Malet,

Jcc.

Ftvebeai,

&c.

Coaje

Inclosuiej

# Ogborn StrAndrel Inclosurci

iS Geo. III. 50 Martii. 7S9

and had been left out by the Committee, and the Names of Two other Persons inserted in their stead, without any Information given to the House of such Alteration having been made with the Knowledge or Content of the Parties interested in the said inclosure) That the Committee had examined, and found that the . Parties concerned had given their consent to the said Alterations; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; And then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments be

ingross'ed.

GMembory Mr. Combe presented to the House, according to oare. Qnjer> a J3j|] for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and draining, certain Moors, or Pieces of Waste Land,

within the Parishes of John and Saint

in Glastonbury, in the County of Somerset: And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pechcll and

Mr. awes:

Mr. Speaker,

Wenlock The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market Ilonfe, in the Town of Much Wenlock, in the County of Salop;and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Glee ton llill to CreJJage, in the said County; without

any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fi Ids, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Highzcorth, in the County of without

any Amendment: And also.

Cattle The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An ^bclofore Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Common Pastures, within the Lordship or Parish of Castle Donington, in the County of Leicester; without any Amendment; And all’o,

Bazin'* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Antoine without any Amendment.

And then the Melfengc-rs withdrew.

The House being informed. That Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, p relented to the IToufe, pursuant to their Order,

Account; An Account of the Nett Receipt of the Customs, Net Receipt from Christmas 1761 to 1775, which is as for

of Customs. as the fonie can be made up; distinguishing each Sub*

lidv, and each Y’ear.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the HoUfei The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Chester A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation. Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for the more effectually carrying into Execution the Powers cbh-

Vol. 36.

tained in Two several Acts of Parliament, the One made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for making a Navigable Cut or Canal from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City o ler, to or near Middleivichand Nanticich, in the County of Chester, and the other made in the Seventeenth Year of His said Majesty’s Reign, for varying and enlarging the Powers of the said former Act; and Setting forth. That divers Suits at Law and in Equity having fub-fifted, between the Petitioners and the Company of Proprietors of the Chester Canal Navigation, touching the making of the said Navigable Cut or Canal, they duly executed an Agreement for compromising their Differences, on or about the 30th Day of August 1776; and that feme Clauses, inserted in the said Act of Parliament made in the Seventeenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, defeat the intention of the said Agreement, and greatly aggrieve the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That such Clauses, Powers, and Provisions, may be inserted in the said Bill now brought into the House, as may vary and explain such Parts of the said Act of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, 9s hinder or prevent the Petitioners, or any Person or Persons whomsoever, from the Exercise of any Right, Power, or Privilege, given or reserved to them in ana by the said Agreement.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual " preventing the forging the Acceptance of Bills of " Exchange, or the Numbers, or principal Sums, of " accountable Receipts for Notes, Bills, or other Securities for Payment of Monfey, or Warrants, or " Orders, for Payment of Money, or Delivery of " Goods;" be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Popham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Nlr.Pophirm reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat ’Flour, Biscuit, and Pease, to Nezvfognd-land, Novia Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to aCommittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for the Payment of Costs to Parties, on Complaints determined before Justices of the Peace out of Sessions; for the Payment of the Charges of Con-ltables in certain Cafes; and for the more effectual Pay-<ment of Charges to Witnesses and Prosecutors of any ’Larceny, or other Felony, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Mellish, Mr. Hartley/, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Fwe of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

9 P An

Bills of Exchange.

Exportation of Wheat Flour, &c.

Cods

to

Witnessci,

&c.

North

My ms

Inclosure.

General

Turnpike

Act.

Ditto.

Ditto.

790 50 Martii. A. 1778.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- tage and Preservation of Turnpike Roads, but are found, mon or Waste Ground, called North Myms Common, or by Experience, to beufeful as well as beneficial to the Wood, in the Parish of North Myms, in the County of Owners; for although Narrow Wheels may, in the Hertford, was read the Third Time. first Instance, be less expensive, yet Broad Wheels are

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title more durable, and the Wear thereof fully adequate to be. An Act; for dividing and inclosing the Common or the Expence; and that, in many Acts of Parliament Waste Ground, called North Myms Common, or Wood, for repairing Turnpike Roads, Carriages employed iu in the Parish of North Myms, in the County of Hert- canyingenumerat^d Articles arc exempt from Payment ford. of Tolls, and Justices of the Peace may cause such

Ordered, That Mr. Plumer do carry the Bill to the Roads to be widened, as are not of sufficient Breadth;

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. by which Means Broad Wheels will become of general

Use, and be of public Utility: And therefore praying,

Mr. George Onslow reported from the Committee, to That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that whom the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made the partial Operation of the said Act may not be further in the Thirteenth Year of tlis present Majesty’s Reign, suspended.

intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce The House was moved, That the Petition of several " into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws now Gentlemen, Farmers, Manufacturers, and other Oc- in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that cnpiers of Lands, in the County of on Behalf Part of Great Britain called England, and for other of themselves and others, which was presented to the " Purposes," as is to subject Carriages, having the House upon the 25th Day of February last, might be Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gauge again read.

than Six Inches, to the Payment of Double Tolls, and And the same being read accordingly;

for vacating Contrafts for leafing Tolls, was commit- Ordered, That the said Report be now read.

ted; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, Then the said Report was read.

and made several Amendments thereunto; which they And the Amendments, made by the Committee to

had directed him to report to the House; and he read the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were,

the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, agreed to

Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table. by the House.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be proposed, That the said Report be now read; ingrossed.

APetition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Merchants, Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time

Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the Town and upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be Neighbourhood of Bradford, in the West Riding of the then ingrossed.

County of To?'X-,whose Names are thereunto subscribed,

was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice a Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Import*^ of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That, by an Act, thereunder subscribed, being Citizens of the City of of Con-Passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, Chichester, in the County of Sussex, and Merchants, to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parlia- Traders, and others, relfding within the Port of the ment, the General Laws now in being, for regulating same City, was presented to the House, and read; the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for other Setting forth. That a very extensive Trade in Corn and Purposes, Carriages, having the Fellies of the Wheels Grain is carried on within the said Port, where there thereof of less Breadth than Six Inches, were (after a are many Storehouses and Repositories erected for the certain Time therein limited) subjected to the Payment Purposes thereof; and that the Petitioners are informed, of Double Tolls; and that, by an Act, passed in the a Bill is depending in the House, for granting Leave Sixteenth Year of His said Majesty, the said Clause, to land Foreign Corn at the Port of subjecting Narrow Wheels to the Payment of Double without Payment of the Duties, under certain Re-Tolls, was suspended until the 29th Day of Septemberstrictions and Regulations, and conceive it will be of 1778; and that Six-inch Wheels would be a great general Benefit to the Commerce of the said Port of Preservative to the Roads, and the only Meaus that Chichester, to have the Privileges of such Bill extended can be suggested to keep the same in Repair: And to the same Port: And therefore praying, That Leave therefore praying, That the said Clause in the said Act may be given to add the said Port of Chichester to the of the Thirteenth Year of His said Majesty, subjecting said Bill, under such Restrictions and Regulations as to Narrow-wheeled Carriages to Double Tolls alter the the House shall seem meet.

29th of September next, may not be repealed, or any A Petition of Joseph Stewart and Daniel Rainier, Ditto,

longer suspended. Gentlemen, on Behalf of the Merchants concerned in

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Merchants, the Importation and Exportation of Corn at the Port of Manufacturers, Occupiers of Lands, and other In- Sandwich, in the County of Kent, was also presented to habitants, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Halifax, the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act hi the West Riding of the County of York, w hole of the Thirteenth of His present Majesty, to regulate Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the Importation and Exportation of Corn, it is enacted, the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the that in case any Corn, Grain, or Flour, of the several said Bill; and Setting forth. That large Sums of Money Species therein described, shall be imported into any of have been expended in turning and diverting Roads, to the Ports in the said Act mentioned, at a Time when avoid the Height and Steep ness of Hills, whereby the Duties thereupon are payable, it may, upon due l'afe, easy, and commodious. Roads have been made. Entry thereof, be forthwith landed, in the Presence of and thereby extensive and advantageous Communica- the proper Officer of the Customs, without Payment tions effected; in consequence whereof, considerable of the said Duties, under the Regulations and Re-Sums have been taken up at Interest, and charged upon strictions therein mentioned; and that it appears, by the Tolls directed to be raised; but if so much of the the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented, by John said Act is repealed as will continue the Use of Narrow Gnitton, Esquire, and Thomas Binfixed. Gentleman, on Wheels, the Roads will become rninous, and in Decay, Behalf of the Merchants concerned in the Importation as much greater Weight may be carried by the same and Exportation of Corn at the Port of r

Draught, by Reason of such Diverftons, and of Course a Bill to enable them to land Corn, Grain, and Flour, the 1 oils decreased, and the Securities to Mortgagees at Portsmouth, without Payment of Duties, in like rendered precarious, if not in sufficient; and that Carri- Manner as is permitted by the Act in the several Ports ages having Broad Wheels, npt only tend to the Advan- therein mentioned, under such Regulations and Re-

llrift 10119

18 Geo. III. 5* — 6° M791

strictions as to the House may seem meet; and that the constant Resort of Ships and Vessels to the said Port of Sandwich, the great Number of Inhabitants employed in the several Trades carried on, as well in the said Port as the City of Canterbury, the Town of Deal, and other Places in the Neighbourhood of Sandwich, cause a very large Consumption of Provisions, which is further considerably increased by its Vicinity to The Downs, the great Rendezvous of His Majesty’s Ships of "War, and Trading Vessels of all Nations; and that, for the above Reasons, the Petitioners conceive it is expedient, that Corn, Grain, and Flour, should be landed in the Port of Sandwich, without Payment of the Duties, in like Manner as is permitted by the Act in the several Ports therein mentioned: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Provision may'be made in the Bill, to extend the Power of landing Com, Grain, and Flour, to the Port of Sandwich, without Payment of Duties, in like Manner as is permitted by the Act in the several Ports therein mentioned, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House tliall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of John Guitton, Esquire, and Thomas Gentleman, on Behalf of the Merchants concerned in the Importation and Exportation of Corn at the Port of is referred.

UttMtter, Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to impowerthe Trustees for amending the Road from Uttoxeter to under Lyme, in the County of Stafford, to repair and widen the Road branching out of the said Road at IjowerLane, to the Turnpike Road on Hem Heath, in the same County: And the same was received; and read the Firit Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Wett of °Ce Account of the Gross and Nett Produce of the Customs Customs. for the Year 1777, in Gross Totals, as nearly as the same can be made out.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 6° Martii;

Anno 18* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1778.

PR AYERS.

Dirty Lane, Ti ItR. Alderman ffaylcy presented to the House, ac-n IVi cording to Order, a Bill for widening, paving, Whitechapel, an j improving. Dirty Lane, and Part of Brick Lane, m leading from Whitechapel to in the County

o I Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Whitechapel A Bill for paving Parts of the Foot Paths on the Paving. Sides of the Great Road, in the Parish of Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Obstructions, Nutfances, and Annoyances therein, and near thereto, was read a Second Time.

Bcfulved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Hay ley. Sir Charles Cocks, &c: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Acomb A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Common ludofure. Vol. 36.

Moor or Tract of Waste Land, called Acomb,

within the Regality or Manor of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Middleton, the Lord Newhaven, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, Gloucester passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King "n‘* George the Second, for repairing and widening the Cpff^tM7 Roads leading from the City of towards

Cheltenham wad Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester,

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bar- -row, Mr. Vyner, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message, by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentlemau Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Royal Commission for declaring His Royal Afient to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the De= fire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers; where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Af-sent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Privy Seal, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore:

An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels:

An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Wig ton:

An Act to enable His Majesty to license a Theatre in the City of Bristol:

An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for building a Bridge over the River Lea, at or near a Place called Jeremy's Ferry, and for making, repairing, and widening Roads from thence into the Great Roads at in the County of Essex, and at Clapton, in the County of Middlesex:

An Act for taking down the Parish Church of LII-ford, being a Vicarage united to the Rectory in the County of Northampton ;and for repairing the

Parish Church of Achurch aforesaid; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for continuing the Terms, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, one passed in the Seventh and the other in the Eighth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads from Oxford, oxer Botley causexoay, to in the County of Berks, and Witney, in the County of Oxford:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts, passed in the Sixth and Twelfth Years of King George

79$ o Martii. 1778.

George the First, the Twenty-Eighth Year of his late Majesty, and the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Stevenage, in the County of Hertford, to Bigglejicade, in the County of

and other Roads therein mentioned:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from I^ong Bar,

or Gate, on the Poll Road, near the Town of Morpeth, by or through Long Horsley, Weldon Bridge, and Whiftingham, to the River Breamish,' and from thence to Piercy's Croft, in the County of

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts, for repairing the Road from Ilighgate Gatehouse, in the County of Middlesex, to Barnet Blockkoufe, in the County of Hertford; and the Road from the Bear Inn in Hadley, to The Angel in Enfield Chafe; and also Cane-

wood Lane, leading from Highgale to Hampstead, in the said County of Middlesex; and the Road beginning at Barnet Blockhouse, and ending at the Bear Inn in Had-

ley aforesaid:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford, to Wheatley Bridge, and from the said Bridge to Enfiow Bridge; and from Wheatley Bridge to the Mileway, leading towards Magdalen Bridge; and from the Mile-way, leading from Saint Giles's Church, near the City of Oxford, by Begbroke, to New Woodfiock, in the said County:

An Act to enlarge the Term of an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from cester, through Silverston and Bracklty, in the County of Norlhanqjton, and Ardley and Middleton Stoney, to WefionGate, in the Parish of Weston on the Green, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Aujterlands, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from The Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned; and for making a Road of Communication from the said Road, between Whitchurch and Newport, to the present Turnpike Road from Nezvport aforesaid, to Eccleshall, in the County of Stafford:

' An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Birches Brook to Buildwas Bridge, and from thence to join the Watling Street Turnpike Road, at Tern Bridge, in the County of Salop:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three Acts, of the Third and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner, adjoining to Enfield -Chafe, in the Parish of South Alims, in the County of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill, in the County of Hertford

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign pfhis late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, Widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House, in the Town of Much Wenlvck, in the County of Salop; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Gleetdn Hill to Cre(sage, in the said County:

An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent (Part of the Efrates devised and settled by the Will of'John deceased)

in Trustees, to be sold, and conveyed to Sir Gideon, Baronet, and his Heirs; and for laying out the Monies, arising by l'uctl Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled to and upon the like Uies and Trails in the said Will:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inefofing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Liberties of Kmeante and Walton, in the Parishes of Kimcoate and Knaptoft, in the County of Leicester .*

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and M alle Grounds, in the Parish of Tin the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish, Lordship, and1 Liberty, of in the County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pallu res, Common Meadows, Heath, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Great Billing, in the County of Northampton:

An Act lordividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Rushden, in the County of Northampton: An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Grounds, in the Hamlet or Tything of Bockampton, in the Parish of Chipping Lambourne, in the County of Berks:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, mid Stinted Failures or Waste Grounds, in the Manor of North Dalton, in the East Riding of the County -of York

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, -and Common or Waste Land, in the Lordship of Long Whatton, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for regulating the Stocking of a certain Piece of inclosed Pasture Ground, called Wood,

or Naze ing Park, in ?the Manor and Parish of Nazeing, in the County of Essex s and for keeping the Fences thereof in Repair:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Clifton upon Calder, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common or Waste Ground called Brijlington, otherwise Common, in the Parish of Brijlington, otherwise Bujleton, in the County of SomerJ'et:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Lathobi and Skelmerfdale', in the Parish of in

the County Palatine of Lancajkr:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Isham, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, MeadoWs, and Common Pastures, within the Lordship or Parish of CojlleDohington, in the County of

ter.

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Highworth, in the County of

An Act to enable Walter James Head, Esquire,-a

Minor,

Stow Poor.

Strew and

Verraevv

f&Kiics*

18 Geo. III. 6° Mar tit >793

Minor, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of James only, and to bear the Coat Armour of the Family of John James, Esquire, deceased:

An Act for enabling Charles Wyndham, Esquire (now called Charles Edwin) and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Edwin only:

An Act for naturalizing David Henry De Beanne:

An Act for naturalizing Hans:

An Act for naturalizing Charles Frederick London-sack:

An Act for naturalizing Henry:

An Act for naturalizing John Chri/lian Deane and Jacob Gottfried Hippius:

An Act for naturalizing James Cazenove:

An Act for naturalizing Francis Long:

-An Act for naturalizing Antoine Bazin.

Mr. Staunton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundred of Stow, in the County of Suffolk: And the same was received; and read the -First Time.

llefolved.That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors, on Behalf of themselves and other Proprietors of, and Persons interfiled in, the Fisheries in the River Severn, below Gloucester Bridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by Two Acts, passed in the First Year of Quetn Elizabeth, and the Thirtieth of King Charles the Second, the Length of Nets to be used for Fishing in the River Severn, below Bridge, is

limited to Sixty Yards, and above Bridge to

Fifty Yards, and the Size of the Melhes to be Ten Inches round, or Two Inches and an Half, from Knot to Knot; and that, at the Time of passing the said Acts, there were many Weirs in the said River below Gloucester Bridge (the Remains whereof ltill appear) from which Fiibermen were enabled to take Fish with Nets of that Length, which Weirs beingdestroyed, the Regulation with respect to the Length of the Nets has never since been observed, but Nets of several Lengths have been used, in Proportion to the Breadth of the River at the several Fishing Draughts, which Breadth, at the Time of Tides (which flow Twice a Day) is, in the narrowed Parts, about as wide again as the Length of Sixty Yards, and, in many Places, Four Times as wide; and that Nets cannot be put in directly across the River, but are drove by the Current obliquely down, and throvyn out of Boats rowed with Oars, which cannot reach within Six or Seven Yards of the opposite Bank; and that for Three or Four Days, upon the Height of the Spring Tides, Fiibermen are prevented from Fishing, for at lead Three Hours, during the Flow and Return of the Tide, and in Times of Floods, which happen frequently every Year, they cannot fish at all, and in general, for Four Days or more in the Neap Tides in the Spring of the Year, they fish only in the Night; and that the Tides do not flow with any considerable Head but very little higher up than bury, about Ten Miles above Gloucester, and the Fishing is therefore interrupted but for a very short Time, and the Breadth of the River, in general, is much narrower and confined above than below Gloucester Bridge, and, besides, in the broader Parts above, there are many Shoals and Sand Banks on the Sides, or in the Middle of the River, which operate as natural Weirs, and have the like Effect to confine the Current to a narrow Pass; and that, in the Months of January, Februan/, March, April, and May, there are Lampreys and Shads, and a great Quantity of Twaits, come- up the said River, which cannot be taken by Nets with Melhes of the Dimensions limited by the said Acts; and that, by Two Acts, passed in the First Year of Kin the

First, and the Thirty third of King George the Second, Vol. 36.

for the PreferVation of Salmon, and of the {spawn and Fry of Fish, proper Penalties and Modes of Com ic* tion, for setting up any Bank, Dam, Hedge, or Net; across any River, or any Part (hereof, and for destroy* ing, having in Possession, or ex poling to Sale, any un-sizeable or unseasonable Fish, or any Spawn or Fry of Fill), are directed and appointed; and further setting forth; That a Bill is depending in the HoUfe, for preserving the Salmon and other Fish within the Rivers Severn and VemiezC, by which Bill, so much of the Act of the Thirtieth of King Charles the Second, as relates! to the Punishment of Persons unlawfully destroying Fish, or the Spawn or Fry of Fish, in the said River Severn, within the Limits of the said Act, is intended to be repealed, and a great Destruction of the try of Salmon is intended to be allowed, which, if permitted to go down into the Salt Water, would, in Three Months, return of a considerable Size; but the Length of the Net, and the Size of the Melhes, are avowedl/ intended to be restrained, as by the Acts of the First of Queen Elizabeth, and the Thirtieth of King Charles the Second, although the Weirs below Gloucester Bridge are destroyed, and although no Lampreys, nor any Shad or Twaits, but of the largest Size, can (during the said Months, when they only come up the Rivet* Severn)be taken by Melhes of that Dimension, and fithing by Night isalfo thereby intended to be totally restrained, although the Tide flows at different Times Twice in every Twenty-four Hours; and that, by the said Bill, new Offences are intended to be created, new Regulations made, and newunreasonable and oppressive Powers and Penalties unnecessarily given; the Whole; therefore, of the said Bill, if it should pass into a Law, would be highly injurious, and indeed almost totally destructive to some of the Fisheries of some of the Proprietors, from the Mouth of the River Severn to Gloucester Bridge (an Extent of Forty Miles or up4 wards) who would thereby be deprived of great Part of their private Property, and the Cities of Bristol and Gloucester, and the Public in general, would lol'e a great Supply of Fish in the highest Perfection, as being nearer the Sea; and therefore a Petition hath been presented to the House by several Persons being Proprietors of, or Persons interested in, the Fisheries in tl)e River Severn, below. Gloucester Bridge, on behalf of themselves and others, for Leave to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of the said Acts of Queen,

and of the Thirtieth of King Charles the Second, as relates to the Length of the Nets, and Size of the Melhes, to be used below Gloucester, which Bill hath been since presented for that Purpose, and for allowing a further reasonable Length of Net, and a Temporary Diminution of the Melhes: And therefore praying, That the said Bill, intituled, " A Bill for preferring the " Salmon and other Fill), w ithin the Rivers Severn and " Vernieio," may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for more effectually preferring the Salmon, and other Fish, within the Rivers Severn and Fernievo, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Sir Edward AJlley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Tacolneston, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied withj and that the Committee had examined the A1-9 Q legations

Tacolntftoa

Iadolufc.

B&rby

Inclosure.

Harpole

laciofure.

Gloucester

and

Stone

Roads.

794 6° Martiid. 1778.

legations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates in the said Commons and AVafte Lands, who are assessed to the Land Tax at the Annual Sum ofj. 1 iG. for. od. who had not ligned the Bill; and that the whole Annual Assessments of Estates in the said Commons and Waste Lands amounts to £. 1,006. 1 or.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And it appearing that the Name of One of the Commissioners, which, according to the Standing.Order of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, was inserted in the Bill presented to the House, had been left out by the Committee, and the Name of another Person inserted inliead thereof, without any Information given to the House of such Alteration having been made with the Knowledge or Content of the Parties interested, in the said Inclosure;

Jiefolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of , in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Timet Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

ley, Mr. Poicys, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-doling, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Heath, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of Harpole, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Heath, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of Harpole, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Knight ley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence.

Sir William Guise reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for enlarging the Terms and Powers of several Acts passed for amending the Road from Gloucester to and

other Roads'in the said Acts mentioned, so far as the same relates to the lio<vd from the City of Gloucester, to the Town of Btraud, in, the County of Gloucester-, and for g^antipg other Powers for amending the said Road, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Seeoad Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows,. Common Pastures, Waite Lauds, and Commonable1 Places, within the Parish of Patney, in the County of Hills, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brn-vecie, Mr. Frederick Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are Owners of a considerable Tra6t of Low Lands, containing upwards of 80,000 Acres, lying within lho Limits of the Bedford Level, as described by an Act of the Fifteenth of Charles the Second, for settling the Draining of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level-, and that the same were, together with 190,000 Acres contiguous thereto, and lying intermixed with the fame, recovered from a drowned Stale by the Petitioners Predecessors, by their adventuring ;uid laying out large Sums thereon, and have beenfinee preserved, as. effectually as the Situation thereof would permit, by a constant Annual Expence, the Fund for which are Taxes laid on the Petitioners Lands; and that the said Lands are, from their Nature, particularly fit for the Culture of Oats, and large Quantities are annually produced therefrom, every Check to which, is a tna-nifeft Injury to the Petitioners* as thereby the Value of the said Land is decreased, the Charges arising for the Preservation and Culture still remaining the same; and that, by the Provisions in the several Acts of Parliament now in Force, by which the opening the Ports for the Importation of Oats of Foreign Growth is regulated, the Interests of the Petitioners are much aft* feefed, inso much that, when their Tenants have great Quantities of Oats to fell, towards the Supply of the London and other Markets, at reasonable Rates, the Ports are opened for the Importation of Oats of Foreign Growth, whereby the Price of Oats grown in the Low Lands herein set forth is, from the Markets being overstocked, so reduced, that their Tenants are thereby greatly distressed, their Landed Interest much affected; and which Mischiefs, if some Remedy be not found therefore, may, in a Course of Time, put an End to the Culture of so necessary and valuable a Commodity in the Low Land.s, and leave these Kingdoms too much in the Power of Foreign Imports for supplying the fame: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and give such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

The House was moved. That the Petition of several of the Owners and Occupiers of Land, in the Counties of Lincoln and Cambridge, employed and made Use of

in the Cultivation of Oats, and of several of the Merchants and Traders concerned in the Trade thereof, which was presented to the House upon the 3d Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, that the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the last preceding Petition is referred.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons or Waste Grounds," called Gtujburn Moor, within the Manor of Gliijburn, in the Parish of

zcick.

iVner

Iiiui/iure.

Fortin

Ou

Ghilbcro

IodofuiCi

18 Geo. III. 6° Martiu 79

wick, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cecil Wray, Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Thimbleby Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom ®nd ,the Bill lor dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Indofurs! Meadows, Ings, Common Pastures, and Moors, within the Parishes of Thimbleby and Edlington, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Person, whose Property is of the Annual Value of £.9; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed is of the Annual Value of jf. 1,044; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question fe\ erally put thereupon, were agreed to bj' the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

1

Dirty Lane, A Petition of Thomas Bemey Bramston, Esquire,

in was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

Whitechapel, That the peti

tioner is informed Application is made to avng. jjle House, for widening a certain Street called Dirty Lane;and that the Petitioner is possessed of several Houses and Premises in the said Lane, which he apprehends may be materially injured, and his Property therein greatly leiTened, unless proper Provisions are inserted to secure his Estate and Interest: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by himself or his Counsel, against any Attempt that may be made to affect his Interest and Property therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for widening, paving, and improving, Dirty Lane, and Part of Brick Lane, leading from Whitechapel to Spi in the County of dlesex, be read a Second Time.

Importation A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the City

oi Corn, of Chester was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners being informed that a Bill is depending in the House, for allowing the Importation of Foreign Corn into the Port of Portsmouth, under certain Restrictions and Regulations therein mentioned; and the Petitioners, as well as other Traders in the said City, labouring under many Disadvantages by being deprived of the Liberty en joyed by the Inhabitants of Liverpool, Preston, and several other Ports, of landing Foreign Corn, when the Prices thereof are under the Rates fixed at their respective Sessions; the Petitioners are desirous, that the Inhabitants of the City of Chester may have the same Privilege as is by Law allowed to those Ports: And therefore praying, That the Port of Che/lermay be included in the said Bill, before it is pafi'ed into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House; to whom the Petition of John Guitton, Esquire, and Thomas Binjleed, Gentleman, on Behalf of the Merchants concerned in the Importation and Exportation of Com at the Port of Portsmouth, is referred. wVoL.36.

Mr. Whitmore presented to the House, according to Severn Order, a Bill for repairing the Bridge over the River Bridge. Severn, in the Town of Bridgnorth, in the County Of Salop, and for making a Road from the said Bridge to the Bottom of the High Street, in the said Town: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

liefolved. That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Brownlmv Bertie presented to the House, ac* Boiin-Wonk*, cording to Order, a Bill for the more easy and speedy g .&<- Recovery of Small Debts, within the Soake of - "* ‘

brooke and Wapentake of Candlejhoe, in the Parts of Lindsey, in the Cotmty of Lincoln: And the same was received; and Read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers DinJngton of an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty-first High Botge Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widen*

" ing the Roads from Donington High Bridge, to Hale " Drove, and to the Eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish " of Wigtoft, and to Langrel Ferry, in the County of " Lincolnwas read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brotcn-lolo Bertie, Mr. Pelham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Severn thereunto luhscribed, Inhabitants of the City of *nd

and the Neighbourhood thereof, on Behalf of themselves, and the otheF Inhabitants of the said City and 1 cn ‘ Neighbourhood, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the City of Brifol, and its Neighbourhood, are supplied with Salmon almost wholly, with Plaise, Shrimps, and Sprats entirely, and with other Sea Fish in a very great D- gree, by the Fisheries in the River Sqxxrn, almost all which Fisheries, below a certain Part of the River in the Parish of Frethem, in the County of Gloucester, called the Hook Cribr are, and Time immemoriaily have been, carried on by Putts; and that the Petitioners have been informed, that a Bill has been brought into the House, for more effefhudly preserving the Salmon and other Fish within the Rivers Severn and Vernieic; by which it is intended to restrain all Persons from fixing or laying any Putt, or other Engine, in the said River Severn, or from taking Salmon between certain Days in the Months of March and May, and July and November; and that, should such Bill pass into a Law, it would prove exceedingly injurious to the Petitioners, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the City of Brifol, and its Neighbourhood: And therefore praying. That the Provisions of the said Bill may not extend below that Part of the-Severn called the Hook Crib, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Com- Dittn monalty, of the City of Brifol, under their Common Seal, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Bill hath been brought into the House, for more effectually preferring the Salmon, and other Fish, within the Rivers Severn and whereby it is intended to restrain Persons from using Nets, in any Parts of the said River Severn, but of certain Dimensions, from fixing or laying Putts in the same River, and from taking Salmon therein between certain Days in the Months of March and May, and of July and November-, and that the Markets for Fish iij the City of Brifol are supplied with Salmon in great Abundance, and with many other Sorts of Fish, by the Fisheries in the said River Severn, and that great Quantities of very fine and feasonable Salmon are

usually

Landing

of

Prize Goods.

Bills of Exchange.

Rebuilding

Newgate.

796 6° Martii. A. 1778.

usually brought to the said Markets, in the Months wherein those Fisheries are by the said Bill intended to be restrained, and largeQuantities of Plaise, Flounders, Soals, Whitings, Herrings, Sprats, Eels, Tubling, and Shrimps, are taken in the said ltiver Severn, below a certain Weir called Hock Cr, otherwise Hook in the Parish of Fretlicrn, in the County of and from Time immemorial have been so taken (of a proper Size, and without dellroying the Spawn) by Putts, and from the Nature of the River such Fisheries cannot be carried on, so as to afford the Markets an ample Supply, in any other Manner, nor can Salmon betaken in large Quantities below the said Weir but by Nets of a peculiar Construction, and of different Dimensions from those intended by the said Bill; and therefore, should the same pass into a Law in its present Form, the usual Supply of Fish would be much lessened, to the great and manifest Injury of the Inhabitants of the said large and populous City: And therefore praying. That the Provisions of the said Bill may not extend to the Fisheries in that Part of the said River Severn which lies below the said Weir or Place called Hock Cribb, otherwise Hook Crib, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as shall be thought just and equitable.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for more effectually preserving the Salmon, and other Fish, within the Rivers Severn and be read

a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom, which are not the Produce or Manufacture of the British Dominions, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Popham, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more ell'eftual preventing the forging " the Acceptance of Bills of Exchange, or the Numbers, or principal Sums, of accountable Receipts " for Notes, Bills, or other Securities, for Payment of " Money, or Warrants, or Orders, for Payment of

Money, or Delivery of Goods," was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place,.and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Herbert Mackioortli reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the Gentlemen, named in the Commission of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, of the Seventh Year of Ills present Majesty, for continuing the Duty on Coals and Culm, imported to the Port of London, for the several Purposes therein mentioned, was read. And,

Mr. Idilium Montagu, principal Clerk to the Chamberlain of London, being asked, What is the present

Surplus of the Income of the Orphans Fund of the City of London, to which Fund the said Coal Duty is carried? he said. That, as taken from a Medium of Seven Years prior to Midsummerlaft, it is £. 7,450 a Year; which, according to the present Mode of paying off the Principal, will dischnrgethe present Debt on the said Fund in 38 Years and Three Quarters from Mid-fit miner last. And being asked, What further Sum the Fund would bear to be charged on it, and could

}>ay off within the Term for the Payment of the said )uties? he laid; That if £.95,000 were to be added, ‘computing Interest at £. 4. 101 per Cent, per Annum, such additional Debt would be discharged within the subsisting Term. Then,

Robert Taylor, Esquire, being examined, said. That ihe Increase of the Income arilingfrom the said Coal Duty is, in a great Degree, occasioned by the Increase of Houses in the County of

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred.

Sir Charles Whitzoorth reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen named in the Commission of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for continuing the Duty 011 Coals and Culm, imported to the Port of London, for the several Purposes therein mentioned, was read. And,

Mr. William Montagu, principal Clerk to the Chamberlain of London, being asked. What is the present Surplus of the Income of the Orphans Fund of the City of London, to which Fund the said Coal Duty is carried? he said, That, as taken from a Medium of Seven Years prior to Midsummer last, it is £. 7,450 a Year; which, according to the present Mode of paying off the Principal, will discharge the present Debt on the said Fund in 38 Years and Three Quarters from Midsummer last. And being asked, What further Sum the Fund would bear to be charged on it, and could pay off within the Term for the Payment of the said Duties ? he said, That if £. 95,000 were to be added, computing Interest at £. 4. io.v. per Cent, per Annum, such additional Debt would be discharged within the subsisting Term. Then,

Mr. Charles Cuthbert Carlton, being examined, said. That the Increase of Buildings in the City and Liberties of Westminster has contributed considerably to the Income arising from the said Coal Duty.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

to

fteb'iiHing

Ntwgau.

Ways and

Mean*.

Goog.

6° Mar

American

Colonies*

18 Geo. III.

797

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Surplufes, Hated the 5th Day of April 1777, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplufes, Hated the iotb Day of October 1772* be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of Accounts of Sales of Lands in the Ceded Islands, transmitted by the Commissioners appointed for such Sales, the iH of July 1765 (which was presented to the House upon the 24th Day of March 1766) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Sales of Lands in the Islands of Dominica, Tobago, and Saint Vincent, in 1766 (which was presented to the House upon the 10th Day of April 1767) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Sales of Lands in the Ceded Islands in 1767, transmitted by the Commissioners appointed for such Sales, the 18 th Day of July 1767 (which was presented to the House upon the 5th Day of February 1768 j be referred to the said Com- . mittee.

Ordered, That the General Account of Sales of His Majesty’s Lands in the Southern Caribbee Islands, in the Years 1765, 1766, 1767, 1768, and 1769 (which was presented to the House upon the xoth Day of April 1770) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of French Prizes, taken before the Declaration of War (which Was prfefented to the House upon the 7th Day of March 1764) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Sales of Lands " in Dominica, 9th April 1770," (which was presented to the House upon the 16th Day of April 1772) be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whilzoarlh took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had made feme Progress; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Lord George Germain presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

N° 1. Extract of a Letter from Sir Guy Carleton to Lord George Germain, dated Quebec, 20th May 1777; Received 2d July: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from Sir Guy Carleton to Major General Phillips, dated Quebec, 8th 1777: And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from Sir Guy Carleton to Major General Phillips, dated Quebec, nth May 1777: And also,

N° 4. Copy of Orders for the Troops to serve under Lieutenant General BurgoyneAnd also,

N° 5. Copy of a Letter from Captain Foy to Lieutenant Colonel St. Leger, dated Quebec, 12th May 1777: And also,

N° 6. Copie d’une Lettre Circulaire aux Colonels des Milices & aux Commissaires Canadians de Transport: And also,

N° 7. Copy of a Letter from Captain Foy to Captain Frafer, Assistant Superintendent of Indian Affairs, dated Quebec, 13th May 1777: And also,

N° 8. Copy of a Letter from Sir Guy Carleton to Lieutenant General Burgoyne, dated Quebec, 19th May 1777: And also,

\ Ob.36.

N®. 9. Copy of a Letter from Sir Guy Carleton to Lieutenant Colonel Bolton, of the 8th Regiment, dated Quebec, 18th May 1777: And also,

N° 10. Extract of a Letter from Sir Guy Carleton to the Officer commanding at Ofwegatchie, dated Quebec,

18th May 1777: And also,

N® x 1. Copy of a Letter from Sir Guy Carleton to Colonel Butler, dated Quebec, 18th May 1777: And also,

N° 12. Copy of a Letter from Captain Foy to Captain Mackay, dated Quebec, 19th May 1777: And also,

N° 13. Extract of a Letter from Lieutenant General Burgoyne to Sir Guy Carleton, dated Montreal, 26th May 1777: And also,

N° 14. Proposed Disposition of the Hospital for the Service in Canada: And also,

N° 15. Lifi of the Staff proposed for the Expedition under Lieutenant General Burgoyne: And also,

N° 16. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant Colonel St. Leger to Lieutenant General Burgoyne, dated 15th May 1777: And also,

N° 17. Extract of a Letter from Sir Guy Carleton to Lieutenant General Burgoyne, dated Quebec, 29th May 1777: And also,

N° 18. Extract of a Letter from Sir Guy Carleton to Lieutenant General Burgoyne, dated Quebec, 28th May And also,

N° 19. Extract of a Letter from Sir Guy Carleton to Lieutenant Governor Cramahe, dated Montreal, 9th June 1777: And also,

N* 20. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant General Burgoyne to Sir Guy Carleton, dated Montreal, 7th June 1777: And also,

N® 21. Copy of Proposals for furnishing Horses, Carriages, and Drivers, for the Service of the Army under the Command of Lieutenant General Burgoyne: And also,

N® 22. Copy of Proposals for furnishing Horses and Drivers, for the Service of the Artillery, on the Expedition under Lieutenant General Burgoyne: And also, N® 23. Copy of a Letter from Sir Guy Carleton to Lieutenant General Burgoyne, dated Montreal, 7th June 1777: And also,

N® 24. Extract; of a Letter from the Secretary at War to Sir Guy Carleton, dated 17th August 1776: And also,

N® 25. Extract of a Letter from the Secretary at War to Sir Guy Carleton, dated 25th March 1777: And also,

N® 26. Copy of a Letter from Captain Foy to Lieutenant Colonel St.Leger, dated Montreal, 10th June 1777: And also,

N® 27. Copy of a Letter from Sir Guy Carleton to Lieutenant General Burgoyne, dated St. John's, 13th June 1777: And also,

N® 28. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant General Burgoyne to Sir Guy Carletondated St. John's, 15th June 1777: And also,

N® 29. Copy of a Letter from Sir Guy to

Lieutenant General Burgoyne, dated Montreal, 17th June 1777: And also,

N® 30. Copy of a Letter from Major General Phillips lo Sir Guy Carleton, dated St. John's, 17th June 1777: And also,

N® 31. Copy of a Letter from Ma j or General Phillips to Sir Guy Carleton, dated St. John's, 17th June 1777: And also,

N® 32. Copy of a Letter from Sir Guy Carleton to Major General Phillips, dated Montreal, 18 th June 1777: And also,

N* 33. Copy of Orders, Montreal, 18th June 1777: And also,

N® 34. Copy of a Letter from Major General to Sir Guy Carleton, dated St. John’s, 19th June 1777 r And also,

N® 35. Copy of a Letter from Sir Guy Carleton to 9 R Major

798 6° — 90 Marin. 1778.

Major General Phillips, dated Quebec, 26th 1777: to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, And also, to consider of the Petition of the Governor, Bailiffs,

N° 36. Copy of a Letter from Sir Gin/ Carleton to and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of Lieutenant General Burgoyne, dated Quebec, 26th June the Great Level of the Fens; and also the Petition of 1777. several of the Owners and Occupiers of Land, in the

Together with a List of the said Papers. Counties of Lincoln and Cambridge, employed and

And the said Lift was read. made use of in the Cultivation of Oats, and of several

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie Upon the Table, of the Merchants and Traders concerned in the Trade to be perused by the MemBfers of the House. thereof, be now read.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other And the said Order being read accordingly;

Papers of this Session. Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Importation The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-«r Corn. itself into a Committee of the whole House, to mine the Matters thereof; and report the fame, as they

consider of the Petition of John Guitfon, Esquire, and shall appear to 1 hem, to the House:

Thomas Binjtced, Gentleman, on behalf of the Mer- And they are referred to Mr. Mr.

chants concerned in the Importation and Exportation &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, of Corn at the Port of Portsmouth; at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and

ing next, refoive itself into the said Committee. Records.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read.

Exportation The House resolved itself into a Committee of the ' , of whole House, upon the Bill for allowing the Expor*

C&c. °Ur’ tation of certain Quantities of Wheat Flour, Biscuit, and Pease, to Neujbundland, Nova Scotia, and Labrador,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had difeftedhim to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Charles Whitworth accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the ' Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

LuruS)90 die Martii\

Anno 18° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1778.

PXAYER S.

'SidSL Mr; K'6or' to the H?f'’ "fT’iS8

jLvJL to Order, a Bill for the more easy and: speedy . Recovery of Small Debts, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Culture et Oats.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

A, Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, principal Inhabitants, and Fishermen, of the Borough of bury, in the County of Gloucester, Was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for more effectually preferring the Salmon, and other Fith, within the Rivers Severn and and Setting

forth. That in the said Bill, it is stipulated, that fishing in the said Rivers shall be confined to the Daytime only; and that so much of an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of King Charles the‘Second, for Preservation of Fishing in the River Severn, as relates to the Pilnishment df Persons destroying Fish, or the Spawn or Fry of Fish, in the said River, within ffie Limits in the said Act mentioned, is, by the said Bill, intended to be repealed; and that great Quantities of Spawn of Salmon, called Samlets, are taken and destroyed by Angling and laying of Lines in the said River, which Practice will be authorized by the said Bill; and that Fishermen cannot carry on their Occupations in the said River, unlefis they are permitted to fish at the Flow of every Tide, which happens Twice, with a Variation as to Time, in every Twenty-four Hours; and that there are other Parts of the said Bill, which the Petitioners apprehend are oppressive, and likewise unnecessary: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against the Whole of the said Bill.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, of the City of Gloucester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the ‘House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That in the said Bill, it is lti-pulated, that fishing in the said Rivers shall be confined to 'the Day-time only; and that so much of an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of King Charles the Second, for Preservation of Fishing in the River Severn, as relates to the Punishment of Persons destroying Fill), or the Spawn or Fry of Fish, in the said River, within the Limits in the said Act mentioned, is, by the said Bill, intended to be repealed; and that great Quantities of Spawn of Salmon, called Samlets, are taken and destroyed by Angling and laying of Lines in the said River, which Practice the Petitioners apprehend will be authorized by the said Bill; which Sum-lets, if permitted to 'go into the Salt Water, would return, in Three Months, Fish of considerable Size; and that the Petitioners also observe, that the Size of the Meffies, and Length of the Nets, to be used below Gloucester Bridge, are intended to be reltrained, as by the Acts of the First of Queen Elizabeth and the Thirtieth of King Charles the Second; and that the Use of

Putt Fisheries will in a great Measure be destroyed, and new Offences and Regulations are intended to be made-and created, and new and unnecessary Powers and Penalties given; and that, if the said Bill should

pass

Severn

and

Verniew

Fifljcries.

Ditto.

18 Geo. III. of Martii.

799

Severn

and

Vemiew

Fi&eric*.

pnfs into a Law, it would not only be injurious to the Proprietors of Fisheries in the River Severn, but also to the Inhabitants of the City of and Neigh-

'bourhood in particular, by lessening the Supply of Fid), particularly of Lampreys, Shads, and Twaits, unless of an extraordinary Size: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of several Persons residing near the River Severn, and interested in the Fishqj’ies therein below Gloucester Bridge, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, in the Preamble thereof, the only greatPublic Utility thereby avowed is to extend the Powers and Provisions of an Act of the Thirt ieth of King Charles the Second, Tor Preservation of Fishing in fjjpe River Severn, with rofpeft to the length of Nets, and Size of Meshes, to Inch Parts of that River as lie in the Counties of Stafford and Montgomery, and in the Counties of the Cities of Gloucester and H'orcester, (Two Places generally covered with Coal Barges) all which Places must be included within the River Severn wherever it runs; and also for extending the same Provisions to the River Verniew, which runs into the River Severn (at or very near the Head thereof) a Length of about 150 Miles Distance from the Entrance or Mouth of the Severn, and where the Regulation of Nets and Meflies directed by the said Act cannot operate to any Effect, nor can bewanted, as there are general Laws already for Punish-inent of other Offences, by taking or destroying the Spawn or F ry of Fish; and that, for these Objects so avowed, the Petitioners observe, that, by the said Bill, ihe Provisions in the said Act of the Thirtieth of Charles the Second, for Punishment of Persons destroying the Spawn and Fry of Fish, is repealed, but the Regulations of the Length of Nets and Meshes, used below Gloucester Bridge, are enforced, although, from absolute Necessity, the Length of Nets, and (in the Mouths of February, March, April, and May, when ’Lampreys, Twaits, and Shads, come up the River) the Size of the Melhes also have never been observed, nor ever can be observed, in those Months, if those Species of Fish are to be taken, Which must be done with Meflies -not larger than Five Inches and an Half round; and that, by the said Bill, it is intended to take away the greatefr Part, and, in some ‘Instances, the Whole, of private Property in Fisheries below Gloucester Bridge, quite down to the Sea, an Extent of above 50 Miles; videlicet, First, by prohibiting totally the Putt Fisheries, and by limiting the Size of Pouchins, and consequently the ‘Quantity of Eels to be taken; Secondly, by prohibiting Fishing, unless from Sun-rising to Sun-setting, though very few Fish can be taken in the Day-time, in Proportion to the Night; Thirdly, by prohibiting Fishing by Day and Night for Three Months (March, April, and May) the moll valuable Season for Fishing, and Three of those Four Months, in which only the Lampreys, Shads, and Twaits, come up the River, though there are already by Law Three Fence Months and

'(Jcldber) besides in the Year; Fourthly, by prohibiting taking Elvers (the Brood of Eels) which come up the River in the said Three Months of March, April, and May, m inwnenfe Quantities, though, if they were not taken, they would dellroy the Spawn and Fry of other Fish, and Lamperns in particular; and though Elvers and Lamperns are the great Support of the neighbouring Poor; but, indeed (as Religion is often a Cloak for Injustice) Fishing is proposed by the Bill to be prohibited 011 Sundays, that all Persons may attend to the YVxxrfli ip of Almighty God, which Regulation (if not already observed elsewhere) is observed below the Bridge, in the County of Gloucester: And therefore praying, That the said Bill, so injurious to privatePro-perty, and whereby no public Good cun be proposed or obtained, may notpafs into a Law.

VOL. 36.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the City of Bath, in Common Council assembled, under their Common Seal, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That it is intended thereby to rest rain Persons from using Nets in any Part of the River Severn but of certain Dimensions; from fixing or laying Putts in the same River, and from taking Salmon therein, between certain Days in the Months of March and May, and of July and November; and that the Markets for Fish in the City of Bath are supplied with Salmon and other Fish by the Fisheries in the River Severn, and great Quantities of fine feasonable Salmon are usually brought to the said Markets in the Months wherein those Fisheries are, by the said Bill, intended to be restrained; and that large Quantities of Plaise, Flounders, Soles, Whitings, Herrings, Sprats, Eels, Tumblin, and Shrimps, are taken in the River Severn, below a certain Weir* called Hock Cribb, otherwise Hook Cribb, in the Parish of Frethem, in the County of Gloucester, and from Time immemorial have been so taken, of a proper Size (and without destroying the Spawn) by Putts; and, from the Nature of the River, such Fisheries cannot be carried on, so as to afford an ample Supply to the Markets, in any other Manner; nor can Salmon be taken in large Quantities below the said Weir, but by Nets of a peculiar Construction, and of different Dimensions from those intended by the said Bill; and therefore, should the same pass into a Law in its present Form, the usual Supply of Fish would be much lessened, to the greajt and manifest Injury of the Inhabitants of the said City, and the Nobility and Gentry who resort thereto: And therefore praying. That the Provisions of the said Bill may not extend to the Fisheries in that Part of the said River Severn which lies below the said Weir or Place called Hock otherwise Hook Cribb, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as shall be thought just and reasonable.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriffs, and Common Council, of the Gity of Gloucester, in Council assembled, being Proprietors, on behalf of themselves, and other Proprietors of Fisheries in the River Severn, below G loucester Bridge, was al so prefen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Fisheries in the River Severn, below Gloucester Bridge, quite down from the Coal Wharfs within the City of Gloucester, to the Mouth of the said River into the Sea, an Extent t>f 40 or 50 Miles, are private Property, and as such have been immemorially held and enjoyed by the Proprietors and Owners thereof, and their Tenants; and that great Quantities of Fish come up the said River, and afford a great ‘Supply to the Inhabitants of the adjacent Places, and the Public in general; and that, by Two Acts, passed in the First Year of Queen Elizabeth, and the Thirtieth of King Charles the Second, the Length of Nets, to be used for fishing in the River Severn below Gloucester Bridge, is limited to 60 Yards, and above Gloucester Bridge, where there is no private Property, to 50 Yards, and the Size -of the Meflies is limited to Ten Inches round, or Two Inches and an Half from Knot to Knot; and that at the Time of passing the said Acts, there were many Weirs in the said River below Gloucester Bridge (the Remains whereof still appear) from which Fishermen were enabled -to take Fish with Nets of that Length,; which Weirs being destroyed, and the Width of the River considerably increased, that Regulation with respect to the Length of Nets has never fiuce been observed, but Nets of several Lengths have been used, in Proportion to the Breadth of the River, at the several Fishing Draughts, winch Breadth at the Time of Tides is in the narrowest Parts about as wide again as -the Length of Sixty Yards, and m many Places Four Times as wide; and that

Nets

Severn

and

Vernie#

Fisheries.

Ditto*

8oo 9 ' Martii.A. 1778.

Nets cannot be put in across the River, but are drove by the Current obliquely down, and thrown out of Boats rowed with Oars, which cannot reach within a considerable Distance of the opposite Bank; and that for Three or Four Days, upon the Height of the Spring Tides, Fishermen are prevented from fishing for at lead Thi ee Hours during the Flow and Return of the Tides, and in Times of Floods, which happen frequently every Year, they cannot fish at act, and in general for Four Days or more in the Neap Tide, in the Spring of the Year, they fish only in the Night} and that the Tides do not flow with any considerable Head, but very little higher up than Tewkesbury, about Ten Miles above Gloucester, and the Fishing is therefore interrupted (if at all) but for a very short Time above that Place, and the Breadth of the River in general is much narrower, and more confined, above than below Gloucester Bridge, and, besides, in the broader Parts above, there arc many Shoals and Sand Banks on the Sides, or in the Middle, of the River, which operate as natural Weirs, and have the like Effect to confine the Current to a narrow Passage; and that in the Months of January, February, March, April, and there are Lampreys and Shad*, and great Quantities of Twaits, come up the said River, which cannot be taken by Nets with Meshes of the Dimensions limited by the saidA&s; and that by Two Acts, passed in the First Year of King George the First, and the Thirty-third of King George the Second, for the Preservation of Salmon, and of the Spawn and Fry of Fish, proper Penalties and Modes of Conviction, for setting up any Bank, Dam, Hedge, or Net, across any River, or any Part thereof, and for destroying, having in PofiefBon, or exposing to Sale, any unfizeable or unseasonable Fish, or any Spawn or Fry of Fish, are directed and appointed; and further setting forth. That a Bill is depending in the House, for preserving the Salmon and other Fish within the Rivers Severn and Verniezv, by which Bill so much of the said Act of King Charles the Second, as relates to the Punishment of Persons unlawfully destroying Fish, or the Spawn or Fry of Fish, in the said River Severn, within the Limits of the said Act, is intended to be repealed, and a great. Deliru6tion of the Fry of Salmon is intended to be allow ed; which Fry, if permitted to go down to Salt Water, would, in Three Months, return of a considerable Size; but the length of Net and Size of the Meshes are avowedly intended to be restrained, as by the Acts of the First of Queen Elizabeth, and the Thirtieth of K'ingCharles the Second, although the Weirs below Gloucester Bridge are destroyed, and the River widened, and although no Lampreys, nor any Shad or Twait, but of the largest Size, can (during the said Months, when only they come up the River Severn) be taken by Meshes of that Dimension; and fishing by Night is also thereby intended to be totally restrained, although the Tide flows, at different Times, Twice in every Twenty-four Hours; and that, by the said Bill, new Offences are intended to be created, new Regulations and Re-ftri6lions made, and new unreasonable and oppressive Powers and Penalties unnecessarily given; the Whole therefore, of the said Bill, if it should pass into a Law, would be highly injurious, and indeed almost totally destructive, -to the Fisheries of many of the . Proprietors, from the Mouth of the River , up to Gloucester Bridge, who would thereby be deprived of great Part of their private Property, without any Compensation for the fame, or any public Utility; and the Inhabitants of the Cities of , and

Gloucester, and the neighbouring Counties of Gloucester, Hereford, Worcester, and Monmouth, and the Public in general, would lose a great Supply of Fish in the highest and befi Perfe6tion, as being nearest to the Sea: And therefore praying, that the said Bill, intituled, A Bill for preserving the Salmon and other Fish within the Rivers Severn and Vemiew, may not pass into a Law;

16

and that the Petitioners may be heard by their Cotm-fel against the said Bill.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for more effectually preserving the Salmon and other Fish within the Rivers Severn and Verniew be read a Second Time; and such of the Petitioners, as desire to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, are to be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Petition of the (gentlemen, Clergy, and principal S*m« Inhabitants, of the City of Glouc, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for repealing so much of Two Acts, passed in the First Year of Queen Elizabeth, and Thirtieth Year of King Charles the Second, as relates to the Size of the Meshes of Nets, and to the Length of the Nets, to be used in the River Severn, below Gloucester Bridge, and for better regulating the Fisheries, and preserving the Spawn and Fry of Fish, in the said River; and Setting forth.

That the Petitioners apprehend, that Nets of the Length only now allowed to be used are too short, and the Size prescribed for the Meshes is too large; and that there are many Sorts of Fish which cannot be taken with the Nets allowed by the said Acts, and in particular Lampreys, Twaits, and Shads, which come up in great Quantities; and that Nets of a smaller Melh may be substituted, that will not destroy the Spawn and Fry of Salmon, and will afford a larger Supply of Fish: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the said Bill may pass into a Law, under such Regulations as the House shall judge proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for more effectually securing the Oyster Wh'tfbHt Fishery at Whitstable, in the County of Kent, was read a Second Time. 1 'T"

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. St.

John, Mr. Toxoti/hend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Hacktho* mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, hrclofiw Heath, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Ilackthome, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting certain Ogbon ! Open and Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable St. Amk* Lands or Grounds, in the Tything of Ogborn Saint Andrew, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open and Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Lands '

or Grounds, in the Tything of Ogborn Saint Andrew, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Goddard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and draining, Glastonbwj certain Moors, or Pieces of Waste Land, within the Indofu* Parishes of Saint John and Saint Benedict, in Glaston-

bury,

Sal'nev

Marin

Inclosure,

&c-

North

Mnrftoo

Inclosure.

Henley

upon

Tramcs

Schools.

BHIs of Lx change*

18 Geo. III. f Martii. 8ol

bury, in the County of Somerf was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Combe, Mr. Townjheml, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Salusbury Brereton presented to the House,

according to Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and preserving, a certain Common or Parcel of Waste Ground or Marti), called SaUney Marsh, within the Manor and Parish of Hawar in the County of

Flint, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Grenville reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other. Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish and Liberties of North Marston, in the County of Bucks, was committed. That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had

been complied with 5 and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of One Yard Land And One Quarter, and some odd Lands; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed consists of 48 Yard Lands and One Quarter, or thereabouts, and some odd Lands; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and madefeveral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Morton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for uniting the Free Grammar School of James King of England, within the Town of Henley upon Thames, in the County of with the Cha-

rity School founded in the same Town by Dame Eliza-, beth Periam, Widow; and for the better Regulation

and Management of the said Endowments: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill to explain an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more " elleftual preventing the forging the Acceptance of " Bills of Exchange, or the Numbers, or principal " Sums, of accountable Receipts for Notes, Bills, or " other Securities for Payment of Money, or Warrants,

" or Orders, for Payment of Money, or Delivery of " Goods," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain an Act, paised in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual " preventing the forging the Acceptance of Bills of " Exchange, or the Numbers, or principal Sums, of " accountable Receipts for Notes, Bills, or other Securities for Payment of Money, or Warrants, or Orders,

" for Payment of Mone}r, or Delivery of Goods."

Ordered, That Mr. Morion do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dtfire their Concurrence.

Yol. 36.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Billinghay Committee, to whom the Bill for authorizing the Com- Drainage-missioners appointed by an Act of the Taft Session of Parliament, for draining and improving Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Billinghay, in tire County of Lincoln, to raise and complete certain Banks and Works, which are now under the Jurisdiction of the General Commissioners for draining Lands on both Sides the River William; and for reimbursing the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds all such Money as shall be expended therein, not exceeding a Sum to be limited, is committed.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are St. Mutin’* thereunto subscribed, being the Churchwardens and F,elds Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the Liberty of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, and also other Parishioners and Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for better regulating, employing, and providing for, the Poor of the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the Liberty of Westminster, in the County of and Setting forth. That, if the same should pass into a Law, the Petitioners, and other the Parishioners of the said Parish, will be greatly affected and prejudiced thereby: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem . meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Army; Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for Mutiny and the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; Desertion. without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Evesham Act for repealing certain Parts of Three several Acts A|ce°w of Parliament, of the First, the Seventeenth, and the Thirtieth, Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, made for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Borough of in the County of Worcester; and for repairing and widening the Road from Evesham Bridge, in the said Borough, to the Globe Inn in Alcester, in the County of Warwick; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Browne’* Act for vesting the Timber and Wood growing Eftatw. upon the Estates of Henry Perryn Browne, Esquire, in the County of York, in Trustees, to sell the same, and apply the Money arising therefrom, for making a Recompence to Sir Richard Perryn, his Father, for the Charges and Expences of making Buildings and Improvements upon the same Estate, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat Flour, Bifeuit, and Pease, of to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and WhewFlouiy

dor, was read the Third Time. &c*

9 S The

802

6° Martii. A. 1778.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill, viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 6. After " Newfoundland" to insert " Nova Bay and

" Labrador."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat Flour, Biscuit, and Pease, to land', Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

to the ioth Day of October 1777; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Wines- imported into England, from Christmas 1764 to Christmas 1777, inclusive; distinguishing each Year, and each Sort of Wine so imported.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Wines imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Christmas 1764 to Chrijbnas 1777, inclusive; distinguishing each Year, and each Sort of Wine so imported.

Account;

Wines

Imported.

Ditto.

Mr. Nesbittpresented to the House, according to Harbour. Order, a Bill for further continuing so much of certain' Duties, as have, by several Acts, of Parliament, been granted and continued for repairing and maintaining the Harbours of Dover and Rye, as are ap-

?dicable to completing and keeping in Repair the aid Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sussex: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Uttowter, A Bill to irhpower the Trustees for amending the lie. Road from Uttoxe/er to Newcastle under Lyme, in the

Road. County of Stafford, to repair and widen the Road

branching out of the said Road at Lower Lane, to the Turnpike Road on Hem Heath, in the same County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Account; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Wine Duties. Account of the Nett Produce at the Exchequer of the Duties on Wines, granted by an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Third Year of His present Majesty, from the ioth Day of October 1770

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the total Number of Houses and Cottages in England and Wales, distinguishing the feverat Claries, as they are assessed and pay to the Duties on Houses and Windows.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Ditto. Number of Houses in London, Middlesex, and Southwark, distinguishing as above.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the D;tt0i Number of Houses and Windows in Scotland, subject to the Duties thereon.

The House being informed, that Mr. Hughfon, from Account; the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called WineDutia. in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant. to their Order,

An Account of the Nett Produce at the Exchequer of the Duties on Wines, granted by an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Third Year of the.

Reign of His present Majesty, from the ioth Day of October 1770 to the ioth Day of October 1777, distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth, viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Ndtt Produce at the Exchequer of the Duties on Wines, granted by an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of 'his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, from the ioth Day of October 1770 to tire ioth Day of October 1777; distinguishing each Year.

From ioth October 1770 to ioth October 1771 ioth October 1771 to ioth October 1772 ioth October 1772 to ioth October 1773 ioth October 1773 to ioth October 1774 ioth October 1774 to ioth October 1775 ioth October 1775 to ioth October 1776 ioth October 1776 to ioth October 1777

Wines A° 1745, by an A & 18 Year of his late Majesty, Wines A° 1763, by an Act 3 Year of His present Majesty.

m 63>°3i 2 7! 70,971 17 2

- 60,686 14 2 64,223 10 i£

- 55*171 *3 62,656 4 —

- 6^479 7 7 68,144 14 5f

- 68,762 2 J 76*583 *3 2

- 64,741 1 4! 68,191 — 9

65,606 — — 72,955 14 1

£ 439*49^ — 483,726 13 9

Exchequer, the 9th Day of olarch 1778.

Ordered,

Accounts; Houses and Windows.

18 Geo. III. 9® Martii. 803

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House being informed, that Mr. Speer, from the Treasury, attended at the Door -r he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. A Paper, intituled, Total Number of " Houses and Cottages in England and Wales, distinguishing the several Classes as they are assessed and pay to the Duties on Houses and Windows: And

also.

N° 2. A'Paper, intituled, " The Number of Houses " in London, Middlesex, West, and,

" distinguishing the several ClaHes as they are assessed " and pay to the Duties on Houses and Windows And also,

N° 3. A Paper, intituled, The Number of Houses " and Windows in Scotland, subjefit to the Duties thereon."

And then lie withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers w$re read.

The said Papers are as followeth, viz.

V01* 36.

An

An ACCOUNT of the Total Number of HOUSES in England and Wales, charged or chargeable with the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights; as also of the Total Number

of Cottaces exempted from Payment of the Duty.

Houses Inhabited.

At 3 Shil*. the House Duty. At id. /*r*Win-| clow, with 3 x. House Duty. At 6 d. per Window. At 8 d. per Window. At 10 d.per Window. At 1 Shilling per Window. At 11. a d. per Window. At 1 s. 4 per Window. At 1 x. 6 d. per Window. At 1 j. 7 d. per Window. At 11. 8 d. per Window. J At I J. 9 d. per Window. At I x. 10 d. per Window. At i x. 1 id. per Window. At 2 Shillings per Window. Total Number of Inhabited Houses.

286,296 I3I>95° 26,228 31.380 2I>925 38,3^4 14,063 11,856 67,652 5>i85 4,000 3>772 3>352 3.499 32>595 682,077

Houses Uninhabited.

o

CQ

cr

(D

o

o

c*

? At 3 Shills, the Houic Duty. At id. per Window, with 3 x House Duty. At 6d. per Window. At 8d. per Window. At ro d. per Window. 1 At i Sliil-j ling per j Window. At ix. id. per Window. At 1 x. 4 d. per Window. At ix. 6d. per Window. At ix. 7d. , .^r Window. At ix. Sd. per Window, At lx. 9d. per W indow. At 11. iod. per Window. At IX. lid per Window. At 2 Shilling* per Window. Total Numbei of uninhabited Houses. Total Number of inhabited and uninhabited Houses. Cottages difclnrgetf on Appeal. Cottages not charged by reason of Pd'verty. Total Number of Houses and Cottages.

8,421 3.°98 CO 959 7°7 969 484 417 1.731 x59 i53 141 120 145 995 19*396 7OI>473 7.360 243,901 952>734

The above is an Account of the Total Number of Houses and Cottages in England and Wales, from actual Surveys made last Summer, except in One Dillricl in y

the Surveyor of which has not yet made his Return, being disabled by lllnel's.

Office for Taxes, gth March 1778.

Cr Bighx),

John Trenc George Blount.

804 96 Martii. A. 1778

Total Number of HOUSES in London, and,

o

CO

e>

HOUSES INHABITED.

"00

Counties. At 31. the House Duty. At id. p<r Window, with House Duty. At 6#/. Window. A t %d. per Window. At 10d. Per W indow. At 1 Shilling per Window. At it. id. per Window. At ix. 4d. per Window At xx. 6d. per Window. At it. 7J. per Window. At fi. 8d. per Window. At 11. 9d. per Window. At ix. 10d. p.r Window. At if. lid. per Window. At 2 ShiU j lings per Window. Totnl Numher of inhibited Houses.

London 403 641 354 579 529 840 577 "OO 4.524 403 376 354 33° 368 3,086 14,064

Westminster 563 355 192 454 347 577 553 .'92 5.774 472 5°3 468 5°6 500 4,121 *5-977

Middlesex 4,110 3.858 1,464 2,279 i.713 2,825 *.539 1,520 9,622 676 57* 604 526 557 4,864 36,728

Southwark 662 923 476 626 516 670 33° 354 1,490 112 70 60 rt' v 38 55 " 489 6,871

5»738 5.777 2,486 3.938 3.io5 4.912 2,990; .*,166 21,41° 1,663 T 1,520^ f- > 11,486 IT1 1 vi'*400* 1,480 12,560 73,64o

=H

HOUSES UNINHABITED.-

T Counties. At 3x. the House Duty. I Vt 2 Pence p« Window, with House Duty. At 6d. per Wifedow. At %d. on Window. At iorf. per Window. At 1 Shilling pa Window. At is. 2d. per Window At is. 4x1. per Window* At is. 6d. Ptr Window. At is. 7d. per Window. At is. gd. per Winddn’. At is 9d. p-' WindiM. At is. loti. P'r . Window. At is 1 id. P’r Wuid^w.’ At 2 Shil lin^s p 1 AVirfdtnv. Total Nnmhei of uninhabited ' Hnufe<. TotaI Number of inhabited and im-inh.ihitrd House*. Cottages dif-cl arged on Appeal. Cottages never charged by rcafoi of Poverty. Total Numbei »f Houses and Ci tuijcs.

London 34 61 34 50 36 52 24 3* *79 *3 *5 *3 8 11 85 646 14,710 5 1,617 6,332

Westminster 55 27 *3 27 21 *7 *4 *9 105 8 9 5 9 *9 I IO 458 16,435 578 17,013

Middlesex 376 37° 108 *53 I 12 116 73 73 35° 21 25 33 13 24 156 2,008 -38,736 — 6,374 45,110

Southwark 37 34 *4 27 l6 32 12 *7 53 2 2 1 1 8 256 7,127 — 4,993 12,120

502 492 169 257 »* 00 cn 217 123 140 CO <0 44 5* 52 35 55 359 3»:j68 77,008 a 13-562 9°>575

Office for Taxes, Cr Rigby,

9th March 1778. John Trenchard,

Blount.

©O

o

OS

Total Nvmber of HOUSES and WINDOWS in Scotland.

g

<Q

r-h

n'

CD

Q_

O"

Number of Houses. . 7 Windows. S Wiudows. . 9 Windows. Windows. it Windows. 13 Windows. 13 Windows. 14 to 19 Windows. 30 Windows. 21 Windows. 22 Windows. 23 Windows. Widows. *5 Windows, and aH above. Total Number of Windows.

*7>OI3 27,482 11,280 9>36° 8,140 I2,452 6,300 3*809 *7*344, \ 3,180 , l»47° 1,782 1,426 1,776 43*55* *59*35*

Office for Taxes, 9 th Match 177&.

C'Rigby,

John Trenchard, George Blount.

.1

J. 177$.

18 GeoJIL od Martii. 807

Way* ' Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the and Mean* Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Paper -Lord George Germain presented to the House, pur-prefcoted. fuan{ to their Address to His Majesty,

Ext raft of a Letter from Lord George Germain to Sir William Howe, dated Whitehall, iSth May 1777.

And the Title of the said Extract was read.

Ordered, That the said Extract do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Extract is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Thimbleby An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain f,yndt Open Fields, Meadows, Ings, Common Pastures, and Indafuit. Moors, within the Parishes of and Edling-

imi, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Meadows, Ings, Common Pastures, and Moors, within the Parishes of Thimbleby and , in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

ie»frn The House being informed, that the several Persons fitherie*. residing near the River Severn, or interested in the Fishery therein, who petitioned this House upon Tuef-day last, praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the Bill for repealing fp much of Two Acts, passed in the First Year of Queen Elizabeth, and Thirtieth Year of King Charles the Second, as relates to the Size of the Melhes of Nets, and to the Length of the Nets, to be used in the River Severn, below Bridge,

and for better regulating the Fisheries, and preserving the Spawn and Fry of Fish, in the said River, and which Petition was then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time, declined "being heard by their Counsel upon the Second Reading of the said Bill;

Ordered, That the Order, made upon Tuesday last, for hearing the said Petitioners, by their Counsel, upon the Second Reading of the said Bill, be discharged.

Then the said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Barrow, Mr. Selwyn, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing near the River Severn, in the Counties of Gloucester, Worcester, and Salop, which was presented to the House upon the gth Day of February last, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

importa- Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

'obacco: Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of allowing the Re-importation of Tobacco exported from Great Britain, although the same may have been fold in Foreign Parts.

Way* Ordered, That the Order of the Dav, for the House

d Mean*. Vot| 3g

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further'of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Committ* Wednesday last, for the House lo resolve itself info a on Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, the

to consider further of the State of the Nation, might M°P’ be read.:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Commirnonen to enable His Majesty to appoint Commissioners, with

sufficient Powers, to treat, consult, and agree, upon America, the Means of quieting the Disorders now subsisting in certain of the Colonies, Plantations, and Provinces, of North America; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act American for removing all Doubts and Apprehensions concerning Declaratory Taxation, by the Parliament of Great Britain, in any Bl of the Colonies, Provinces, and Plantations, in North America and the West Indies;and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as imposes a Duty on Tea imported from Great Britain into any Colony or Plantation in America, or relates thereto; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Massachuset’s for repealing an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of r Bay His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for 0 ernn,e " the better regulating the Government of the Province of the Massachuset's Bay, in New England;" without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill, now ingrossed, for repealing General so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His Turnpike present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to ex- A^plain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parlia-" ment, the General Laws now in being, for regulating *( the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes," as is to subject Carriages, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, to the Payment of Double Tolfe, and for vacating Contracts for leafing Tolls, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- Importation

ing, *

9* — f9* Martii.

ing, resolve itself. into a Committee of the whole, House, to consider of the Petition of John Gnitton, Esqu.ice, and Thomas BinJIeed, Gentleman, on behalf of the Merchants concerned in the Importation and Exportation of Corn at the Port of Por/fmouth; and of the several other Petitions referred to the Conhdcratien of the said Committee.

r

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, uponlF

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ' House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy io°;

Anno i8° Georgii IIId1 Regis, 1778.

( Prayers.

Scarborough r| 'HE Earl of Tyram reported from the Cotp-Pier. A mittee, to whom the Bill for further continuing the Duties granted by Three Acts, made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third Year of His present Majesty?s Reign, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour' of Scarborough, in the County of was committed; That

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the BilJ, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with- the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for appointing the Bailiffs of Scarborough Commissioners.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, Hiat the Accounts shall be produced at the Michaelmas or Christmas Sessions.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Stow Poor. A Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundred of Stow, in the County of Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Staunton, Mr. Wollaston, &c.: And they are to meet‘ this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Itafinostoke A Bill for making a Navigable Canal, from the Canal.1 Town of Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton, to communicate with the River Wey, in the Parish of Cherlfey, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second Time

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Simeon Stuart, Sir Henry St. John, &c,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ingilby’a

Etfate.

Sir John Goodricke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for establishing (pursuant tp an Order of

14

tl?e.Cojurt of Cl^eery)4W |qnt^ed;into, for the Partition and

closed Lands, and- Rights of Co^rqe^^^thin, the, Manor of Ripley, in the County of York’,. .^y and between the Trustees of John Tngilby, Esquire, a Minor, and

JVyltCCjffvafour, Esquireffjfhemas (hii^Qn^dJiliza-bet/iEtefon, and jor.^UiecPucpofestl)e:'ciu!m>*nt\o«ed. jvas committed; Tfiatj the Commit^ bad examined the Allegations of t'ye, Bill, gn,d found thefatutt lo be true; and that the Parties concerned fjad given their Cpufent to the jBiH,;tjO.the; Satisfaction ,-»C thq Committee,; and thpt theiCoinmittee.hfm.gpne.throi^g'h the Bill, and . made several^Amendments thereunto, which they had directed ^o tqpqt't ip the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered -the Bill, „with; the ip £)>. the -

Clerk’s Table: Whorp tb<? Ajnenqmonts ,w,ene. Daee read throughout; apd then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Qu^ftjomfeyerally, put thereupon, were'agreed to by the House. " 4

Ordered, That the Rilh >vith the Amendments' be ingrossed. !. j

Sir Edward ley r.ept>Tie^ffrQpp the Committee, whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, apd inclosing, the Commons and W^e^apds, /Yvitjdy tfye J\prish of Tacolneston, in the County of Norfolk, wqs renownit-ted (with respect to One of the Commissioners, whole Name was, according to the Standing. Order of the House, of the 25th of -April 1774, in fly ted in the BUI presented to the(Hoqfe, and had been Jest opt by the Committee, and the isame of another Person uifisrtedifi his Head, without any Information given to the House-yf such Alteration having been made with the Knowledge or Consent of the Parties irvterested in the said Inclosurg) That the Committee had examined, and found thatthp Parties concerned had given their Contest to the said Alteration (except as is excepted in the former Report) and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments; be ingrossed,

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Comr mon Fields, Meadow Grounds, Common Fen, Cow Paliure, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Rujkington, in the County of Lwas read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brown-low Bertie, Mr. Pelham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Phelips reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for more effectually amending, widening, and keepingin Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, in the county of ; and for repeal-

ing Two ACta, One of the Twenty-fffth Year of his late Majesty, and the other of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, relating to the said Roads; and for amende ing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roods through the said Town of Taunton, and from Handy Cross to Hartrow Gate, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill and made several Amendments thereunto, which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report ia his Place; and

afterwards

,. -r

: * .*:

Tacolndh*

laclosure

Ruflunrtoo

Indolure.

Taantoa

Road*.

18 Geo. III. 10° 809

afterwards delivered the dill, with the Amendments, the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were " repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffieldy in the once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One " County of York," so far as the same Act relates to by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-, that Difirict or Part of the said Road, which lies between upon, were agreed to by the House. Wakefield and Sheffield, through and which

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be paflesjrom the said Town, and through Part of the ingrossed. Parish of Wakefield-, and also through the several Pa-

rithes, Townships, or Hamlets, of Sandal,

Colts to Mr. Charier AlcUifkreported from the Committee, to Woolley, Carlton, Burton, otherwise Monkbret-

Witnesses, whom the Bill for the Payment of Coils to Parties, on *

&c' Complaints determined before Justices of the Peace out kerfley Chapel nether End of Ecclesfield,

of Sessions; for the Payment of the Charges of Con- , and Part of the Parish to

fables in certain Cafes; and for the more effectual the said Town of Sheffield, in the said County of York-, Payment of Charges to Wi: uefles and Prosecutors of and also another Act of Parliament, passed in the any Larceny, or other Felony, was committed; That First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made to amend and render more effectual the said Act, several Amendments thereunto, which they haddirested passed in the said Thirty-first Year of the Reign him to report to the I lonfe; and he read the Report of his late Majesty, was referred; That the Com-iu his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with mittee had examined, and found that the Standing the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, re-

the Amendments were Once read throughout; and lative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the and that the Committee had examined the Matter of Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the said Petition; and had directed him to report the the House. fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered ingrossed. it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read;

and is as followeth;

Glow-filer An ingross’cd Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the

and Thirty-suit Year of the Reign of King George the Se- said Acts were read: And,

cond, for enlarging the Terms and Powers of several Mr. James Whea/e, being examined, said. That the

Acts passed for amending the Road from Gloucester to Trustees for the said Difirict have made a considerable

Stone, and other Hoads in the said Acts mentioned, so Progress in repairing and amending the Roads under

far as the same relates to the Road from the City of their Care, in doing which the Tolls have been duly

Gloucester, to the Town of Stroud, in the County of expended, together with a large Sum of Money bor-

Gloucester; and for granting other Powers for amend- rowed on the Credit thereof, and which amounts to

ing the said Road, was read the Third Time. £. 5,500, and still remains charged thereon; and that

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title the said Debt canftot be paid off, and the Roads be

be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from completely amended and kept iu. Repair, unless the

the City of Gloucester, to the Town of Stroud, in the Terms and Powers of the said Acts, so far as they re-

County of Gloucester. late to the said District, are further enlarged.

Ordered, That Sir William Guise do carry the Bill Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the

Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for

Chester Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom repairing the Road from to in the County

Nation. the Bi)1

for the more effectually carrying into exe- of York, so far as the same relates to the Road from eution the Powers contained in'Two several Acts of Wakefield to ;and also One other Act, made

Parliament, the One made in the Twelfth Year of in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, His present Majesty’s Reign, for making a Navigable for amending, and rendering more effectual, the said Cut, or Canal, from the River Dee, within the Li- Act: And that Sir Wray and Sir George Savile do berties of the City of Chester, to or near Middlexcich prepare, and bring in, the fame, and Nantwich, in the County of Chester;and the . other made in the Seventeenth Year of His said Ma- A Petition of several Proprietors of Lands in the jesty’s Reign, for varying and enlarging the Powers Parish of Sutton under Brails, in the County of Gloit-of the said former Act, was committed; and to whom cester, was presented to the House, and read; taking the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Undertaking for recovering and preferring the Navi- and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, gation of the River Dee, was referred; That the Com- in the Parish of Sutton under Brails, in the County of mittee had considered the said Petition; and had ex-; and Setting forth. That, if the same should

amined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same pass into a Law, as it is now drawn, it will very mate-to be true; and that the Committ.ee had gone through rially affect the Property of the Petitioners, and be the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, very detrimental to their Estates: And therefore pray-which they had directed him to report to the House; ing, That they may be heard, by themselves or their and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards Counsel, against the said Bill, or such Parts thereof as delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the shall appear to be injurious to their Property, and have Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once such Relief as the House shall think equitable and read throughout; and then a Second Tfrne, One by just.

One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Ta-were agreed to by the House. ble, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. Mr. reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-SirCccZ/lCrm/reported from the Committee, to whom mon Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable the Petition of the several Trustees, whole Names are Lands and Grounds, called Shuckburgh Fields, in thereunto lubscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the the County of Wancick, was committed; That the rest of the Trustees appointed to put in execution an Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Act of Parliament, palfed in the Thirty-full Year of Orders of the House, of the 25th of Afiril 1774, Vol. 36. g U relative

Lffds

anti

Sheffield

Road.

Sutton under Brails Inclosure.

Shuckburgh

Inclosure.

Pfthnal

Green

Road.

810 10° Martii. A. 1778.

relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of One Yard Land and Three Quarters, and One Cottage Common; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed consists of Twenty-six Yard I^ands, or thereabouts; and there are Eleven Cottage Commons; and that no Perl’on appeared before the Committee to oppoi'e the Bill) and that, the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the /Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the Trullees appointed to carry into execution a certain Act of Parliament, for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for making a Road from the East Side of the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, in the County of J'e.r, to the East End of Church Street, and to open a Way into Shoreditch, and for repairing, paving, and regulating. Old Cock Lane, Neiv Cock Lane, Church Street, and the Road on the West Side of the Opening into Shoreditch, and for removing Nuisances and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the same for the future, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, passed in the Seventh Lear of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " completing the Bridge cross the River from

" Binckfriars, in the City of London, to the opposite

" Side, in the County of Surrey, and the Avenues " thereto on the London Side; for redeeming the Tolls " on the said Bridge, and on London Bridgefor rebuilding the Gaol of Newgale, in the said City; for " repairing the Royal Exchange, within the same; for " embanking Part of the North Side of the said River, " within certain Limits; and for further continuing, " towards those Purposes, the Imposition of Six Pence " per Chaldron or Ton of Coals or Culm imported " into the Port of the said City, established by an Act " of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King " William and Queen Mary-, and also for carrying on " the new Pavements in the City and Liberties of Westminster, and Parishes adjacent, and in the Town and

" Borough of Southwark; and for other Purposes " therein mentioned," the Sum of £. 156,000 was allowed to be borrowed, for the Purpose of carrying on the several Public Works therein mentioned; and, in order to establish a Fund for the repaying of such Sum, the Duties on Coals and Culm imported into the Port of London were further continued to 1831;

and further Setting forth, That it appears, by the Votes, that the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, have petitioned for Power tfi raise a further considerable Sum of Money, upon the Credit of the Surplusses to arise from the said Fund charged on the Duties on Coals and Culm, to be applied in completing the rebuilding of Newgate, building a Sessions House, and doing other public Business, alleging, that the whole Debt charged upon the Coal Duties will nevertheless be paid oft’ long before the Time allowed by the said Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty; and that, after the Appropriation of the Sum of £. 40,000 to the Uses pray'ed by the Petition of the said City of London (if the House shall think proper to comply with the fame) there will still remain a considerable Surplus arising out

of the said Fund; and that, by* virtue of the Acts of Parliament for which the Petitioners are Trustees as aforesaid, they have paved the Streets and Places in the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, in the County' of Middlesex, therein mentioned, and such

Streets and Places are now in great Want of Re-paving, which will be attended with a large Expence, and when re-paved will be very beneficial to the Public; but that the Petitioners have not Money fuftieient to defray the Expence of carrying into execution, and completing, the said useful Purposes; and that a considerable Part of the Duty on Coals arises from the Consumption of that Article within the Limits of the Places so to be re-paved as aforesaid, and consequently the Duty thereof is paid by the Inhabitants there, who at present are burthened with numerous Taxes, more than they' can well bear: And therefore praying, That a fuftieient Part of the Surplus to arise out of the aforesaid Fund, after Payment of the Monies already charged thereon, may be applied in Aid of the Purposes for which the Petitioners are Trustees as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Wilkes, Sir Herbert Mackworth, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to remove certain Difficulties relative to Voters at County Elections: And that Sir Cecil Wray, Mr. Powys, Mr. Phelips, Mr. Penruddock, Mr. Winchcombe Hartley, the Lord Ongley, Mr. Foley, Mr. Hungerford, Sir William Guise, Sir William Middleton, Mr. Chester, Mr. Core, Sir George Cornewall, Mr Johnes, Mr. Elzves, Mr. Goddard,

and Mr. Popham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Commissioners for executing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for opening Communications between " ping Street and Ratcliff' Highway, and between Old " Gravel Lane and Virginia Street, and for paving " certain Streets intended to be built, and also certain " other Streets, and public Passages and Places, within " the Parishes of Saint George, and Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for completing the Bridge cross the " River Thames, from Blackfriars, in the City of " London, to the opposite Side, in the County of Surrey, and the Avenues thereto on the London Side;

" for redeeming the Tolls on the said Bridge, and on " London Bridge; for rebuilding the Gaol of,

" in the said City'; for repairing the Royal Exchange, " within the same; for embanking Part of the North " Side of the said River, within certain Limits; and " for further continuing, towards those Purposes, the " Imposition of Six Pence per Chaldron or Ton of " Coals and Culm imported into the Port of the said " City, established by an Act of the Fifth and Sixth "Years of the Reign of King William and Queen " Mary; and also for carryingon the new Pavements " in the City and Liberties of and Parishes

" adjacent, and in the Town and Borough of " zvark;and for other Purposes therein mentioned,"

the Sum of £. 156,000 was allowed to be borrowed, for the Purpose of carrying on several public Works therein mentioned; and, in order to establish a Fund for repaying such Sum, the Duties on Coals and Culm imported in the Port of London were further continued to Michaelmas 1831; and that £.50,000, Part of the before-mentioned Sum of 156,000, were

by

Voter*

at

County

Eie&ious.

Wapping

Streets.

18 Geo. III. 10" Martii.

811

General um pike

aa.

by the said 1 aft-mentioned Act directed to i>c applied in rebuilding the Gaol of Newg;and several other Sums were directed to be applied for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and that some Progress has been made in paving the Streets directed to be paved by the said Act of the laltSetfion of Parliament, and in carrying the said. Act into execution, with respect to the several other Works thereby directed to be done, but the Petitioners have not been able to open the Communications directed by the said Act, owing to the Extent of the Works, the Necessity of pulling down several old Houses, and the Insufficiency of the Rates granted by the said Act; and further Setting forth, That it appears, by the Votes, that the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of , have peti-

tioned for Power to raise a further considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit or the Surpluses to arise from the said Fund, charged upon the Duties on Coals and Culm, to be applied in completing the rebuilding of Xewgafe, building a Sessions House, and doing other public Business, alleging, that the whole Debt charged upon the said Coal Duties will nevertheless be paid off long before the Time allowed by the said Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty; and that the Works under the Petitioners Management are of a public Nature, and a.very considerable Proportion of the Duties on Coals is paid by the Inhabitants of the said Parishes of Saint George, and Saint John of,

and Places adjacent, there being many Brewers, Glass-makers, Diliiliers, Sugar Refiners, Founders, and others, using immense Quantities of Coals in their several Bu-liuefies, carried on there: And therefore praying, That, if a further Sum be allowed to be borrowed upon the Surplusses to arise on the said Duties on Coals and Culm, to be applied for the Purposes mentioned in the said Petition from the City of London, a Part of such Surplusses may likewise be appropriated towards completing the Works directed to be done by the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the tonlideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Whitworth, Sir Charles Whitworth, tcc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, " and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike " Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, " and for other Purposes," as is to subject Carriages, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of Iefs Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, to the Payment of Double Tolls, and for vacating Contracts for leafing Tolls, be now road.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read the t hird Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j } 5*-

rp „ r x- V Sir Thomas Clavering 7 Tellers for the N°es> j Mr Turner: } <*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be. An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and " reduce into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws * now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in Yol. 36. 16

" that Part of Great Britain Called England, and for " other Purposes," as is to subject Carriages, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, to the Payment of Double Tolls, and for vacating Contracts for leafing Tolls.

Ordered, That Mr. George Onjlodo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Law* WedneJ'day the 25th Day of February Jail, for the relating House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Se^^rs House, upon Thursday next, upon the Bill to explain and amend the Laws now in being relating to Sewers, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Sevennight, the 19th Day of this Inllant March, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Importation to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of ®Brn* to consider of the Petition of John Guilton, Esquire, and Thomas Binjleed, Gentleman, on behalf of the Merchants concerned in the Importation and Exportation of Corn at the Port of Portsmouth, and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Howard took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Howard reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Turner reported from the Committee, to whom Laughton the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Tythes. for establishing an Agreement, for discharging the Manor of Laughton, in the County of Leicester, and certain

Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Laughton, from the Payment of Tythes, or any Modus or Rate for Tythe; and for veiling other Lands and Hereditaments in the Rector of the said Parish, and his Successors, as a Compensation for the said Tythes, and in Lieu thereof was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s '

Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Co- Army pies of the last Returns of His Majesty’s Land Forces Returns, in Great Britain and Ireland.

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Estates, Blackfriars in the Counties of Surrey, Kent, and and in Bridge,

the City of London, and of several other Persons being Traders, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, Qf the Parts contiguous to Blackfriars Bridge, and the Avenues thereof, on both Sides of the River Thames, was presented tothe House, and read; Setting forth, that an Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of 'King George the Second, for building a Bridge cross the River from Blackfriars, in the City of London, to the opposite

Igy.

81

i o° Mart

A. 1778.

Side, in the County of Surrey, and the City of London Fuad for several Purposes within the said City: And were thereby impowered to take Tolls for the Passage therefore praying. That the Surplusses from Time to over the said Bridge, and to raise upon the Credit of the Time to arise out. of the said Fund may, in the first laid Tolls .£.160,000, of which Sam £ 144,000 was Place, be applied in redeeming the Tolls now taken for raised accordingly; and that an Act passed in the Se- the Passage over the said Bridge, in such Manner as to venth Year of Hispresent Majesty, for completing the the House llmll seem meet.

said Bridge, and the Avenues thereto on the Lowi/fl/iSide, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the and for various other Purposes, by which Act, after re- Consideration of a Committee: And that they do citing that over and above the Money raised by virtue examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as of the said former Act, and over and above certain Pro- it shall appear to them, to the House: fits and other Sums contributed for that Purpose, there And it is referred to Sir Herbert Mr.

would be wanting to complete the said Bridge, and to Hozcard, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow make the necessary Streets and Ways to it on the Lon- Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s don Side, the further Sum of £.58,500; and, that the Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Pa-laid Bridge might, in due d ime, be freed and exempted pers, and Records, from the Payment of the said Tolls, it was enacted, that

the Fund, called The Orphans Fund, should be charged A Petition of several Merchants and Traders in the Bhckfrian with the Principal and luterest of the said£. 144,000 so Town and Borough of and Parishes of Bridge,

borrowed, and of the said Sum of £.58,500; and for Saint Mary Saint Mary Magdalen Berm on d-

the rendering the said Fund sufficient, for that among fey, and Saint Mary at Rot herd he, in the County of Sur-olber Purposes charged: thereupon, the Duties on Coals rey, was presented to the l louse, and read; Setting forth,

and Culm imported into the Port of London, payable by That the Petitioners are informed. Application is mak-foroier Acts, were thereby further continued to Michael- ing to the House, to grant a Part of the Surplusses mas 1831; and that the Petitioners are well informed, arising from the Coal Duties, to pay off the Money due the Whole of the said Debts, as well, as others charged on the Tolls on Blackfriars Bridge, and that there is a on the said Fund so constituted, will be paid off long heavy l oll upon all Carriages ul'ed in Trade passing before the Time allowed by the said lall Act; and that over London Bridge, and the Petitioners conceive, that at the Time the said Act passed, it was presumed the taking off the said Toll would he very essential to the Surplusses of the said Fund would do no more than pay Trade of the Town and Borough of Soutlnvcvrk, and all off the several Sums charged thereupon, together with the Eastern Parts thereof; and that such Trade will be Interest for the fame, by the Time above mentioned; much affected, in case the Toll on Blackfriars Bridge is and it was therefore enacted, that the City of London abolished, and not that on London Bridge: And there-should he charged with a Debt of £.20,000 to the fore praying, That, in case the House shall provide for Coininiilioners for paving the Streets of the City and taking off the Toll at Blackfriars Bridge, they will also liberties of Westminster, and of £. 12,000 to the Com- provide for abolishing the Toll on London Bridge. millioners lor paving the Streets of the Town and Bo- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the rough of Southwark, and luterest for the fame, until Consideration of the Committee, to whom the last pre-the said Sums were.discharged; and for the Purpose of ceding Petition is referred: And that they do exa-discharging the said several Sums, it was further enacted, mine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, that the Tolls payable for the Passage over London as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Bridge, and over Blackfriars Bridge, which otherwise

would have ceal'ed, should continue from the 29th Day A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and of September 1770, until the said Debts should be so Mr. Leeds: paid and discharged; and that the Petitioners are in- Mr. Speaker,

iormed the City of London have received sufficient Sums The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lancin;

of Money, the Produce of the said Tolls on London for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with rel'pest to Bridge and Blackfriars Bridge, so as to discharge the the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this rzc 0O"!' said Debts of £.20,000 and £ 12,000, and all Interest Kingdom; without any Amendment: And also, due thereon at Christmas last; and that an Act passed The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Militia in tire Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for making for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of ar:‘ Roads from the South End of Blackfriars Bridge to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England,

Saint George's Fields, a,nd across the fame, whereby the for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of City of London were impowered to continue the Tolls March, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-payable as above mentioned, ou Blackfriars Bridge, eight; and for filling up Vacancies in the Militia in until they should receive and be reimbursed all such the Cafes therein mentioned; without any Amend Sums of Money as they should expend in making the ment: And also,

laid new Roads; and the Petitioners beg Leave to fug- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Exporta-ioa gelt, if the said Duties on Coals and Culm had been pre- for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of ot fumed of that Extent, at the Time the said Act of the Wheat Flour, Biscuit, and Peal’e, to Newfoundland, e^‘0£r’ Seventh Year of His present Majesty passed, as by Ex- Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador-, without any perience they have been found to amount to, the Tolls Amendment.

would not have been continued on Blackfriars Bridge, And then the Messengers withdrew, but tire same would at this Time have been freed from the Incumbrance and Obstruction of a Toil; and that Sir Charles according to Order, reported Ways

the said Bridge is a very great Avenue to the Center of from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it »ndM«us. 1 he City of London, and forms the moll direct Line of was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for Communication between the Places contiguous thereto, railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolu-as well as the more distant Counties, and the Tolls tions which the Committee had directed him to report taken for Passage over the same are a heavy Burthen to the House; which he read in his Place; and after-upon Trade, and in particular injurious to the Owners wards delivered iu at the Clerk’s Table: Where the of Eiiates in, and Inhabitants of, the Counties of Sur- fame- were read; and are as followeth; rey, Kent, and Middlesex, and in the City of London, Befblved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, by preventing a free Intercourse between the Places That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma-above mentioned; and that, the Petitioners are informed, jesty, the Sum be raised by Annuities,

the City of London are making Application for Power and the further Sum of 480,000 by a Lottery, in to raise Money on the Credit of the Surplus of the said Manner following; that is to say.

That

18 Geo. III. i o* Martiu 813

That every Contributor to the said £.6,000,000 shall, for every £.100 contributed, be entitled to an Annuity, after the Kate of £.3 Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament; and also to a further Annuity of £. 2. iOf. per Centum per Annum, to continue for a certain Term of 30 Years, and then to cease; the said Annuity of £.3 'perCentum, and of £. 2. io.v. per Centum, to commence from the gth Day of January/

i77S, and to be payable and transferrable at the Bank of England, and to be paid Half Yearly on the 5th Day of July and the 5th Dn v of January in every Year; and shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, a Fund, to be established in this Session of Parliament. for Payment thereof, and for which the Sinking Fund shall be a collateral Security.

That every Contributor, or his or her Representa-five* who shall choose to have and receive a Life Annuity instead of the said Annuity of £. 2. per Centum per Annum, to continue for aTerm of 30 Years as aforesaid, shall, upon completing the Whole of his or her Contribution Money, and signitying such his or her intention to the ChiefCafhier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, have a Certificate signed by him, the said Cashier, expressing the Sum so paid by such Contributor, or his or her Representative, and the Annuity, after the Rate of £. 2. 10s. per Centum per Annum, to which such Person is entitled in respect of the fame; and shall, upon producing such Certificate to the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, at any Time on or before the 22d Day of December next, have and be entitled to a like Annuity, after the Rate of £. 2. iov. per Centum per Annum, to be paid at the Rec eipt of the Exchequer, to commence from the 5 th Day of January 1778, and to be paid and payable Half Yearly on the 5th Day of July and the 5th Day of January in every Year, during the Life of such Nominee as he or she shall appoint at the Time of delivering such Certificate to the said Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of the said Fund, to be established in this Session of Parliament, and for which the Sinking Fund is to be a collateral Security.

That every Contributor towards raising the said Sum of £.6,000,000 shall, for every £.500 by him or her contributed, be entitled to Four Tickets in a Lottery to consist of 48,000 Tickets, amounting to

£480,000, upon Payment of the further Suni of £. 10 for each Ticket; the said £.480,000 to be distributed into Prizes for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the fortunate Tickets in the said Lottery, which shall be paid in Money at the Bank of England, to such Proprietors, upon Demand, as soon after the 1 ft Day of March 1779, as Certificates can be prepared, without any Deduction whatsoever.

That every Contributor shall, on or before the 171b Day of this Instant Marc It, make a Deposit of £.10 per Centum, on such Sum as he or she shall choose to subscribe, towards raising the said Sum of£. 6,000,000, with the Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Enand also a Deposit of£.i5 per Centum, with the said Cashier or Cashiers, in Part of the Monies to be contributed towards raising the said Sum of £.480,000 by a Lottery, as a Security for making the future Payments respectively, on or before the Days or Times herein after limited, that is to say.

On /.6,000,obo for Annuities.

£.10 per Centum, on or before the 14th Day of April next.

£.15 per Centum, on or before the 19th Day of May next.

£.10 per Centum, on or before the 23d Day of June next.

£.15 per Centum, on or before the 4t.l1 Day of

gu/t next.

£.10 per Centum, on or before the 15th Day of September next.

Vol. 36.

£.10 per Centum, on or before the 23d Day of October next.

£.10 per Centum, on or before the 20th Day of November next.

£.10 per Centum, on or before the 18th Day of December next.

On the Lottery, for £.480,000.

£.20 per Centum, on or before the 28th Day of April next.

£.20 per Centum, on or before the 3d Day of July next.

£.20 per Centum, on or before the 25th Day of August next.

£.25 per Centum, on or before the 9th Day of October next.

That all the Monies, so to be received by the said Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, to be applied, from Time to Time, to such Services as shall then have been voted in this Session of Parliament.

That every Contributor, who shall pay in the Whole of his or her Contribution Money, towards the said' Sum of £.6,000,000 to be contributed for Annuities as aforesaid, at any Time before the 17 th Day of November next, or on Account of his or her Share in the said Lottery, on or before the 21st Day of August next, shall be allowed an Interest, by Way of Discount, after the Rate of £.3 per Centum per Annum, on the Sums so completing his or her Contribution Money respectively, to be computed from the Day of completing the fame, to the 18th Day of December next, in regard to the Sum to be paid for the said Annuities, and to the 9th Day of October next, in respect of the Sum to be paid on Account of the said Lottery; and that all such Persons as shall make their full Payments on the said Lottery, shall have their Tickets delivered to them as soon. as they can conveniently be made out.

That the Annuities after the Rate of £.3 per Centum per Annum, to be payable in respect of the said £. 6,000,000, <0 be contributed as aforesaid, shall, from the Time of their Commencement, be added to, and made One JointStock with, the£-3 ])er Centum Annuities consolidated, per Acts 250, 28", 29*, 31®, 32°, and 33°, Georgii zil, and by several subsequent Acts, and shall be payable and transferable at the Bank of England, and subject to Redemption, in the same Manner as the said £.3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities are payable and transferable there, and redeemable by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Eight Pounds Eight Shillings per Tun belaid upon all French Wines and French Vinegar, and of Four Pounds Four Shillings per Tun upon all other Wines and Vinegar, which shall be imported into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be granted to His Majesty a Yearly Duty of Six Pence in the Pound on the Annual Values of all Inhabited Dwelling Houses within the Kingdom of Great Britain, with the Houshold Offices, Courts, and Yrards, therewith occupied, which are, or shall be, worth the Rent of £. 3 and upwards, and under the Rent of £.50 by the Year; and a Yearly Duty of One Shilling in the Pound on all other Inhabited Dwelling Houses, with their Appurtenances, as aforesaid, which are, or shall be, worth the Rent of £. 50 ami upward*, by the Year; the said Duties to be paid by the Oopn^ piers of such Dwelling Houses respectively. - >

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committe That, the better to enable His Majesty to vindicate and support the Honour and Dignity of His Crown, and the Dominions thereto belonging, in the present Exigency of Affairs, there be granted to His Majesty One-fourth Part of the Net annual Income upon the

9 X Salaries,

Way* and Meant-

814

iow — ii°

Martii.

A. 1778.

Salaries, Fees, and Perquisites, of all Offices under the Crown (except those held by the Speaker of the House of Commons, the Chancellor or Commissioners of the Great Seal, the Judges, Ministers to Foreign Parts, Commission Officers in the Navy and Army, and all others, which do not produce a clear Income of per Annum to the Person or Persons enjoying the fame) and also of all Annuities, Pensions, Stipends, or other yearly Payments, issuing out of the Exchequer, or airy Branch of His Majesty’s Revenue, after deducting all Fees, Taxes, and other Outgoings, charged thereupon

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended His Majesty, in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills following; viz.

An Act to enable His Majesty to appoint Commissioners, with sufficient Powers, to treat, consult, and agree upon, the Means of quieting the Disorders nowr subsisting in certain of the Colonies, Plantations, and Provinces, of Nor/h America,

An Act for removing all Doubts and Apprehensions

respectively, by Authority of Parliament, to commence concerning Taxation, by the Parliament of Great from the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Se- tain, in any of the Colonies, Provinces, and Planta-ven hundred and Seventy eight, and to continue for tions, in North America and The Indies; and for

repealing so much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as imposes a Duty on Tea imported from Great Britain into any Colony

141

147.

mail*

loufe.

One Year, and during the Continuance of this American War.

The Three first Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas $ ^r‘

1 eiiers lor the Yeas,£ Mr Ba&er.

Tollers for the Noes* *r Horn, HogNon,

’( Sir Grey Cooper.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions, which have been agreed to by the House: And that Sir Charles the Lord

North, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr Cornwall, the Lord Westcote, the Lord Palmerston, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Grey and Mr. Ro-

binfon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord George Germain presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Copy, Inrolment of Commission to Lord Viscount Howe and General William Howe.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill to enable the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond to establish and main-

tain a Light House on the Rocks called The Smalls, in

Saint George's Channel, be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, ii° die Martii;

Anno 18* Georgii IIIrii Regis, 1778. Prayers.

A (Tent A M ESS A G E from His Majesty, by Sir Francis w JTjL Mofyneux, Gentleman Uffier of the Black Rod: "* Ml*. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

or Plantation in America, or relates thereto:

An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, " A11 " Act for the better regulating the Government of the " Province of the Massachuset'sBay, in New " land

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters:

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day o I March One Thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight; and for filling up Vacancies in the Militia in the Cafi^s therein mentioned:

An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and lauding certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom:

An Act for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat Flour, Biscuit, and Pease, to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, BayChaleand Labrador:

An Act for repealing certain Parts of Three several Acts of Parliament, of the First, the Seventeenth, and the Thirtieth, Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, made for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Borough of in the County of Worcester; and for repairing and widening the Road from Fvesham Bridge, in the said Borough, to the Globe Inn in Alcester, in the County of Warwick.

A Bill for widening, paving, and improving. Dirty Dirty Lint, Lane, and Part of Brick Lane, leading from - ,n

chapel to Spita fields, in the County of Middlesex, was p'ating

read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Hayley, Mr. Alderman Oliver, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Thomas Berney Bramston, Esquire, which was prel’ented to the House upon Friday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Sir William Middleton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, residing in the County of Northumberland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Tmftees

Morpeth,

Sec.

Road.

in

18 Geo. III. 1 to Martii. 815

in A certain Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty- Parillies of Shinfield and in the several Counfifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George ties of and Southampton, to

the Second, intituled, "An Act; for repairing the in the said County of Southampton: And that Mr.

" Road leading from the Town of Morpeth, by or Annejley and Mr. Dodd do prepare, and bring in, the *c through Mitford, Thropple, Iwngzcitton, and by the fame.

" North Side of Rothley Park-wall to StingCrofs, and

" to The High Cross in El/'don, in the County of An ingrossed Bill for establishing (pursuant to Ingilby’*

" Northumberlandand several other Gentlemen, An Order of the Court of Chancery) an Agreement Clergy, and Freeholders, residing in the said County entered into for the Partition and Exchange of certain of Northumberland, was referred; That the Committee Open and Inclosed Lands, and Rights of Common,

had examined, and found that the Standing Orders within the Manor of in the County of by

of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to and between the Trustees of John Esquire, a

Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that Minor, and F.squire, Thomas

the Committee had examined the Matter of the said ston, and Elizabeth and for other Purposes

Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it therein rqentioned, was read the Third Time, appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Re- Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title port in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the be, An Act for assigning certain Open and Inclosed Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read: and is as Lands, and Rights of Common, within the Manor of

followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. ..... Let ferny, being examined, said, The Trustees have made a considerable Progress in putting the said Roads into Repair; in the doing of which, the Tolls have, together with a Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, been duly applied, but that the same cannot be completely amended and kept in Repair, and the Money so borrowed be paid off, unless the Terms and Powers of the said Act are enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Morpeth, by or through Mitford, Thropple, Longwitton, and by the North Side of Rothley Park-wall, to Sting Cross, and to The High CroJ's in Elfdon, in the County of And

that Sir William Middleton and Lord Algernon Percy do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Reading Mr. Annejley reported from the Committee, to whom to the Petition of the Trustees for putting in execution Bjfingstoke Three several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Fourth 08 Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, and the Ninth and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways leading from Crown Corner, in the Town of Reading, through the several Parishtes of and Heckfield,

in the several Counties of Berks, Wilts, and Southampton, to Basingstoke, in the said County of Southampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed bun to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Martin Annejley, Esquire, informed your Committee, That the Trustees appointed by the said Acts have proceeded in the execution thereof, and borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, which have been duly applied in the Repair of the said Roads; that the Sum of £.1,500 now remains due, which cannot be paid off, and the said Roads effectually repaired, unless the Term of the said Acts is further continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers of the several Acts passed, for repairing the Highways leading from Croivn Corner, in the Town of Reading, through the several Vol. 36.

Ripley, in the County of York, pursuant to an Agreement entered into between the Trustees of John Ingilby,

Esquire, a Minor, and Walter Vavafour, Esquire,

Thomas Grimflon, and Elizabeth EleJ'on, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir John Goodricke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

Mr. Ilozoard, according to Order, reported from the Importation Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- of

ferred to consider of the Petition of John Guillon, Corn‘

Esquire, and Thomas BinJleed, Gentleman, on Behalf of the Merchants concerned in the Importation and Exportation of Corn at the Port of and of

the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for allowing Corn, Grain, and Flour, imported into the Ports of Portsmouth, Sandzvich, Chichester, and Chester, to be landed without Payment of the Duties, under the like Restrictions as Corn, Grain, and Flour, are allowed to be landed at the several Ports mentioned in an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to " regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn."

And Mr. Howard moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for allowing Corn, Grain, and Flour, imported into the Ports of Portsmouth, Sandwich, and

to be landed without Payment of the Duties, under the like Restrictions as Corn, Grain, and Flour, are allowed to be landed at the several Ports mentioned in an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation " and Exportation of Corn:" And that Mr. Howard,

Mr. B rett, Mr. Suckling, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, and General Keppel, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act Lambeth to enable the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury to enfran- ^Ianor* chife and grant a finall Parcel of Glebe and Waste Land, belonging to the Manor of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey; and also to enable the Rector of the Parish of Saint Mary, Lambeth, or his Successors, to build a Parsonage House on Part of the said Glebe and Waste Land, and to grant Building Leases of other Parts thereof, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act E«rlof for vesting in the Right honourable Charles Howard, Sunrjr* Esquire, commonly called Charles Earl of Surrey, and his Heirs, the settled Estates of the said Earl, in the Counties of Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Surrey, sub-

jest

Earl of Surrey 9% Estates.

Browne's

Estates.

Kerfall

hiclosure.

Lambeth

Manor.

Land Tax Arrears.

BaGngstoke

Canal.

816 ii° Martii. A. 1778.

jest to certain Charges affecting the fame; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Nleffengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in the Right honourable Charles,

ElVshire, commonly called Charles Earl of Surrey, and his Heirs, the settled Estates of the said Earl, in the Counties of Cumberland, Westm and Surrey, subject to certain Charges affecting the fame, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting th6 Timber and Wood growing upon the Estates of Henry Perryn Browne, Esquire, in the County of York, in Trustees, to sell the same, and apply the

Money arising therefrom for making A Recpmpence to Sir Richard Perryn, his Father, for the Charges and Expences of making Buildings and Improvements upon the same Estate, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Edward Bentinck presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Kerfall, in the Parish of Kneefall, and County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refulved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Lord Archbishop of to en-

franchise and grant a small Parcel of Glebe and Waste Land, belonging to the Manor of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey; and also to enable the Reeor of the Parish of Saint Maty, Lambeth, or his Successors, to build a Parlonage House on Part of the said Glebe and Waste Land, and to grant Building Leases of other Parts thereof, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " An Account " of what Arrears of Land Taxes were Handing out " at Michaelmas 1777, with the Names of the respective Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears remain, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof," which was presented to the House upon the 22d Day of January last, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cator, Mr. Bidler &c. And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the Counties of Southampton, and Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for making a navigable Canal, from the Town of Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton, to communicate with the River Wey, in the Parish of Chertj'cy, in the County of Surrey; and Setting forth, That, if a navigable Canal was made, from the South East Side of the Turnpike Road in the Parish of in the said County of Southampton, over TurgiJ's Green, and through the Parish of Hartley Westpall, to communicate with the intended Canal, at a Farm called Hull's Farm, in the said Parish of Hartley Westpall, (being the Distance of One Mile and an Hall, or thereabouts) the same would be of great Benefit to the Country, and of public Utility; and that the Owners and Occupiers of

all the Lands, through which the said Canal is pro-, posed to be made, are consenting that the same should be made through their Estates: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made, in the said Billy for making the said Canal, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Henry St. John, Sir Simeon Stuart, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A11 ingrossed Bill for the more effectually carrying into execution the Powers contained in Two several Acts of Parliament, the one made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to or near and Nantwicti, in the County of and the other

made in the Seventeenth Year of His said Majesty’s Reign, for varying and enlarging the Powers of the said former Vet, was read the Third Time.;

The Amendments following were, severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 9. 1. 20. To leave out from " C to " any" in Line iz, and insert " to wit, at " Chester in Aand at Tor parley

" in October'’ instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectually carrying into execution the Powers contained in Two several Acts of Parliament, the one made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to or near Middlewich and wieh, in the County of Chester; and the other made in the Seventeenth Year of His said Majesty’s Reiga, for varying and enlarging the Powers of the said former Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Crewe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, or Inhabitants, in Goodman's Fields, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for completing the Bridge " cross the Rives Thames, from in the City

" of London, to the opposite Side, in the County of " Surrey, and the Avenues thereto on the London Side,

" for redeeming the Tolls on the said Bridge, and on " London Bridge ;for rebuilding the Gaol of,

" in the said City; for repairing The.Royal Exchange,

" within the same; for embarking Part of the North " Side of the said River; and for further continuing,

" towards those Purposes, the Imposition of Six Pence " per Chaldron or Ton of Coals and Culm, imported into the Port of the said City, established " by an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the " Reign of King William and Queen Mart)and also " for carrying on. the new Pavements in the City and " Liberties of Westminster, and Parishes adjacent, and

" in the Town and Borough of Southwark; and for " other Purposes therein mentioned," the Sum of f. 156,000 was allowed to be borrowed, for the Purpose of carrying on several Public Works therein mentioned; and, in order to establish a Fund for repaying such Sum, the Dut ies on Coals and Culm, imported in 13 the

Chester

Navigation:

Goodman1;

Fields

Streets.

Vefervation of Game in * Scotland.

Severn

Cilleries.

18 Geo. III. 1i° Marlii.. 81

tire Port of London, we re further continued to Michael-

mas 1831; and that £. 50,000, Part of the 'before-mentioned Sum of £. 156,000, was, by the said last mentioned Art, diverted to be applied in rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate, and other Purposes relative thereto; and £. 12,000 was given to the Petitioners, to enable

them to execute their Trull; and that great Progress has been made in paving the said Town and Borough of Southwark, but the Petitioners have not been able

to boinplete the fame, owing-to the Extent of the Works, and the Infufticier.ey of the Monies applicable thereto by the said Art of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty; and further setting forth, that it appears, by the Votes, that the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, -of the City of London, have petitioned for Power to raise a further considerableSum of Money, upon the Credit of the Surplusses to arise from the said Fund, charged upon the Duties on Coals and Culm, to be applied in completing the rebuilding of Newgale, building a Sessions House, and doing other public BufineE; and that the w hole Debt charged upon the said Cohl Duties will nevertheless be paid off long before the Time allowed by the said Art of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty; and that the Three principal Avenues from the Minories and Whitechapel High Street into Goodman sFields, are very narrow, and dan-

gerous for Cattle and Carriages; being great Thoroughfares, many Delays and Inconveniences are occasioned thereby; and that the said Avenues lead to a Part of the Town, man}' of the Inhabitants of which being Distillers, Brewers, Glass-makers, and Sugar-refiners, are coulidedable Consumers of Goals, and, from the Kature of their several Trades, occasion a great Gon-course.of Carts and other Carries to pass andrepafs through the said Avenues; and that the Inhabitants and Owners of Estates in the said Parts, have already exerted themselves to the Extent of their Abilities in paving and lighting the fame; but, although the making the said Avenues wide and commodious would ndt only be highly convenient and advantageous to the Petitioners, and the Inhabitants in general, but of great public Utility, yet they find themselves quite incapable of furnishing the Sum necessary for completing the fame: And therefore praying, That if any further Sum be allowed to be borrowed upon the Surplusses to arise of the said Duties on Coals and Culm; to be applied for the Purposes mentioned in the said Petition from the City of London, a Part of such Surplusses may likewil’e be 'appropriated to enable the Petitioners to execute the above-mentioned public Works; and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Chnsideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Ural 1- appear to them, to the -House:

And it is referred to Mr. Byng, Mr. Ehoes, c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Archibald Edmonfione presented to the House,

according to Order, a Bill to restrain Apprentices, Tradesmen, and other unqualified Persons, from de-flToying the Game, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for granting to Proprietors of-

Land in Scotland further Powers with regard to killing of Game*. And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bdl be read a.Second Time,

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and-Commonalty, of the City of Bristol, under theiF Common Seal,

VOL. 36.

was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for repealing so much of Two Arts, passed in the First Year of Queen Elizabeth and Thirtieth Year of King Charles the Second, as relates to the Size of the Melhes-of Nets, and to the Length of the Nets, to be used in the River Severn below Gloucester Bridge, and for belter regulating the Fisheries, and preserving the Spawn and Fry of Fish, in the said River; and Setting forth, That it is intended thereby to restrain Persons from using Nets in the said River Severn below Gloucester Bridge, but of certain Dimensions, front taking Salmon therein during the Months of March and April, and for regulating the Putt Fisheries within the said Limits; and that the Markets, for Filli in the-City of Bristol, are supplied with Salmon in great

Abundance, and with many other Sorts of Fish, by the Fisheries in the said River Severn; and that great Quantities of very fine and seasonablcSalmonare usually brought to the said Markets in the Months wherein those Fisheries are, by the said Bill, intended to be restrained; and that very large Quantities of Plaice, Flounders, Soals, Whitings, Herrings, Sprats, Eels, Tubling, and Shrimps, are taken in the said River Severn, below a certain Weir called Hock Crib, otherwise Hook Crib, in the Parish of Frethren, in the County of Gloucester, and from Time immemorial have been so taken (of a proper Size, and without dellroying the Spawn) by Putts, and from the Nature of the River such Fisheries cannot be carried on, so as to afford the Markets an ample Supply in any other Manner, nor can Salmon be taken in large Quantities below the said Weir, but by Nets of a peculiar Construction, and of different Dimensions, from those intended by the said Bill; and therefore, should the same pass into a Law, in its present Form, the usual Supply of Fish would be much lessened, to the great and riianifelt Injury of the Inhabitants of the City of Bristol: And therefore praying. That the Provisions of the said Bill may not extend to the Fisheries in that Part of the said River Severn which lies below the said Weir, or Place called Hock Crib, otherwise Hook Crib ,\or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as shall be thought just and equitable.,

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Inhabitants of the City of Bristol and the Neighbourhood thereof, on behalf of themselves and the other. Inhabitants of the said City and Neighbourhood, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,. That the City of Bristol and its Neighbourhood are supplied with Salmon almost wholly, with.Plaise, Shrimps, and Sprats, entirely, and with other Sea Fish in a very great Degree, by the Fisheries in the River Severn;almost all whidh Fisheries, below a certain Part of the River in the Parish of Frethem, in the County of called the Hook

Crib, are, and Time immemorially have been, carried -on by Putts; and that the Petitioners are informed a Bill is depending to repeal so much of Two Arts, passed in the First Year of Queen Elizabeth and the Thirtieth ,of King Charles Abe Second, as relates to the Size of the Melhes, and Length of the Nets, to be used in the-River Severn below Gloucester Bridge, and for better regulating the Fisheries, and preserving the Spawn and Fry of'Fish, in the said River, and that' thereby the Use of Putts in the said River is intended to be restrained in a Manner which will be injurious to the Bristol Market; and the Petitioners apprehend, that, if Nets of a smaller Melli and greater Length than those mentioned in the said Arts, were permitted to be used, they would not in any Measure destroy the Spawn or Fry of Salmon, or other Fish, arid would afford a better Supply of, Fish to the Country through which the said River runs*. And therefore praying,' That the Provisions of the said. Bill may not be extended-below that. Part of the called the Uaok

9 Y,

-r

fceimporta-tion of Tobacco.

Westhay

Inclosure.

Duration

of

Parliaments.

Committee on the State of the Nation.

8 f 8 it0 — 12° . A. 1778.

Crib, and that under such Restraint it may pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of allowing the Re-importation of Tobacco exported from Great Britain, although the same may have been fold in Foreign Parts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Inllru61ion to the said Committee, that they do consider of permitting the Importation of Tobacco, being the Growth and Product of the Island of Dominica, into Great Britain.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Refutations; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, or Tract of Commonable Land, called or known t>y the Name of WefihayMoor, within the Par: fit and Manor of Mear, in the County of was read

a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Phe-lips, Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for shortening the Duration of Parliaments;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Mr. Alderman Saw- 1

Tellers for the Yeas,' bridge, V 32.

/ (Mr. Baldwyn: )

Tellers for the Noes, j *lr' ^tenton> \ 83.

(Mr. George Onslow: j

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the several Accounts, which were presented to the House by Mr. Bulltr, pursuant to their Orders, upon the 2d Day of February last, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper and Account, which were

Erefented to the House by Mr. Buller upon the 13th lay of Februa/y last, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Copies and Account, which were presented to the House by Mr. Buller upon the 16th Day of February last, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Accounts and Lift, which were presented to the House by Sir Grey Cooper upon the 2d Day of February last, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Lifts, Estimate, and Account, which were presented to the House by Mr. id

Fenton upon the 23d Day of February last, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Baker took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Baker reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

And the House having continued to fit till near One of the Clock on Thursday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ref lived. That this House will, this Day, resolve Land Tax itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Com"uai®"*rt Bill for appointing Commissioners to put in execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land " Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service " of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight," together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ean,‘ to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Mom- Supply, ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to llis Ma-

jeliy-

And then the House adjourned till this Morhing, Eleven of the Clock.

Jovist 12 0 die Martii;

Anno 18* Georgii IIIai Regis, 1778.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, Account;

from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended . '^"*, at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre- ‘mporea fented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Wines imported . into England from Christmas 1764 to Chr if mas 1777, inclusive, distinguishing each Year, and each Sort of Wine so imported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Charles Hardy reported from the Committee, to Greenwich whom the Petition of the Corporation being the Com- Hospiul missioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for 1 te Seamen at Greemoich, in the County of Kent, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

18 Geo. III. ia° Martii.819

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Nicholas Walton, being examined, said, That the said Commissioners and Governors are Owners of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments, situate in the Parishes of and

Warkworth, in the County of Northumberland., which are inconveniently fituuted with respe' l to their other Estates; but. that they are very convenient to the Ef-tates of his Grace the Duke of Northumberland, who is willing to exchange Part of his Lands at for the fame, which Exchange will be for the mutual Advantage of both Parties. Then,

An" Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Application " of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl, of Derwentzo " and Charles Raddijfe" was produced, and read; whereby it is enacted, That the said Commissioners and Governors should give Six Months public Notice in the London Gazette, for letting the said Eftat.es; and that no Clause should be inserted in the Leases, giving Power to the Lessees to commit Waste.

And another Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of his said late Majesty, for explaining the last mentioned Act, was also read; reciting the said Act, and also reciting. That there were many Mines of Lead, Coal, and other Minerals, under the said Estates, which would probably^ turn to great Profit to the said Hospital; but as the Working the same might be deemed to be committing Waste within the Meaning of the former Act, a Power was given to His Majesty (in whom the Eliates then were) to authorize the Commissioners and Governors of the said Hospital, to demise and grant all and every of such Mines and Minerals, so'r any Number of Years not exceeding Twenty-one, reserving the bell Rents that could be rcnfonably gotten for the fame. Then Mr. Nicholas Walton, being examined, said. That it would be of great Advantage to have the above Restrictions taken o(F, because, otherwise, the several Lessees would only carry on such Works as were necessary during the Continuance of their respective Leases; whereas, in case the Commissioners and Governors of the said Hospital were enabled to grant Leases without advertising, they would not only have it in their Power by that Means to give such due Encouragement as will induce the several Adventurers to expend larger Sums of Money, to render their Undertakings more permanent and complete, but it will be a certain Means of bringing all Discoveries to light. And he further said, That there are Lands so connected with the Mines, that it will be very inconvenient that they should be in the Occupation of different Tenants; for it is necessary that the Persons occupying the Mines, should have such a Quantity of Land with them as will be sufficient to maintain the Horses and Cattle necessary for carrying on the said Works.

Ordered, That Lea\^? be given to bring in a Bill for impowering the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, to exchange certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments, belonging to them, in the Parishes of Alnwick, Embleton, and Wark-zeorth, in the County of Northumberland, for other Lands belonging to the Moll noble Hugh Duke of Northumberland, in some One or more of the Open Common Fields at Corbrid, in the said County; and to impower the said Commissioners and Governors to grant Leases in Manner therein mentioned: And that Sir Charles Hardy, Lord Algernon Percy, and Mr. Peregrine Cujl, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Reading Mr. Annejlcypresented to the House, according to

to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of feve-

Roads? ral Acts, passed in the Fourth Year of King George the E'irft, and the Ninth and Thirtieth Years of King George the Second, for repairing the Highways from Voe 36.

Crown Comer, in the Town of Reading, leading by and through the several Parishes of Shinfield and in the several Counties of Berks, Wilts, and Southampton, to Basingstoke, in the said County of Southampton; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Annejley presented to the House, according to Hampfteid Order, a Bill for confirming, establishing, and making Norrey* effectual, certain Articles of Agreement, made and en- ®^aW* tered into for inclosing and dividing the several Commons called Ealing Common, Ealing Green, and Cooks Hill, in the Parish of Hampjtead Norreys, in the County of Berks; and for exchanging certain Lands in the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Dickenson presented to the House, according to Link Order, a Bill for confirming a Division and Inclosure Berkford of the Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Com- Inclosure" mon Failures, within the Parish of Little Berkford, in the County of Bedford, andeertain Exchanges of Lands and Estates within the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Alderman Oliver reported from the Committee, London; to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, Petitions for and Commons, of the City of London, in Common making Council assembled, and also the Petition of several of the . Streets, principal Inhabitants of the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable " the Reverend Christopher Wilson, Doctor in Divinity,

" Prebendary of the Cathedral Church of Paul,

" London, to make and grant unto the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London, a Lease " of the Prebendal Ellate of Halliwell and " in the Suburbs of the said City, for a Term of " Ninety-nine Years," was produced to your Committee.

Then a Lease, executed by the said Christopher Wilson, to the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, for the said Term of Years, and subject to such Rents and Reservations as are required and directed by the said Act, was also produced to your Committee. And,

Mr. James Peacock, Deputy Surveyor to the City of London, being examined, laid, That many of the old Buildings on the said Prebendal Ellate have been taken down, and new ones erected, and that the Petitioners are proceeding to lay out the Remainder of the said Ellate into proper Squares and Streets, for the Erection of Buildings for the Accommodation of Merchants and others, according to the Intention of the said Act; that it will be of great Advantage to the said Ellate, and the several Estates in Shoreditch, and

other Places thereabouts, and of public Utility, if r. commodious Street or Opening for Carriages were made from Moorfields, opposite Chifzvell Street, towards, the Eall, into Bishopsgate Street, and from the End of Chijioell Street, Westward, into Barbican. Then,

The Witness produced a Plan of the said Streets, with an Estimateof the Expence ofpurchasing Ground and Buildings for the fame, amounting to the Sum of £. 26,821.

In Support of the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition,

Mr.

820 ia’ Marta. A. 1778.

Mr. James Peacock, being again examined, said, That it would be of great additional public Benefit, to have a Street, commodious for Carriages, made to extend from Crispin Street, opposite the End of

iiojler Row, near Spitalfie Church, into Street, to meet the Opening as mentioned in the foregoing Evidence, which will open an easy Communication for Carriages between Moorfields and the great Road called Whitechapel High Street. And he added. That the Expence of the same will amount to the Sum 9,425, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred.

FryerBacon’s Mr. Elzoes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, Roads made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from a Place called Fryer Bacon's Study, to Chilton Pond, and from the> Top of Hinkfe}) Hill to Foxcombe Hill Gate, in the Road leading to Farringdo in the County of Berks, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had dir-edted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by: One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Vvcre agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Goodman's Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom the Fields Petition of the several Persons whose Names are there-Streets. untQ subseri bed, being Owners of Estates or Inhabitants

iri Goodman's Fields, and Parts adjacent, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the A'6f of the Seventh Year of Geo. 3d, relative to the Coal-Duty, was read.

Mr. William Montague, Chief Clerk to the Chamberlain of London, being examined, said. That if the Sum of £. 95,000, be borrowed on. the Credit of the Orphans Fund, the Debts on the said Fund will , be all paid off within the Term for which the Duties composing it are granted. And,

Edzeard Hawkins, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Three principal Avenues to Goodman's Fields from Whitechapel High Street, are so narrow and incommodious, as to be dangerous to Passengers; that this Quarter of the Town being inhabited by Glass-makers,

S igar-refiners, Distillers, Brewers, and other Trades-men, the Nature of whose Business causes a great Concourse of Carts and Carriages through the said Avenues, it would not only be a great Convenience to the Inhabitants ofGeorf?nfl/iViwW</^,and the Neighbourhood thereof, but of public Utility, if the said Avenues were widened and rendered commodious; but that the Inhabitants are already so heavily taxed for their paving and lighting, that they are not able to furnish the Sums necessary for completing the said necessary Works of widening the above-mentioned Avenues.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the

Consideration of the Committee of the whole Hotife, to whom it is referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred.;

Mr. Duff'reported from the Committee, to whom Findhorn the Petition of Sir Harry Munro, of Baronet, Harbour, and Henry DavidJ'on, of Tulloch, Esquire, Two of the Commissioners appointed by Major General Hector Munro, of Novar, now on Service in the on

behalf of the said Hector Munro, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition-; and haddi/edted him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

- , rfo prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Dunbar, being examined, said, That a proper Harbour on the South Side of the Murray Frith in Nopth Britain, would be of great Benefit to Trade, by affording Protection to Ships and Vessels trading to the ‘ Northern Seas; and that the Town of Findhorn, upon the River Findhorn, within the Barony of -

and County of Elgin and Forres, is a very convenient Place for making such Harbour; and that the making such Harbour, and erecting a Pier will be not only of great Utility to that Part of the united Kingdom, but to the Public in general. Then

An Office. Copy of an Instrument under the Hand of Major General Hector Munro, was produced to.your Committee; by which it appeared, that he, being the foie Proprietor of the said Barony, is willing to make such Harbour, and build the said Pier, at his own Expence, in Consideration of such Tolls for a Term of Years as may be adequate to the Expence of making and maintaining the said Harbour and

Pier; and Power is thereby given to the Commissioners therein named; to apply to Parliament for Powers to enable him to make the said Harbour and Pier.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable Hector Munro, Esquire, to build and maintain a Harbour and Pier at the Town of Findhorn, in the County of Elgin and Forres: And that Mr. Duff, the Earl of Fife, and Mr. Garden, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition, of the Minister, Mayo/-, Burgesses, and Severn other Inhabitants, of the ancient Market Town and Verniew Borough of Thombury, in the County of Gloucester, on Fishery. behalf of themselves and many others, was prefen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are greatly alarmed at finding that Two Bills are brought into the House, one of them by a Society of Gentlemen in Shropshire, to enforce and amend the Laws now in being for the Preservation of the Fry and Spawn of Fifll in the Rivers Severn and Verniew, and the other by the Proprietors of Fisheries in the

River Severn below- Gloucester the first of

which Bills, if passed into a Law in its present Form, will totally deprive the Town of and its

Environs, of the usual and constant Supply of various Kinds offish fold in the Market there, and its Neighbourhood; and the other, by the intended Restraint during the Months in which there isusually the greatell Demand for Fish, will be very injurious, as many Kinds of Fish in the said River Severn cannot be taken in the Part of such River adjoining to the said Town, and the neighbouring Parishes, by any other Means than Putts, in the Parts of such River where neither Net or Boat can be safe, which are fattened to the Rocks, Weirs, and Shoals, lying between the Frefli Water Channel at Low Water, and the High Water Mark, by which Means Fish are taken in the most

tempeliuous

18 Geo. III.

13

Martin

821

BlttOb

Severn

Fisheries.

tjempeftuous Weather, and thereby afford the Public a Supply when no other Device can; and that these Putts below the Crib herein after mentioned, were never yet found to be definitive of the Spawn or young Fry of Salmon, such Spawn or Fry passing down in the Fresh Water Stream, and do not come in the Salt Water at High Tide where those Putts are fixed; and that the'Part of the River Severn thus cireum-itanced extends from its Mouth to a certain Weir in the Parish of Fre/hern, in' the County of called the Hook Crib, to whidh Place the River at High AVater extends itself full or near Two Miles in Breadth, but above such Crib suddenly narrows into a much more confined Stream, in which the Tide is of no long continuance: And therefore

E'ing, that the Provisions in either of the said i, if passed into Laws, may not extend below the said / look Crib; or that the House will yield such

Relief as may appear equitable and expedient.

A Petition of several Owners of Fisheries in the River Severn below the Hook Crib, situate in the Parish of Frethern, in the County of Gloucester, on behalf of themselves and many others alike circum-staneed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are seised in Fee, or of some other good Estate, in divers Rocks^ Weirs, Shoals, and Slimes, in the said River; in the Parishes of Henbuf-y, Reilicick, and Northivick, Aujt, Littleton upon Severn, ThornburyOldbury upon Severn,

Rockhampton Hill, and Berkeley, in the County of Gloucester, in which, from Time immemorial, they have Cxerciied the foie Right of taking at all Times, by certain Methods called Putts, all manner of Fish usually taken in the said River; and that the Petitioners apprehend, the Two Bills now before the House, re-fpoding the Fisheries in the said River, if passed into . Laws in the present Foi*m, will prove greatly injurious to the Petitioners in particular, and to the Public ih general; for that One of the said Bills will, as they apprehend, entirely deprive the Petitioners of such Mode of Fishing, and of the Benefit of their said several Fisheries, as there can be no other Way of catching Fish in those Places; and by the other Bill, the Petitioners apprehend, their Property will be greatly lessened, by the proposed Restraint in the Months of March and April; and that the said Bills will, in their Effects, distress great Numbers who are now supplied from thence with Fish by the above Mode of Fishing only, as all other Methods will there prove ineffectual: And therefore praying. That the Provisions in the said Bills, or either of them, if passed into Laws, may not extend below the Hook Crib aforesaid, or that the House will yield the Petitioners such Relief as may seem meet.

And the said Petitions were fevefally ordered# to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing so much of Two Acts, passed in the First Year of Queen Elizabeth and Thirtieth Year of King Charles the Second, as relates to the Size of the Meflies of Nets, and to the Length of the Nets, to be used. in the River Severn below Gloucester Bridge, and for better regulating the Fisheries, and preserving the Spawn and Fry of Fish, in the said River, is committed.

A Petition of several Persons, Proprietors of, and interested in, the Fisheries in the River Severn below Gloucester Bridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Bill is depending for repealing Part of Two Acts of Parliament, with respect to tho Length of Nets, and Size of the Melhes, to be used in the River Severn below Gloucester Bridge-, whereby it is intended, that the Length of Nets shall be extended, and a temporary Diminution of the Size Vol. 36.

of the Melhes, during certain Months therein mentioned, shall be allowed to be used in the Fishings below Gloucester Bridge; and also, that the taking of Elvers (the Brood of Eels) shall be permitted; which Bill has been referred to a Committee; But, in order to remove any Objection that may arise to the said Bill, on Account of the Regulations being confined to the Fisheries below Gloucester Bridge, the Petitioners pray. That the intended Provisions of the said Bill may, in like Manner, be extended to the Fishings or Fisheries above Gloucester Bridge, and that the House would be pleated to grant, and order an In-strudion to be given to the Committee upon the said Bill, that they may receive a Clause; or Clauses, for those Purposes,. and make a Provision for the fame, in the said Bill accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing so much of Two Acts, passed in the First Year of Queen Elizabeth and Thirtieth Year of King Charles the Second, as relates to the Size of the Meflies of Nets, and to the Length of the Nets, to be used in the River Severn below Gloucester Bridge; and for better regulating the Fisheries; and preserving the Spawn and Fry of Fish, in the said River, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Pow'er to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill for further continuing the Duties Scarborough granted, by Three Acts, made in the Fifth and Twenty- Pier* fifth.Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, hnd in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York, wras read the Third Time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for further continuing the Duties granted by Three Acts, made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third Year’ t>f His present Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of , in

the County of York.

Ordered, That the Earl of Tyrconnel do carry the " Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Brett presented to the House, according to Importation Order, a Bill for allowing Corn, Grain, and Flour; of imported into the Ports of Portsmouth, Sandxoich, - *'orn‘

chester, and Chester, to be landed without Payment of the Duties, under the like Restrictions as Corn,

Grain, and Flour, are allowed to be landed at the several Ports mentioned in an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation.

" of Corn And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the East End of the Town of Hertford, in the Courity of Hertford, through Watton, to Broadwater; and from the Tow n of Ware, through Watton, to the North End of the Town of Walkern, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; arid he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill', with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were

9 Z Once

Hertford

Road*.

Go

82a

12* Martii. A. 1778.

Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and', upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

fcegiftering The House was moved, That the Order, made upoA *0! CornS ^econ(l Day of this Instant March, That Leave

rn" be given to bring in a Bill to continue and amend an Act, made the Tenth Year of the Reign of His nrefent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for registering the Prices " at which Corn is fold in the several Counties of " Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and imported," together with the Names of the Gentlemen appointed to prepare, and bring in, the fame, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That so much of the said Order, as directs Mr. Pmondll to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, be discharged.

Land Tax Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Commune-ners. fty refotvC itself into a Committee of the whole IToufe, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners to put in execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, inti-taled, " An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, " by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for " the Service Of tlte Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Seventy-eight," together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly ‘

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chain

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Marston *^n mgrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the

Incbfure. Dpen ami Common Fields, ami other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish and Liberties of North Marjion, in the County of Bucks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish and Liberties of North Marjion, in the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Mr. Grenville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

tapping Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, to Streets. whom the Petition of the Commissioners for executing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for opening Communications between " Wupping Street and Rate life Highway, and between " Old Gravel Lane and Virginia Street, and for paving certain Streets intended to be built, and also " certain other Streets and public Passages and Places " within the Parishes of Saint George and Saint John " of Wupping, in the County of was re-

ferred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clei*k’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth ‘ biz.

To prove the Allegations of the (hid Petition, the said Act was read.

Then an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of IBs jpresent Majesty, for completing Blackfriars Bridge; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was also read; whereby it appeared, that the Sum of £, 156,000 Was allowed t.o be borrowed for the Purposes of carrying ort several public Works therein mentioned; and, in order to establish a Fund for repaying such Sum, the Duties on Coals and Culm imported in the Port of London, were further continued to Michaelmas 1831; and ,£.50,000, Part of the before-mentioned Sum of £. 156,000, was, by the said Act, directed to be applied in rebuilding the Gaol of and several other Sums were directed to be applied for other Purposes therein mentioned. And,

Mr. George Robinson,a Surveyor, being examined,

said, That great Progress has been made in paving the Streets directed to be paved by the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, and that several other Works directed by the said Act have been proceeded in; but. that the Petitioners have not been able to open the said Communications, on Account of the Necessity of pulling down several Houses and Buildings.

That the Rates granted by the said Act, are inefficient for carrying the same into effectual execution.! and the Petitioners are not able to raise Money efficient for that Purpose, without the Aid of Parliament. v

That the Opening of the said Communications will be of pubfic Utility; and the Inhabitants who will be benefited thereby, pay very considerably to the Income arising from, the said Duty on Coals.

And the Witness added. That in order to perfect the above Improvements, it will coll upwards of £.2,000; but with the Assistance of £.1,000 from the said Coal Duty, he is of Opinion that the necessary Works directed to be performed by the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, may be completed.

Mr. George Eliot confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred.

An ingrossed Bill for the Payment of Colls to Parties, on Complaints determined Wore Justices of the Peace out of Sessions; for the Payment of the Charges of Constables, in certain Cafes; and for the more effectual Payment of Charges to Witnesses and Prosecutors of any Larceny, or other Felony, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the Payment of Colls to Parties, on Complaints determined before Julliees of the Peace out of Sessions; for the Payment of the Charges of Con-fiables, in certain Cafes; and for the more effectual Payment of Charges to Witnesses and Prosecutors of any Larceny, or other Felony.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Mellifi do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Tacolnefon, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Tacol-necton, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Afley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

13 Notice

Costs to Witndks,

T acolndta Inclosure*

Rufkington

lndosure.

Motion respecting the Expulsion of Mr. Wiiktrs.

fccinportation

of

Tobacco*

Importation

of

Tobacco.

18 Geo. III.

13® Martii.

833

Notice being taken that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclol'ntg tile Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Common Fen, Cow Paftnre, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Ru/kington, in the County of Lincoln; which Bill was, upon Tuefda last, read a Second Time, and committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned} that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 17 th Day of February 1769, of the Proceedings of the House, upon the Return of a Knight of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Middlesex, in the room of John Wilkes,

Esquire, expelled this House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

Ired*

and

Sheffield

Road.

to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an* Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York, so far as the same relates to the Road from Wakefield to Sheffield; and also One other Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and rendering more effectual the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord George Cavendi/hpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields and Commons, within the Manor of Bolsover, in the Parishes of Bclfand Clown, iti

the County of Derby: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Alderman Hatley reported from the Committee, CK , . to whom the Petition of Thomas Quarry, One of the Middlesex,

Poor.

Bolsover

Inclosure.

That the Resolution of this House, of the 17th Day Churchwardens of the Parish of Christ Church, in the of February 1769, " That John Wilkes, Esquire, hav- County of Middlesex, and of the Overseers of the " ing been in this Session of Parliament expelled this Poor, and several of the Trustees and Vestrymen, for " House, was, and is, incapable of being elected a putting in execution an Act of Parliament, passed in " Member to serve in this present Parliament," be ex- the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Ma-punged from the Journals of this House, as being sub- jesty King George the Second, more effectually to en-verlive of the Rights of the whole Body of Electors of able the Parishioners of the said Parish to purchase, hire.

this Kingdom;

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

TeIkrsfor theYea, J3S.

Tellers for the Noes. j j 88.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to confidfer of allowing the Re-importa-

or erect, a Workhouse, lor the employing and maintaining the Poor of the said Parish, and for the more effectual Support and Employment of the Poor therein, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same Was readand is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read. And,

Mr. George a Churchwarden of the said

tion of Tobacco exported from Greaf Britain, although Parish of Christ Church, being examined, said. That the same may have been fold in Foreign Parts. the Trustees for the said Act are impowered to bor-

Sir Grey Cooper accordingly reported from the said row the Sum of £.3,000, and charge the same upon Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had the Assessments by the said Act authorized; which Mo-directed to be reported to the House; which he read ney has been borrowed (the last Thousand Pounds being in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s taken up in or about 1768) and that the Trustees Table: Where the same were read; and are as fol- have laid out, for the Purposes of the said Act, the loweth; viz. Sum of £.4,900, and upwards; as appeared by an

Resolved, That it. is the Opinion of this Committee, Account produced to your Committee. — That in 1774 That the Re-importation of unmanufactured Tobacco, the Trustees found themselves so distressed for Want of which shall have been exported from Great Britain to Money to support the Poor, that they were obliged to Foreign Parts, although the same may have been fold borrow the Sum of £.1,000 of Ten different Gentle-abroad, be permit red for a limited Time. men, who lent the same upon Parish Bonds, signed

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, by the Churchwardens and Overseers — That the Emer-That the Importation of Tobacco, being the Growth geney at that Time was very great — That the Meal-and Product of the Island of Dominica, into Great than who had supplied the Workhouse with Flour, Britain, be permitted, upon the same Duties and Re- refuted to let them have any more, which drove them strictions as Tobacco of the British. Colonies, and un- to the Necessity of borrowing the Money in that der the like Certificate and Regulations as Sugar and Manner — That in the Year 1775. they were under Rum of the Growth and Product of the said Island, the Necessity of borrowing the further Sum of £.800 are allowed to be imported. upon the like Bonds — That at Christmas last, the

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Debts owing upon Account of the Poor, including Time, were, upon the Question severally put there- the £.1,800 borrowed upon the Bonds, amounted to upon, agreed to by the House. the Sum of £.2,499. 3s. — That the Poor in the Work-

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said house in January 1772 amounted to 252, and in this Resolutions: And that Sir Grey Cooperand Sir Charles present Month they amount to 420, by Reason of Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame. which great Increase, and of £.90 a Year which they

pay for Interest of the Money borrowed upon the Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Bonds, the Parish are unable to pay the said Debts, Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the or to proceed any further in providing for the Poor,

without the Aid of Parliament.

Mr. Thomas Kinlyjide, being examined, said, That the present Mode of Assessment is very inconvenient — That there are 352 Houses let out in Tenements within the said Parish, which, by Reason of the Dif-Sir George Savile presented to the House, according iiculty of ascertaining the Person liable to pay the Yol. id. Assessment

V

whole House, to consider of permitting the Importation of Tobacco, being the Growth and Product of nnv of His Majesty’s West India Islands, into Great Britain.

Land Tax Arrears.

Commissionere for restoring Peace in America.

Rebuilding

Newgate,

&c.

824 1 a° — -16° Mcirtii, A. 1778.

ACfeflment under the said Act, at present pay none — That there are 457 Houses within the said Pari Hi under £. 10 a Year, which pay very little, the same being inhabited by poor People, who are not able to pay — That the whole Number of Houses within the said Parish is 2,022 — That the present Taxation of the Parish is £.2,563. 115. which is no ways adequate to the Outgoings, which, in the Year 1776, amounted to £.3,300; and that the Taxation proposed will amount to £. 3,800, or thereabouts, if the Whole was to be collected without any Deficiency; but he said, that could not be expected.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, ]>alTed in the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, more effectually to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Church,

in the County of Middlesex, to purchase, hire, or. erect, a Workhouse, for the employing and maintaining the Poor of the said Parish; and for the more effectual Support ami Employment of the Poor therein: And that Mr. Alderman Harley and Mr. Johnes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That the Order made Yesterday, for referring the Paper, intituled, " An Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were lianding out at Michaelmas 1777, with the Names of the " respective Receivers in whose Elands the said Ar* " rears remain, and what Proceedings have been had " to compel the Payment thereof," to the Consideration of a Committee, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly 4

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, rel’olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Account.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put* That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to beseech His Majesty that he will be graciously pleased to instruct the Commissioners, whom His Majesty may name for the Purposes of carrying into execution an Act, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty to appoint Commissioners, with sufficient Powers, to treat, " consult, and agree upon, the Means of quieting the " Disorders now fubfilting in certain Colonies, Plantations, and Provinces, of North America-," that in case the said Commissioners shall find that the Continuance in Office of any public Minister or Ministers of the Crown of Great Britain shall be found to impress such Jealousies or Millrult in One or more of the revolted Colonies, as may tend materially to ob-ltruet the happy Work of Peace and sincere Conciliation between Great Britain and her Colonies, that the Commissioners may be enabled to promise, in His Majesty’s Name, the Removal of such Minister or Ministers from His Majesty’s Councils;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j J

Tel, er, for.heNoes,{|l;^"^;].50.

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I Ioufe, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday

next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit; nofc-withstanding any Adjournment of the House.

The House was moved, That the Order made Yesterday, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be reach

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will* upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Order made Yesterday, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon Tuesday last, for the Second Reading of the Bill to enable the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, to establish and maintain a Light House on the Rocks called the Smalls, in Saint George's Channel, Tomorrow Morning, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Titoe upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

LuncSj 16° dMartii;

Anno iS* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1778s

Prayers.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are impressed with the deepelt concern, on perceiving that the War in which we have for Three Years been involved with our Brethren in North America, has been attended with Successes from which we derived no Advantage, and Disasters which admit of no Remedy; that, in the present miserable and uncertain State of our Affairs, the only Circumstances of which we have no Doubt are. Burthens intolerable, and impending Ruin; that it is no longer from any speculative Opinions we had formed of the Rights of either Party in this unhappy Dispute, or of the Nature and Extent of their respective Resources, that we are led to condemn the Cause or Conduct of this War, since it now stands con-sessed, that the very Authors of it themselves, convinced of the Error or Impracticability of their Measures, have abandoned the Objects which first gave Rife to the Contell, and appear anxious to conciliate the Enemy they affected to despise; that the Petitioners are too felicitous for the Reltoration of Peace, on any Terms which will insure the permanent Happiness of the Two Countries, not to rejoice at the Oiler of any Propol’als which profess that for their

Object;

Committee on the State of the Nation.

Committees,

Ways and Meant,

Supply,

TJieSmalh

Lighthouse.

American

Colonies*

18 Geo. III.

i6° Martii.

82s

Object; and they rely on the timely Care of this Honourable House, for ripening these hopeful Appearances into Fruits of lading Amity and Union; and at the same Time they lament, and, lamenting, must strongly condemn, that fatal Delay, which hath reduced this Country to the necessity of attempting to recover Half an Empire, which common Prudence might have preferred; that we have fought to subdue Provinces we had not the Wisdom to retain, and we are now negotiating to regain, by Concession, what we have not Ability to conquer by Arms; that the Petitioners give the fulled Credit, even to those by whom the Nation has been betrayed into this didress- ful Situation, for their present Repentance, whether it is the Effect of Necessity or of Conviction; but, can never forget, that, by their Misconduct, Thirteen flourishing Colonies are loft; nor can they ever be persuaded, that what remains of this disjointed Empire is safe in the Hands of Men so intemperate, so iueon-fiftent, and so incapable; finally, the Petitioners think it their Duty to re present the Apprehensions they en-

tertain, that the Concetlions now proposed may prove too weak an Inducement to a People, whole Confidence we have lorfeited, to relinquish Engagements into which they may have been driven; and to implore the House, by every motive of Duty and of Justice,.to inditute an immediate Enquiry into the Nature, the Extent, and Dates, of those Engagements, and, by a full and ntcellkry Exertion of the high Powers with which this Honourable House is inveded by the Conditution, ito pursue, in due Time, to Shame and Punidimcut, those who, by betraying the Honour of the Crown, and degrading the Character of this once glorious Nation, have justly incurred the Resentment of a dil'eredited, declining, and much injured People.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Treaty A Motion was made, and she Question being pro-between posed. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to desire that He will be graeiously pleased to America, order, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Communications from His Majesty’s Ambassador at the Court of France, or the French AmbalTador at this Court, touching any Treaty of Alliance, Confederacy, or Commerce, entered into between the Court of France and the revolted Colonies in North America-, The previous Question was proposed, That that Question be now put:

- But an Amendment being proposed to be made to the main Question, by inserting after the Word Copies" the Words " or Ext rafts; "

The previous Question was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn, for the Purpose of admitting the Question on the Amendment.

And the Question being put. That the Words 4‘ or Extracts" be inserted in the main Question after the Word Copies;"

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, thus amended, being again proposed. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to dedre that He will be graciously pleased to order that there be laid before this House Copies, or Extracts, of all Communications from His Majesty’s Ambassador at the Court of France, or the French Ambassador at this Court, touching any Treaty of Alliance, Confederacy, or Commerce, entered into between the Court of drawee’and the revolted Colonies in North America;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hoofe,' s on trCh-to condder further of the State of the Nation; wte 0 1

Nation*

Tellers for the } .46.

Teners for, heNoeS,{^"»"A^| ,3,

So it passed in the Negative.

Vol. 36.

Resolved, That this House will, upon next,

at T welve of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill Keighley to for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarg- j^emUlRcad. ing the Powers, of an Act, made in' the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King'

George the Second, intituled, An Act for re- pairing, amending, and widening, the Road from Keighley, in the Wed Riding of the County of York,

44 to Kirkbyin Kendal, in the County of West more land

was committed, be revived.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Land Tax the whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing Commissioners to put in execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a 44 Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight," together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land l ax, was committed, be received upon Friday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of

for vesting in the Right honourable Charles Howard, Surrey’s Esquire, commonly called Charles Earl of Surrey, and his Heirs, the settled Estates of the said Earl, in the Counties of Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Surrey, sub- -jest to certain Charges affecting the fame, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the itill be committed to Mr. Howard,

Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet this Adernoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for more effectually amending, wi- Taunton dening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading Roads, from the Tow n of Taunton, in the County of Somerset;

and for repealing Two Acts, One of the Twenty-iifih Year of his late Majesty, and the other of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, relating to the said Roads; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads through the said Town of Taunton, and from Handy CroJ'sto HartrowGate, was read the ThirdTime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for more effectually amending, widening* and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset; and for repealing Two Acts, One of the Twenty fifth Year of his late Majesty, and the other of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, relating to the said Roads; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads adjoining thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Phelips do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

_ An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers FrvcrBacon’s of an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign Study, itc. of his late Majesty King George the Second for amending Road*’ and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from a Place called Fryer Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond, and from the Top of Hinksey Hill to Foxcombe llill Gate, in the Road leading to Fan-ingdon, in the County of Berks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from a Place called Fryer Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond, and from the Top of Hinksey Hill to Foxcombe Hill Gate, in the Road leading to jFarringdon, in the County of Berks.

10 A Ordered,

I-'-

8a<5 16" MariU. A. ijjS:

Ordered, That Mr. Elwes'do carry the Bill to the Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s*

Isolds, and desire their Concurrence. Chamber.

Browne’s Annngrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estates. for fefting the Timber and Wood growing upon the Estates of Hennj Perryn Browne, Esquire, in the County of York, in Trustees, to sell the same, and apply the

: Mdhey, arising therefrom, for making a Refcompence

t., te Sir Richard Perryn, his Father, for the Charges and Expences of making Buildings and Improvements upon the same Estates, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sahtf-bury Brereton, Mr. Town: And they are to ’meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

SaltOey A Bill for dividing, inclosing, and preserving, a cer-_ Marsh tain Common or Parcel of Waste Ground or Marsh, 11c o. ure. qa]|t.(j Sal/ney Marsh, within the Manor and Parish of

llawarden, in the County of and for other the

Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Salusbury Brer elan, Mr. Toionjhcnd.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A*my The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pur-Returns. suant to their Order,

» Abstract, Return of the Cavalry, Infantry, and

Invalids, in Great Britain, ift March 1778.

And the Title of the said Abliraft was read.

Ordered, That tbs said Abliraft do lie upon the Table, to be pernfed by the Members of thelloufe.

The said Abliraft is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Reading A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of several ,0 Acts, passed in the Fourth Year of King George the

Roads Tirll, and the Ninth and Thirtieth Years of King George the Second, for repairing the Highways from Crown Corner, in the Town of Reading, leading by and through the several Parishes of and Heck fie Id,

in the several Counties, of and Southamp-

ton, to Basingstoke, in the said County of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

; ReJblvcd, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -nefley, Mr. Brett, kc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Hampflead A Bill for confirming, establishing, and making ef-

Inclosure ^:ua*> certain Articles of Agreement, made and en-nc o ure. tere<j for inci0fing and dividing the several Commons, called Ealing Common, Ealing Green, and Cooks Hill, in the Parish of Hampflead Norreys, in the County of Berks-, and for exchanging certain Lands in the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

riefey, Mr. Dodd, Site.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Kerfall A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Inclosure. Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Kerfall, in the Parish of and

County of Xoltingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Edzoard Bentinck, Mr. Frederick Montagu, kc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Isle of Ely A Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts. Small. Debts, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wyldbore, Sir Samp(bnGideon, kc.: And they are to meet this

20

Sir George Savilepresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Meadow, Carr, Common, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Dinnington, in the Parishes of Saint Leonard, and Saint John, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Townships of , and Newall with Clifton, in the West Riding of the County of York:And the same was received; and

read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York, so far as the same relates to the Road from Wakefield and also

One other Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and rendering more effectual, the said Act, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Lascelles. See.:And they are to meet"'

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto by them classed and subscribed, being Owners of Homes in, and Inhabitants of, the Town of Don-cafer, in the County of York, as by the Titles of such respective Classes are specified, was presented to ’the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners apprehend a Design is formed by some other of the Inhabitants and Owners of Houses in the said Town, to obtrude into Parliament a Bill, and to procure the same to be passed into a Law, for effecting some considerable Alterations in the Passages and Pavements of the said Town, and for other Purposes, affecting the Properties and Conveniences of the Petitioners, and others. Inhabitants and Owners of Houses therein, in a material Degree; and that the Introduction of such Bill is intended to be obtained under Colour of an Instrument in Writing, in Nature of a Petition, fubi feribed with the Names of several Persons, amongst which may appear the Names or Signatures of some of the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that many of the Signatures to the said written Inltru* ment have been acquired by undue Precipitation and Pretexts, and several of them from Persons not being Owners of Houses in, or even Inhabitants of, the Town of Doncaster; and that such of the Petitioners, whqfe Signatures have been set to such written Inllru-ment, were, by unfair Pretences, prevailed upon to tign the fame, without any due Information of the Intent and Scope of such Bill; and that the Plan of such designed Hill, and intended Application for passing it, hath not been preceded by a due Observance of tiiofe impartial Rules for advertising timely Notice, and’ affording due Consideration to the Parties concerned, of the Scope thereof, and Consequences attendant thereon, and for ascertaining the State of their All’ent or Dissent thereto, which have been equitably enjoined by the House, and deserve regular Adherence to ia Cafes of such local Nature; and that the Streets and Passages in the said Town of Doncaster are now in very good Repair, and, by the Laws in being, may at all Times hereafter be so suppoi ted, without the Intervention of such intended Bill, the passing of which would not only subject the Petitioners to a great and

unneccssary

Dinnington

Inclosure.

Otley and Nepali Intiofure.

Leeds and

Sheffield

Road.

Doncaster

Streets.

18 Geo. III. t6a Martii.

unnecessary Expence, but be attended with great Inconvenience and Annoyance to the Inlwtbitants of the said Town at large, and of the Petitioners in particular, and that without any real Advantage to the Public: Wherefore, and for several other Reasons, the Petitioners pray to be heard, by their Counsel, against such intended Bill, when the same that] be presented to the House, and that such Bill may not puss into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Owners of Estates, and principal Inhabitants, within the Town of Dotwajler, in the West Riding of the County of,

is referred.

Patney Mr. Bourerie rqiorted from the Committee, to whom

Joclofufe. the Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within tire Parish of Patney, in the County of W , was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of tire Bill, and found tire same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Two Persons, whole Property is of the Animal Value of £. 140. 10.r.; and that the Whole Property intended to be inclosed is of the Annual Value of£.986. 1 or.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments ' were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Northampton Mr. Powvs presented to the House, according to locMiire. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable I>ands and Grounds, within the Parishes of Saint Gyles, Saint Sepulchre, Saint iMwrence, and Saint Ain or near the Town of Northampton, in the County of some or

One of them, and which are commonly called or known by the Name of Northampton Fields: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bo >n hard The Lord O tig ley presented to the House, according

inclosure. to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Bolnhurst, in the County of Bedford; and for exonerating certain ancient Inclosures within the said Manor and Parrih from the Payment of Tithes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Tittle A Bill for confirming a Division and Inclosure -of the

% - 1 o

Berkiord -Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Inc o ure. paftureg> ^thin the Parish of Little Berkford, in the -County of Bedford, and certain Exchanges of Lands and Estates within the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the BiH be committed to the Lord Otigley, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this VoL. 36.

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Pkelips reported from the Committee* to wliOm the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth-Yeslr of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Towns of Malet and

Jx'elchefer, in the County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true-, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thelfeuntp, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; ami, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Phelips reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening, the several Roads leading from The Red Pofi, in the rarifli of through the Towns of Langport and Somerton, to Ru-twell) and allb from Curry to Puckington

Lane, and from Cary Bridge to Street Cross, in the County of Somerset; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads adjoining thereto, was committed; That the Committee had examined, the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Huflh/ presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting certain Open and Common Fields, in the Manor and Parish of Oral ley, in the County of Southampton: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Whit/hedreported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Com-4' monable Lands and Grounds, in the Consolidated Parishes of Siddmgton Saint Peter, and Siddington Saint Mary, in the County of Gloucester, and for taking down the Rectory Church of Saint Mary, within the said Parishes, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of die 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the BiH, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the BiH, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bril, with the Amendments, in at the CJetk’s Table:. Where the Amendments were

One*

Shepton

Malet,

&c.

Roads.

Fivehead*

flee.

Roads*

Gratler

Indoiurc.

Siddingtoiv

Inclosures.

Rebuilding

Newgate,

&c.

Kirton Small Dc

Call of the House.

Importation of Tobacco.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Napton

Iaclosure.

828 160 — 17

Once read throughout; and theft a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred.

The other Orders of the Day being read:

Ordered, That the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the Recovery of Small Debts, within the several Parishes of Gosberton, Quadring, Donnington, Bicker,

Wigtoft, Sutter ton, Algarkirke, Fof dyke, Kirton, Framp-

ton, Wiberton, and Brolhertoft, within the Hundred of

Kirton, and County of Lincoln, be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next."

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

RcJ'olved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting the Importation of Tobacco, being the Growth and Product of any of llis Majesty’s West India Jjlinto Great Britain.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 170 Martii;

Anno 18° Georgii III1" Regis, 1778. Prayers.

SI R Charles Holtc reported from the Committee, to . whom the Bill for dividing and inclortng the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands"and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberties of Napton upon the Hill, in the County of Wunoick, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Sir Theophilus Biddulph, Barouet, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, apd made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once'read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

’Martii. 1778.

Sir Charles. Hardy presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inCloling a Common Moor, or. Tract of Waste Ground, called Common, within the Barony or Manor of Langley, and in the Parish of Warden, in the County of berland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Hardy presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for impowering the Commissioners' and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen, at Greenwich, in the County of to exchange certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, belonging to them, in the Parishes of Ainu Embleton, and Warkwort it, in the County of Northumberland, for other Lands belonging to the most Noble Hugh Duke of Northumberland, in foine One or more of the Open Common Fields at in the said

County; and to impower the said Commissioners and Governors to grant Leases in Manner therein mentioned; Anti the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Herbert Mackworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for building a Bridge aerofs the River Taney, at or near a Place called Morris's Wear, in the Parish of Llangeto the opposite Shore, in the Parish o {Llanfamin the County of Glamorgan; for making proper Avenues or Roads to and from the said Bridge; for rebuilding or repairing the old Bridge at Upper Forin the said Parish of Llanfamlett-, and alto for repairing and widening the Road from Pentre Brook, near a Place called berthy, to the said Bridge at Upper x\ml the fame was received; and read the Firrt Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Herbert Mackieorth reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Lliates, in the Counties of Surrey, Kent, and and in the City of London, and of several other Persons, being Traders, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, of the Parts contiguous to Blackfriars Bridgand the Avenues

thereof, on both Sides of the River and also

the Petition of several Merchants and Traders in the Town and Borough of Svuthxoark, and Parishes of MaryNeiving/on, Mary Magdalen Bcnnondjey, and Saint Mary at Rotherhi/he, in the County of Surrey, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, An Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from Blackfriars, in the City of London, to the oppositeSide, in the County of Surrey, was read; and it appeared that the

Corporation of the said City were thereby impowered to take certain Tolls for the Passage over the said Bridge, and to raise £.160,000 upon the Credit thereof, to defray the Expence of erecting it: And an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for completing the said Bridge, and other Purposes, wasalfo read; wherein it is recited that£. 144,000, Part of the £. 160,000 allowed by the said Act of the .29th of his late Majesty to be raised, had been borrowed, and applied for the Purposes of the said Art; and that, over and above the said Sum of £. 114,000, the further Sum of £. 58,500 would be required to iinifli the said Bridge, and make the necessary Avenues thereto; and it was by the said Act of the 7th

Year

FouHlonrt

luctosure.

Greenwich

Hospital

Eltuc.

Tawcr

Bridge.

Blacking

Bridge,

18 Geo. III. *7° Mdrtiu tty

Year of His present Majesty dCcfortfl, that, In ortter was fratle'frorn the Committee, to whom the Petition of that the said Bridge might, in due Time, be frOed the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City and exempted from the said Tolls, the said Two Sams, ' of Lond, in Common Council affem bled, was referred,

and Infereft, should be charged Upon the OrphansFun'd

of the City of London; and, for rendering the said Fund A Petition of Demis of in the County GUftonbwr?

sufficient for that and other Purposes charged thereon, of Somerset, Esquire, was presented to the House, and Inclosure; the Duties On Coals and Culm imported into London, read; taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, &c‘ were continued to Michaelmas 1831 . — And in the Pre- inclosing, and draining, certain Moors, or Pieces of amble to the said Act of tire 7th Year of His pre- Waste Land, within the Parishes of Saint John and ferit Majesty, it was alleged to be expected that the Saint BdnediB, in Glafonbury, in the County of Somer-Orphans Debt, and tire Sums of £. 156,000, and Jet; and Setting forth. That the Petitioner is entitled £. 144,000, by the said Act meant to be charged to Right of Common upon the said Moors or Pieces thereupon, would be discharged at Michaelmas 1831, in of Waste Land; and if the said Bill should pass into a same the Coal Duties were continued to that Time, and Law, it will, as the Petitioner conceives, be in many a further annual Sum of£. i,5oo;agreedt0 be charged Particulars highly injurious to him, and many others on the City Estates, was added thereto. entitled to Right of Common on the said Moors, or

And by the said Act, the Mayor and Commonalty Pi ces of Waste Land: And therefore praying. That and Citizens of London were required to grant an An- he may be heard by himself, his Counsel, or Agents, nuity of £. 800 per Annum, estimated at the Value of against the Whole, or Aich Part of the said Bill as may £. 20,000, to be applied towards paving Westminster, affect him.

and another Annuity of £. 480 per Annum, estimated Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the at the Value of £. 12,000, to be applied towards pav- Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill ing Sonthwark iand the Tolls upon London Bridge and is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by Black friars Bridge, were to be continued to be taken by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon the City of London, until they were reimbursed all Mo- his Petition, if he thinks fit.

ney they should advance in Payment of the said Annui- Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Corn-ties, and Charges relating thereto; and that after such mittee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the Reir ibursement the said l olls shouhl cease and deter- same Time, in Favour of the said Bill against the (hid mine — And for providing a Fund for lighting, watching. Petition, cleansing, and repairing B/ackfriars Bridge,w hen built,

certain Quit Rents were by the said Act charged upon A bill for uniting the Free Grammar School of James Henley upon the Lands which should be inclosed by embanking on King of England, within the Town of Henley upon Thame* the Side of the River Thames. Then, Thames, in the County of Oxford, with the Charity Schoo*t"

Robert Miln, Esquire, and William Montagu, Esquire, School founded in the same Town, by Dame Elizabeth

being examined, said. That the above-mentioned Sum Periam, Widoiv, and for the better Regulation and of 32,000, with Interest, was discharged at Chr if mas Management of the said Endowments, was read a Se-lait. cond Time.

Then an Act, pasted in the 9th Year of His pre- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General sent Majesty’s Reign, for making Roads from Bluckfri- Conway, Mr. Morton, See.: And they are to meet this

ars Bridge, to and over Saint George's Fields, was read; Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s whereby it appeared. That the City of Lmdon were em- Chamber, powered to continue the Tolls on Blackfriars Bridge,

until they should be reimbursed all Sums expended by A Bill for the more eafv and speedy Recovery of Bolingbrook* them in making the said Roads. Small Debts, within the Soake of Bolingbrooke, and

Mr. Thomas Griffin, being next examined, said. That Wapentake of Candlejhoe, in the Parts of Lind fey, in the said Bridge is a very great Avenue to the Center of the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time, the City of London, and forms the most direct Line of Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord -Communication between the Places contiguous thereto, low Bertie, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet thisf as well as the more distant Counties; and that the Tolls Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s taken for passing over the said Bridge, are a heavy Bur- Chamber, then upon Trade, and in particular injurious to the

Owners of Estates in, and Inhabitants of, the Counties A Bill to restrain Apprentices, Tradesmen, and Prefemitio* of Surrey, Kent, and Middlesex, and in the City of Lon- other unqualified Persons, from destroyrng the Game, 'a

don — And being aiked. Where he lived ? he said, East- in that Part of Great Britain, called Scotland, and for Sc#t"*

ward of London, but nevertheless was much affected by granting to Proprietors of Land in Scotland further

the said Tolls. Powers with regard to killing of Game, was read a Se*

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned cond "firne. t

Petition, Mr. Deputy Jones, being examined, said, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Archi-That there is aToll on Carts passing over London Bridge, bald Mr. Ac.: And they are to

which is in a Course for being redeemed with public meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Money — -That there is a Fund of £. 36,000, which, now Speaker’s Chamber, the before-mentioned Sum of^.32,000 is paid off, is accumulating for that Purpose; and he added, That the Mr. Sibthorpe reported from the Committee, to whom Hsckthofn#

Toll is now under Lease, but will Cease in about Seven the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Indofiu* Years. Then, mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Peter Roberts, Esquire, the City Remembrancer, be- Heath, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Pa-ing examined, said. That he is of Opinion, the Debt rish of , in the County of Lincoln, was coiti-

on the said Toll may be paid off, and the Toll abolish- fritted; That the Committee had examined, and found ed, in Five Years from this Time; and that it will be that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th very injurious to the Trade of that Part of the City, if of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been the Toils be taken off at Blackfriats Bridge, and not at complied with; and that the Committee had examined

London Bridge. the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to

Ordered, That the said Report be referred f° the tie true; and that the Parties concerned had given Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to their Con sent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of thO whom it is referred to coftfider of the Report, which Committee (except One Person, whole Property con*

Vol. 36. __ iO B

Siddington

laciofure.

Dapdon

Wharf,

&c.

Road,

830 17* Martii. 1778.

sids of One Acre and One Hood of Land, or there- the present Income not being sufficient to repair the abouts, who could not be found; and that the Whole fame.

of the Lands to be inclosed consists of 2,719 Acres, That several Amendments are necessary to be made and upwards) and that the Committee had gone through to the said Act — 'That Carriages frequently evadte*Pay-the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, ment of Toll, by dropping their Loading just before which they had directed him to report to the House; coming to the Gate, and carry ing many Loads through and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards on the same Day — and that it would be a great Bene-delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the fit, if the Exemptions from Toll were confined to the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once Summer Season. Then,

read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Mr. produced to your Committee,

One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,. Extracts from the Treasurer’s Accounts, by which it were agreed to by the House. appeared, that the Principal Sum of £.4,900 is now

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be owing, which, with the Interest due thereon, amounts ingrossed. to £.6,544. 17*. 1i| — and that there is now in the

Hands of the Treasurer no more than £.150. 35.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the 5id-Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other And it also appeared by the said Extracts, that the Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Consolidated annual Income upon the said First District of Roads,

Pari dies of Siddington Saint Peter, and Siddington taken upon an Average of Seven Years, is £.441- IS-Saint Mary, in the County of Gleucester, and for taking 5 f d.; and that the Expences of the said District, upon down the Rectory Church of Saint Mart),within the the same Average, has been £.536. igr. z\d. said Parishes, was read the Third Time. And Mr. Pickjione informed your Committee, that

Rc/i>lvcd. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title the said Act is very defective, and wants amending, be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Then,

Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Com- Mr. John , Treasurer to the Second District of monable Lands and Grounds, in the Consolidated the said Roads, produced Extracts of his Accounts; by Parishes of Siddington Saint Peter, and Siddington which it appeared, that the Principal Sum of £. 2,375

Saint Man/, in the County of Gloiiccster, and for is now owing, which, with the Intereii due thereon, taking down the Rectory Church of Saint Mary, amounts to £.4,265; which Money, together with the within the said Parishes. Tolls collected, the Witness said, had been applied in

Ordered, That Mr. Whilshed do carry the Bill to the making and repairing different Parts of the tioad within Lords, and desire their Concurrence. the said Second District — 1 liat no Interest has been paid for 18 Years, except for £.150, which was ad- Mr. George Onslow reported from the Committee, to vanced for paying the Expences of the Act. whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in And it appe ared by the said Extracts, that the annual execution an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Income upon the said Second District, taken upon an Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, Average of Sevqn Years, is £.152. ys. 9^.; and intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the that the Expences have, upon the same Average,

" Road from the North End of Dapdon Wharf, in the amounted to £.232. 15#. 6d. per Annum. And,

" Parish of Stoke next Guldeford, through Guldeford, Mr. Clerk to the said Second District,

" to Andrew's Cross, and to A fold Bars, in the County being examined, said. That, in order to save Expences,

" of Surrey, and from thence to Saint Mary's Gate, there has been no Surveyor employed on this District of " in Arundel, in the County of Sufex," and also the Roads for 16 Years; but that the Gentlemen living near Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in execution the lame, have fupei intended the Repairs, and brought an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of in Accounts of the Expences to the Trustees. Then, his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, Mr. William Tribe, being examined, said. That " An Act for repairing and widening the Road from £ J ,200 was laid out upon Two Miles of the said Road,

" the North End of Dapdon Wharf, in the Parish of viz.from Paulies Brook to Street Common, and " Stoke next Guldeford, through Guldeford, to Andrew’s that he now keeps it in Repair for £. 1 o a Year; which Cross, and to AlfoldBars, in the County of Surrey, Road is in good Repair, but the rest of the Road in

and from thence to Saint Mary's Gate, in Arundel, in the said Second District is in very indifferent Repair

« the County of Suffer," were severally referred; That — That it will take more than £.2,000 to repair the the Committee had examined, and found that the Whole of the said Roads, after which, he thinks, the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April Statute Work will nearly keep it in Repair.

1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for with; and that the Committee had examined the Mat- enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed inters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the George the Second, for repairing and widening the Hohfe; and he read the Report in his Place; and Road from the North End of Dapdon Wharf, in the afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Parish of Stoke next Guldeford, through Guldeford, to the same was read; and is as followath; viz. Andrews CroJ's, and to Bars, in the County of

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, the Surrey, and from thence to Mary's Gate, in A run- . said Act was read; by whi6h it appeared, that the del, in the County of Sufex: And that Mr. George Hoads thereby directed to be repaired were divided Onslow, Mr. Mr. do prepare, and

into Two separate Districts, and that the Money col- bring in, the fame, lested upon each is directed to be applied for the Purpose of that District only. And, Mr. Knightley presented to the House, according to ByfieU

Mr. Henry Hurfi, Surveyor to the First District, Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and »nd

being examined, said. That the Trustees have pro- Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea-ceeded in the execution of the said Act, and bor- dows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of rowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of thd and within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Byfield Tolls, which Money had been duly applied — That and West r up, in the Parish of By field, in the County the Sum of £.200 a Year has been expended upon of Northampton: And the same was received; and the First District, One Year with another — That the read the First Time.

said Roads are not in very good Repair, on Account of Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

- 15 Mr.

V

0

Flower

inclosure.

Shuckburgh

inclosure.

Fouflench

and

Hoblench

inclosure.

Fenny Compton luck) lure.

BafTngstoke

Canal.

Importation

of

Corn.

18 Geo. III. 17* Martit. 83

Mr. Knigh(leypresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Paftnres, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of otherwise Flotoer, in the County of Northampton:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lafids and Grounds, called Shuckhurgh Fields, in the County of Wa was read the Third 'lime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, called Shuckburgh , in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Holte do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Logon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures. Common Ground, and Waste Grounds, within the Manors or Lordships of and Radford, in

tic Parish of Roujlenck, and in the Manor or Lordship of Hoblench, otherw’ife Abbotfench, in the Parish of

Fladbury, in the County of And the fame

was received; and read the Firit Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles TTolte presented to the House^according

to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Paftnres, Common Meadow s, and other Commonable Lauds and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Fenny Compton, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First T.me.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Sir James Tylney l.ong. Baronet, on behalf of the Right honourable Earl Tylney, now abroad, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for making a navigable Cana!,’from the Town of Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton, to communieate with the River Wey, in the Parish of Chertsey, in the County of Surrey; and setting forth. That the Petitioner conceives the passing such a Bill into a Law, will be greatly prejudicial to the Estates of the said Earl Tylnexj: And therefore praying, That the said Earl Tylney may be heard, by his Coimfel, against so much of the said Bill as affects the said Earl’s Estates, and have such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill for allowing Corn, Grain, and-Flour, imported into the Ports of Portsmouth, Sandwich, chester, and Chefer, to be landed without Payment of

the Duties, under the like Restrictions as Corn, Grain, and Flour, are allowed to be landed at the several Ports mentioned in an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation " of Com," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Vol. 36.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mortv ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Lord Algernon Percy reported, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Common Moor or Tract of Waste Land, called Acomb Common, within the Regality or. Manor of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the-25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties, concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of Lands having Right of Common of the Value of Twelve Pounds per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Value of such Lands is £. 1,669 Per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the- Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments, thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by. One; and, upon the Question severally put thereii]K»n, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the East End of the Town of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, through to Broadwater; and from the Town'of through Walton,

to the North End of the Town of in the said

County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the East End of the Town of Hertford, in the' County of Hertford, through Watton, to Broadwater; and from the Town of Ware, through Watton, to the North End of the Town of Walkern, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Pliimer do carry the Bill to the Lords,"- and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole' House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, iu-Common Council assembled, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

' Mr. Alderman OZ/uer took the Chairof the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Oliver reported from the Committee, That they had come to.several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. '

A Motion being made. That the Report which w'as made from the Committee, who w ere appointed to in-

speft

Acomb

inclosure.

Hertford

Roads.

Rebuilding

Newgate,

Ac,

General

Index

to

Journals.

Mdfige

from the King*

American

Coloniei.

Ditt#.

170 Mariii. 1778.

speft the Progfefsjpadeby the feverai Persons appointed to make a General Index to (he Journals of this House, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty:

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having Sheen informed of the Matter mentioned in the said Report, recommends it to the Consideration of the House to do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Lord North acquainted the House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the foihe to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all i he Members of the Hoyjfe being uncovered) and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, having been informed, by Order of the French King, that a Treaty of Amity and Commerce has been signed between the Court of and certain Perfopsemployed by His Majesty’s revoked Subjects in North America, has judged it necessary to direct, that a Copy of the Declaration delivered by the French Ambassador to Lord Viscount Weymouth, be laid before the House of Commons $ and at the same Time to acquaint them, that His Majesty has thought proper, in Consequence of this Oifenfive Communication of the Part of the Court of France, to fend Orders to His Ambassador to withdraw from that Court.

His Majesty \s perfpaded, that the Justice and good Faith of His Conduct towards Foreign Powers, and the Sincerity of His Wilhes to preserve the Tranquillity of Europe., will be acknowledged by all the "World; and His Majesty trusts, that he shall not stand responsible for the Disturbance of that Tranquillity, if he fhoqld find himself called upon to resent so unprovoked and so unjust an Aggression on the Honour of His Crown, and the essential Interests of His Kingdoms contrary to the most solemn Aflu ranees, subversive of the Law of Nations, and injurious to the Rights of every Sovereign Power in Europe.

His Majesty, relying with the firmed Confidence on the geaJou8 and affeClianate Support of His faithful People, is determined to be prepared to exert, if it shall become necessary, all the Force and Resources of His Kingdoms; which he.trusts will be found adequate to repel every Insult and Attack, and to maintain apd uphold, the Power and Reputation of this Country.

G. R.

The Lord North preifenfed to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Copy of a Paper delivered to Lord Viscount Weymouth, by the Marquis dg Noailies, the 13th March, 1778; and Translation.

And the Titles of the said Copy and Translation were read.

And the said Translation was also read The said Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; apd the said Translation is as followeth; viz.

The underwritten Ambassador of his Most Christian Majesty has received an express Order to deliver to the Court of London the fallowing Declaration: zi

The United States -of North America, which are in foil Poftelfion of the Independence declared by their Act rof the 4th July 1776, having caused a Propofol -to be made to the King, to consolidate, by a,formal Convention, the CouneCiions that have begun to be established between the Two Nations, the respective Plenipotentiaries have signed a Treaty of Amity and Commerce, intended to serve as a Rafis for mutual good Correspondence.

His Majesty, being resolved to cultivate the good Understanding fulfilling between France and Great Britain, by all the Means compatible with his Dignity, and with the good of his Stibjects, thinks that be ought to impart this Step to the Court of,

and declare to it, at the same Time, that the contracting Parties have had Attention not to stipulate any exchifive Advantage in Favour of the French Nation; and that the United States have preserved the Liberty of treating with all Nations whatsoever, on the same Foot of Equality and Reciprocity.

In making this Communication to the Court 01 London, the King is firmly persuaded, that it will find in it fresh Proofs of I lis Majesty’s constant and fin-cere Dispositions for Peace; and that His Britannic Majesty, animated by the same Sentiments, will equally avoid ever}' Thing that may interrupt their Harmony; and that He will take, in particular, effectual Measures to hinder the Commerce of his Majesty’s Subjects with the United States of North America from being disturbed, and to cause to be observed, in this Respect, the Usages received between trading Nations, and the Rules that may be deemed fub-filling between the Crowns of France and Great Britain.

In this just Confidence, the underwritten Amhafla-dor might think it superfluous to apprize the British Ministry, that the King his Mailer, being determined effectually to protect the lawful Freedom of the Commerce of his Subjects, and to sustain the Honour of his Flag, his Majesty has taken, inconfpquence, eventual Measures, in Concert with the United States of America.

London, 13 March, 1778.

(Signed) M‘* de Noailies.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the humble Thanks of this House, for the Communication of the Paper presented to the Lord Viscount Weymouth, by the Order of the French King; and for acquainting this House, that, in consequence of this Offensive Declaration, His Majesty has thought proper to order His Ambassador to withdraw from the Court of France:

To assure His Majesty, that it is with the utmost Difficulty this House can restrain the ftrqngeft Ex-prefiions of the Resentment and Indignation which they feel for this unjust and unprovoked Aggression on the Honour of His Majesty’s Crown, and the essential Interests of His Kingdoms, contrary to the Law of Nations, and injurious to the Rights and Poflessions of every Sovereign Power in Europe.

That the good Faith and Uprightness of His Majesty’s Conduct towards Foreign Powers, and the Sincerity of His Intentions to preserve the general Tranquillity, must be acknowledged by all the World; and His Majesty cannot be considered as responsible for the Disturbance of this Tranquillity, if His Majesty should find Himself called upon to relict the Enterprizes of that reiiless and dangerous Spirit of Ambition and Aggrandizement, which has so often invaded the Rights, and threatened the Liberties, of Europe.

That we should be wanting in our Duty to His Majesty, to our ConilRuents, and to ourfehea, if we

did

A'Mrrftot

Message from the King.

18 Geo. III.

tf

4 4

hi

did not give His Majesty the strongest Affnrances of our most zealous Afiillance and Support; and that this House has the firmest Confidence, that, in every Demonstration of Loyalty to His Majesty, and of Love to their Country, His faithful Subjects will vio with each other; and that no Considerations will divert or deter them from Handing forth in the public Defence, and from Inflaming, with a heady Perseverance, any extraordinary Burthens and Expences which shall be found necessary, for enabling His Majesty to vindicate the Honour of His Crown, and to prot£tt and maintain the just Rights and elTential Interests of these Kingdoms;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting, after the Words " Afliftanc* " and Support," these Wolds, " hoping and trusting " that His Majesty will be graciously pleased to remove from His Councils, those Persons, in whom " His People, from past Experience, have Reason not " to rcpole Confidence, in the present momentous Situation of Public Affairs."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j ^T'rPa^er,v

I Sir George Yonge:

Tellers for the Noes. Cooper,

} "3-| 263.

I Colonel Come ay:

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolvetd, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the humble Thanks of this House, for the Communication of the Paper presented to the Lord Viscount Weymouth, by the Order of the French King; and for acquainting this House, that, in consequence of this Offensive Declaration, His Majesty has thought proper to order His Ambassador to withdraw from the Court of France:

To ashire His Majesty, that it is with the utmost Difficulty this House can restrain the strongest' Ex-prelfions of the Resentment and Indignation which they feel for this unjust and unprovoked Aggression on the Honour of His Majesty’s Crown, and the essential Interests of His Kingdoms, contrary to the Law of Nations, and injurious to the Rights and Posselllons of every Sovereign Power in Europe.

That the good Faith and Uprightness of His Majes-tv’s Conduct towards Foreign Powers, and the Sincerity of His Intentions to preserve the general Tranquillity, must be acknowledged by all the World; and His Majesty cannot be considered as responsible for the Dif-turbance of this Tranquillity, if His Majesty should find Himself called upon to refill the Enterprizes of that restless and dangerous Spirit of Ambition and Aggrandizement, which has so often invaded the Rights, and threatened the Liberties, of Europe.

That we should be wanting in bur Duty to His Majesty, to our Constituents, and to ourfelvej, if we did not give His Majesty the strongest Assurances of our moll zealous Assistanee and Support; and that this House has the firmeli Confidence, that, in every Demonstration of Loyalty to His Majesty, and of Love to their Country, His faithful Subjects will vie with each other; and that no Considerations will divert or deter them from Handing forth in the public Defence, and from fuitaining, with a Heady Perseverance, any extraordinary Burthens and Expences which shall be found necessary, fur enabling His Majesty to vindicate the Honour of His Crown, and to protest and maintain the just Rights and efi’ential Interests of these Kingdoms.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution.

And a Committee was appointed of the Lord North, Voi. 36.

Lord George Germain, Mr. Jenk Mr. Poxen all,

'*Mr. Rice, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. Ellis, the Lord Bulkeley, Mr. Frederick Stuart, Mr. Rigby, Mr. De Grey, Mr. Attorney General, the Lord We/lcote, the Lord Barrington, the Earl Nugent, Mr. Charles Mellish. Mr. Robivfon, Sir

Charles Whitworth, Mr. Cornwall-,or any Five of

them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s Most Gracious Mef-sage to this House, he referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Paper delivered to Lord Viscount Weymouth, by the Marquis de Noailles, the 13th March 1778* and Translation, be referred to

the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill frdm the Lords, intituled, An Act Lambeth to enable the Lord Archbithpp of Canterbury to en- Manor, franchise and grant a small Parcel of Glebe and Waste Land, belonging to the Manor of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey; and also to enable the Rector of the Parish of Saint Mary, Lambeth, or his Successors, to build a Parsonage House on Part of the said Glebe and Waste Land, and to grant Building Leases of other Parts thereof; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned, was read, a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Tozuii/hend, Mr. Frederick Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir William Middleton presented to the House, ac- Morpeth^ cording to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and &c* Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Morpeth, by or through Milford, Long Wit-

ton, and by the North Side of Rothley Park to

Sting Cross, and to the High Cross in Elfdon, in the County of Northumberland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord North reported from the Committee, an- Address pointed to draw up an Address to be presented to His on Meflaje Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address g

accordingly, which they had directed him to report to *"

the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We; Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, return our humble Thanks to Your Majesty, for the Communication of the Paper presented to the Lord Viscount Weymouth, by the Order of the French King; ,

and for acquainting us, that, in consequence of this Offensive Declaration, Your Majesty has thought pro- -W per to order Your Ambassador to withdraw from the Court of France: And we beg Leave to allure Your Majesty, that it is with the <utmost Difficulty we gan restrain the strongest Expressions of the Resentment and Indignation which we feel for this unjust and unprovoked Aggression on the Honour of Your Majesty's Crown, and the essential Interests of Your Kingdoms, contrary to the Law of Nations, and injurious to the Rights and Possessions of every Sovereign Power in Europe.

The good Faith and Uprightness of Your Majesty’s Condutt towards Foreign Powers, and the Sincerity of Your Intentions to preserve the general Tranquillity, must be acknowledged by all the World:

And Your Majesty cannot be considered as responsible for the Disturbance of this'Tranquillity, if You should find Yourself called upon to refill the Enterprizes of that restless and dangerous Spirit of Ambition and 10 C Aggrandizement,

834 17* — 18° Martli. ^.1778.

Aggrandizement, which has so oftorl invaded the? Rights, and threatened the Liberties, of . We should be wanting in our Duty to Your Majesty, to our Constitnents, and to ourselves, if we did not give Your Majesty the strongest Assurances of our most zealous Afliltanco and Support: And we have the firmed Confidence, that, in every Demonstration of Loyalty to Your Majedv, and of Love of their Country, Your faithful Subjects will vie with each other; and that no Considerations will divert or deter them from Handing forth in the public Defence, and from sustaining, with a steady Perseverance, any extraordinary Burthens and Expences which shall be found necessary, for enabling Your Majed v to vindicate the Honour of Your Crown, and to protect the just Rights and essential Intereds of these Kingdoms.

The said Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address, to be presented to His Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address he presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That fitch Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Molt honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Land Tax Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Se-Arrcars. vennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Paper, intituled, " An Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were handing " out at Michaelmas 1777, with the Names of the " respective Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears " remain, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof."

The Small* Ordered, That the Bill to enable the Corporation of

Light House. Trinity House of Deptfordto establish and main-

tain a Light House on the Rocks called the Smalls, in Saint George's Channel,>be read a Second Time upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

importation liefolved. That this House will, upon Friday Mom-of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Tobacco. House, to consider of permitting the Importation of Tobacco, being the Growth and Product of any of His Majesty’s West India Ij into Great Britain.

And then the House, having continued to lit till Two of the Cloc k on Wednesday Morning, adjourned till This Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

t

Mercuriiy 18° Martii;

Anno 18° Georgii III1" Regis, 1778.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys Jtx. and Mr. Hett:

Mr. Speaker,

Bills of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Exchange. Act to explain an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual preventing " the forging the Acceptance of. Bills of Exchange, or " the Numbers, or principal Sums, of accountable " Receipts for Notes, Bills, or other Securities, for " Payment of Money, or Warrants, or Orders, for " Payment of Money, or Delivery of Goodswithout any Amendment: And also,

Jngilby’s The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Estate. Act for assigning certain Open and Inclosed Lands, and

Rights of Common, within the Manor of Ripley, in the County of York, pursuant to an Agreement entered into between the Trustees of John Esquire, a

Minor, and Walter Vavafour, Esquire, Thomas,

and Elizabeth EteJ’on; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Meadows, Ings, Common Pastures, and Moors, within the Parishes of Thimbleby and in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also, t The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building an additional Gaol, and also a Prison and House of Correction, within the county of ;

and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Open Meadows, Common Pastures, and Common Grounds, within the Parish of Kcgworth, in the County of Leicester; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for annexing a Portion of the Rectory, and of the Rectory Manor thereto belonging, of in the County of Somerset, to the Office of Master of Balivl College, in Oxford, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open and Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Lands or Grounds, in the Tything of Ogbourn Saint Andrew, in the County of Wilts;without, any Amendment: And alto,-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, turning, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Ilouds from Bridge, in

the Parish of Barwick, in the County of Somerset, to the

Turnpike Road in the Parish of in the County of Dorset; and from the CroJ's, in the l own of Maiden Neicton, to a Stream of Water in the Parish of

South Perrott, in the County of and from a Place

called Furze-moor Gate, in the Parish of Broad Wit for, to Lynham'sWater, in the Parish of Beamijler; and from Buglers Corner, in the Town of Beamifer, to the Dorsetshire Inn, in the Parish of and fromd p-

Jydling Ewe Leaze to the Town of Cerne Abbas; and from the Town of Frampton, to join the Western Turnpike Road near Steeplcton, in the said County of Dorset; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Northallerton, to the South Wall of the Church Yard of the Town of Thirsk, and from the South East End of the Street called Finkell Street, in Thirjkaforesaid, to and through the Town of Eafngwould, in the County oiYork, to a Place called Burton Slone, near the City of; and also the Road from Thirsk aforesaid, to in the North

Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East Side of Barvjley Common, in the County of York, to the Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White Cross; and also the Road from the Guide Pojt in Barugh, to a Rivulet called Barugh Brook; and from thence for Two hundred Yards over and beyond the same Rivulet or Brook, into the Township of Cawlhorne, in the said Count;.', without any

Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Pill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields,

Thimbkty

and

Edlington

lnclwiure.

Cornwall

Gaol.

Kegworth

Inclosurci

Huntfp’11

Rectory.

Oglvwrft St. Andrevf Inciofarc.

Whiffle

Bi iege 1 Roads.

Nortinllerfoi,

&c.

Road.

Barnfler

Common,

&c.

Rond.

Earl

Sbilron

Ljcioiurff

Bra\ brcxike I.ielotv.rc.

Fra Tipton mnd Hayley Inclosure.

Harpole

Indolurc.

Chellrr

Navigation*

Cods

to

Witnessety

&c.

Scarborough

Pier.

North

Mvms

inclosure.

Hitcham

luclofurcs

Pond’s

Estate.

Dean and Chapter of Durham’s fcflbtc.

18 Geo. Ilf. 18° Martii. 835

FicMs, Meadows, ami Commons, in the Lordship of Earl Shilton, in the County of without any

Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable I,ands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Pari ill, and Liberties of Bruybrooke in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, and all other Commonable Lands, in the Tythingsof and

II ay ley, in the Parish of Sap in the County of Gloucester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Air Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Heath, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed'to the Bill, intituled, An Act f >r the more effectually carrying into execution the Powers contained in Two several Acts of Parliament, the one made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to or near and

ivich, in the County of Chester, and the other made in the Seventeenth Year of His said Majesty’s Reign, for varying and enlarging the Powers of the said former Act; without any Amendment: And also,

'Fhc Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Payment of Colls to Parties, on Complaints determined before Justices of the Peace out of Selftons; for the Payment of the Charges of Constables in certain Cafes; and for the more effectual Payment of Charges to Witnesses and Prosecutors of any Larceny, or other Felony; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further continuing the Duties granted by Three A (Is, made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York-, without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common or Waste Ground called North Myitis Common, or Wood, in the Parish of North My ms, in the County of with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords dtfire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of Ilitcham, in the County of Buckingham-, with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to impower John Bond, Merchant, and Sarah his Wife, or the Survivor of them, during their respective Lives, to grant Leases of their settled Estate, in the County of Surrey; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for establishing and confirming an Agreement, made between the Dean and Chapter of Durham, and General Cuthbert ElliJ'on, for the Partition and Division of a Tract of unimproved Land, in the Parish of Jarrow, in the County Palatine of Durham, and the Partition and Division made in Pursuance thereof; to whigh the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then ihe Messengers withdrew.

A’ol. 36.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing and confirming an Agreement, made between the Dean and Chapter of Durham, and General Cuthbert Ellifoti, for the Partition and Division of a Tract of unimproved Land, in the Parish ofjarroio, in the County Palatine of Durham, and the Partition and Division made in Pursuance thereof, was read tile First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A n ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening, the several Roads leading from The Red Pqft, in the Parish of Five-head, through the Towns of Langport and ton, to Butwell; and also from Cimy Rivell to

ingtonLane, and from Cary Bridge to Street Cross, in the County of Somerset; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads adjoining thereto, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening, the several Roads leading from The Red Post, in the Parish of Five-head, through the Towns of Langport and Somerton, to well; and also from Curry Rivell to Puckington Lane, and from Cary Bridge to Street Cross, in the County of Somerset; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads adjoining thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Phelips do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Towns of Malet and Ivelchester, in the County of , was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Towns of Shepton Malet and Ivel-cheftsr, in the County of Somerset, so far as the same relates to the Roads therein called The ’Turn-

pike Roads.

Ordered, That Mr. Phelips do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open Common Fields, Common Mea- . dows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,\VafteLands, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Patney, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Bouveriedo carry the Bjjl tc the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

\ Bill for further continuing so m-’„ of certain Du-1, as have, by several Acts of %rliaiMnt, been granted 1 continued, for repainr maintaining the Har-us of Doner and ft- app|icab|e to completed keeping' ir the said Harbour offt/e, in ‘YgSS of Hufix. was read a Second Time.

& G, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Nef-J *r. Tmonshend, &c.: And they are to meet this -ernoon^ »AFive of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham-

r.

Mr.

Dean and Chapter of Durham’* Estate.

Five-head* Sc c* Roads.

Shepton

Malet,

See.

Roads.

Patney

Inclosure.

Rye

Harbour*

83<S

i 8° Ma

A. 1778.

Ijoncybora Mr. Cheferreported from the Committee, to whom ntlolure. the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Conv.uonable Land, in the . A Mano/and Hamlet of Cow-Honeyborn, other wise Chapel. Honeyhorn, in the County of was

committed i That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 2,3th o f'April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of tile Committee (except the Proprietors of Four Yard Lands and an Half, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed contain Thirty-two Yard Lands; and that , no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments

were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. George Bridges Brudenell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable Edmund liar!opp (lately called Edmund Bunney) Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body, by Ann his Wife, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Hartopp: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Time The Lord North reported to the House, That His appointed for Majesty (having been waited upon, pursuant to the Order of Yesterday, humbly to know His Majesty’s Pleasure, re *" when He would be pleased to be attended by this House) had been pleased to appoint to be attended This Day, at Three of the Clock, at His Palace of James.

Bunney’*

Name.

Ways . And Means.

Supply LiU; Lottery, &ct

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Way* and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitzoorth also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will", upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole TToufe, to consider further of Ways and Means for ^j^^u^y granted to His Majesty.

_. _' ~ to the House, according

Sir Grey C^per present^^^ Sum of Mon*

to Order, a Bill iof'^ng f^.Mishing a Lot-by Way of Annuities, *a< fopr, ^T^the First g- And the same was rcOVed} and "

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Time'

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the pUrf"ant

to their Orders, ' N

An Account of Portugal Gold and «S/^,^.b;'lvcr C

remitted to America, from ift January 1771 to ift January 1778: And also,

An Account of Paymasters Receipts for Monies paid into their Hands by the Agents of Mefi’rs. Harley and Drummond, from 26th September 1774 to 31st 1777* both ineluiive: And also,

N° 1. Account, of Freight and Charges incurred oh the Ships hired to attend the Expedition under Lord Cornwallis: And also,

N° 2. Account of the Expence of arming the Ships dispatched to Canada, under Convoy of the and Triton: And also,

N° 3. Account of the Expence of Accommodation and Provisions for Soldiers embarked for under

Convoy of the I fit and Triton: And also,

N° 4. Account of Freight paid for Ships dispatched to Canada, under Con voy of the Ijis and TritonAnd also,

N° 5. Amount of the Loss of the Ship Swift, Captain Boyd, burnt at Sea; and of the Cargo and Out-fit of* the Ship Elizabeth in her room i And also,

N° 6. Account of Provisions supplied to Recruits on board sundry Ships, and of Freight and Charges, and Provisions for Recruits, on board sundry other Ships: And also,

N° 7. Invoice of Six Armed Victuallers going to America: And also,

N° 8. Invoice of Six Ships on Lord Cor/rwullis's Expedition: And also, <

N° 9. Invoice of Cannon, Gunpowder, Sic. sent to-Cork, lor the Armament of Ships employed to carry Provisions to America:And also,

N° 10. Invoice of Six Armed Ships for Service in the River St. Laiorence:And all’o,

N° 11. Account of Two Months advanced Freight to sundry Transports: And allb,

N° 12. Account of Two Months advanced Freight to sundry Transports: And also,

N° 13. Ditto, Ditto, Ditto: And also,

N° 14. Invoice of Cannon and Gunpowder shipped for Cork, for the Armament of Victuallers: And also, N° 15. Account of Two Months advanced Freight to sundry Ships: And also,

N® 16'. Account of Two Months advanced Freight to Ships hired to carry Oats to America: And also, N° 17. Account of Two Months advanced Freight to the Fourth Quarter’s Victuallers 177C: And also, N° 18. Account of Armament and Provisions for Recruits for sundry Ships: And also,

N° 19. Third Payment of Freight on the Expedition, under Earl CornzoaIlls: And also,

N® 20. Second Payment of Freight on the early Re-; lief to Quebec: And also,

N® 21. Second Payment of Freight to sundry Armed Victuallers: And also,

N® 22. Advanced Freight to Store Ships: And also,

N® 23. Ditto to Oat Ships: And also,

N® 24. Invoice of Cannon, Gunpowder, and Water Calk: And also,

N® 25. Armament, &c. of Seventeen Ships: And also,

N® 26. Account of the Second Payment of Freight to Oat Ships: And also,

N® 27. Ditto, 3d Ditto, to sundry Armed Victuallers: And also,

N® 28. Ditto, 2d Ditto, to Ditto: And also,

N® 29. Mr. Merry’s Account of Expences for the Ship Resolution, and of the Freight of Four Transports used in carrying Live Cattle to America, for the Army: And also,

N® 30. Account of Armament of Fifteen Transports, and Provisions for Soldiers on board them: And

' r0

N* 31. Ditto, of sundry Transports, and Ditto Ditto: And also,

JS* 3 *

Account*

the Army in

Am-ica.

18 Geo. III. i%'Marti. . 837

N" 32. Ditto, of Ditto, and Ditto: And also,

N* 33. Ditto, of Ditto, and Ditto: And also,

N* 34. Ditto, Ditto, Ditto: And also,

N° 35. Account of Out-fit and Armament of 14 Ships for America: And also,

N® 36. Ditto, of 17 Ditto: And also,

N* 37. Ditto, of 12 Ditto: And also,

N® 38. Ditto, of 7 Ditto: And also,

N® 39. Account of the First Payment of Freight to (undry Ships: And also,

N* 40. Ditto, of 2d Ditto to sundry Ships: And also, N® 41. Account of the 3d Payment of Freight to sundry Ships: And also,

N° 42. Account of the 4th Payment of Freight to sundry Ships remaining on the Expedition under Lord Cornwallis: And also,

N® 43. Account of the 3d Payment of Freight to sundry Ships: And also,

N® 44. Ditto, 4th Payment of Ditto to sundry Ships: And also,

N° 45. Ditto, of Freight of Ships loft or discharged: And also,

N° 46. Account of the Value of Ships lost or destroyed in His Majesty’s Service: And also,

N® 4 7. Iuvoice of Cannon, Gunpowder, Water Calk, fsc. sent to Corke: And also,

N* 48. Account of the 2d Payment of Freight to sundry Victuallers: And also,

N° 49. Account of the 4th Ditto: And also,

N® 50. Account of Final Payment of Freight to sundry Victuallers loft or discharged: And also,

N* 51. Account of Armament and Provisions for Soldiers for 12 Ships: And also,

N* 52. Account of the Third Payment of Freight to sundry Victuallers: And also,

N° 53. Ditto, of the Fifth Ditto, to sundry Victuallers: And also,

N* 54. Ditto, of the Fourth Ditto, to sundry Victuallers: And also,

N* 55. Ditto, of the Third Payment of Freight to sundry Victuallers: And also,

N® 36. Account of Provisions, Water Calk, Bedding, S'c. for Soldiers, and other Disbursements by sundry Ships: And also,

N* 57. Account of the Third Payment of Freight to sundry Ships: And also,

N* 58. Ditto, 2d Ditto, to sundry Ships: And also.

N\ 59. Account of the Final Ditto to the Minerva and Beavor: And also,

N® 60. Account of the 4th Payment of Freight to sundry Ships: And also,

N® 61. Account of the Value of Ships taken by the Rebels, and paid for pursuant to Charter Party: And also,

N® 62. Account of Ships taken or destroyed: And . also,

N® 63. Account of the Armament at Corke of 50 Ships, and Provisions for Soldiers on Board of 18 Ships: And also,

N® 64. Account of the 2d Payment of Freight to sundry' Ships: And also, ’

N® 65. Ditto, 5th Ditto, to sundry Ships: And also,

N® 66. Ditto, 4th Ditto, to sundry Ships: And also,

N" 67. Ditto, Final Payment of Freight to Ten Ships: And also,

N® 68. Ditto, 3d Payment of Freight to sundry

Victuallers: And also,

N® 69. Ditto, 5th Ditto, to sundry Victuallers; And

also,

N®70. Ditto, 4th Ditto, to sundry Victuallers: And

also,

N® 71. Ditto, Final Ditto, to Five Ships: And also,

Vgi 36.

N° 72. Ditto, 6th Ditto, to sundry Victuallers: And also,

N® 73. Ditto, 4th Ditto, to sundry Victuallers: And also,

N* 74. Ditto, 5thDitto, to sundry Victuallers: And also,

N® 75. Ditto, Final Ditto, to sundry Victuallers: And also,

N" 76. Ditto, 3d Ditto, to sundry Victuallers: And also,

N® 77. Ditto, 4th Ditto, to sundry Ships: And also,

N® 78. Ditto, 5th Ditto, to sundry Ships: And also,

N® 79. Ditto, Final Ditto, to sundry Ships, and for Extra Men: And also,

N® 80. Account of the Value of the Ship , taken by the Rebels: And also,

N® 81. Account of Armament of Ships, and Provisions for Soldiers embarked at Corke: And also,

N® 82. Account of the Armament for sundry Ships, and of Provisions and Accommodations for Soldiers: And also,

N® 83. Account of Final Payment of Freight, and of Extra Seamen: And also,

N® 84. Account of the 3d Payment of Freight to sundry Ships: And also,

N® 85. Ditto, 5th Ditto, to sundry Ships: And also,

N" 86. Ditto, 6th Ditto, to sundry Ships: And also,

N® 87. Ditto, Final Ditto, to sundry Ships discharged: And also,

N® 88. Account of the 5th Payment of Freight to sundry Ships: And also,

N® 89. Ditto, 6th Ditto, to sundry Victuallers: And also,

N® 90. Ditto, Final Ditto, to Three Ships: And also,

N® 91. Ditto, 5th Ditto, to sundry Victuallers: And also,

N® 92. Ditto, 6th Ditto, to sundry Victuallers: And also,

N® 93. Ditto, 7th Ditto, to sundry Victuallers: And also,

N® 94. Ditto, Final Ditto, to sundry Ships di£ charged or loft: And also,

N® 95. Account of the Final Payment of Freight to fundiry Ships: And also,

N" 96. Account of the Value of Ships taken, paid in pursuancenf the Covenants of the Charter Parties: And also,

N® 97. Account of the Fourth Payment of Freight to sundry Ships: And also,

N® 98. Ditto, 5th Ditto, to sundry Ships: And also,

N® 99. Ditto, 6th Ditto, to sundry Ships: And also,

N® 100. Ditto, Final Ditto, to sundry Ships discharged.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the Titles of the said Accounts, and the said Schedule, were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Eden presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

Copies of the Returns of the Militia at Annual Exercise for the Year 1777, which have been transmitted to the Offices of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State: And also,

10 D Copies

Accounts

respecting

the Army in

America.

Mill'd*

Return*.

Supply.

Bebuilding

Newgate,

&c.

Answer to

Address.

Committee oo the State of the Nation.

4 8 ° — 19°

A. 1778.

Copies of the Returns of the Qualifications of Deputy Lieutenants and Militia Officers, for the Year 1777* which have been transmitted to the Offices of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State.

Together with Lists of the said Papers.

And the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be pemfed by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst. the other Papers of this Session.

VLt. Eden also prefen ted to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Lift of the several Counties in and,

from which no Returns of the Militia for the Year x 777 have been received at the Offices of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State.

And the'Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report wtych was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred, be received upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 190 die Martii;

Anno 18* Georgii IIP1' Regis, 1778. Prayers.

MR. Speaker reported to the House, That the House attended His Majesty, Yesterday, with their Address; to which his Majesty was pleated to five this moll Gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I return you my hearty Thanks for this very dutiful and affectionate Address: I make no Doubt, that, assisted by the Advice of My Parliament, and supported "by the Spirit of My People, I shall, under the Divine Providence, be enabled to repel every Insult on the Honour of My Crown, to maintain the Rights of My Subjects, and to defend all My Dominions.

had made a further Progress; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again. „

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

-A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by way Supply Bill} of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery, was read Lottery, Sic. a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.:

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Wan from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it *nd was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which tire Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Rej'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That every Person who shall keep any Office, or Place, for buying, felling, insuring, registering, disposing, or otherwise dealing in, any Tickets or Chances, or Parts thereof, or on the Numbers of any Tickets in any Lottery whatsoever, or shall, by writing, or printing, publish the setting-up or using such Office or Place, shall first take out a Licence for that Purpose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there shall be raised, levied, and paid, unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every such Licence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Monies to arise by the said Duty shall be_ap-plied towards defraying the Expences attending the Commission to be made forth, for managing, directing, ai»d drawing, such lottery.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery, is committed, that they have Power to make Provision i» the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for better paving and cleansing the Streets and Lanes within the Town of Dover, in the County of Kent, and in the several Parishes of Saint Mary the Virgin, and Saint James the Apostle, in the said Town and County, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation:

Ordered, That the several Papers, which w ere presented to the House by Ixxrd George Germain, upon the 2d Day of February last, and the 6th and 9th Days of this Inistant March, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Baker took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mt. BaJcer reported from the Committee, That they

16

Mr. Whitworth presented to the House, according to Insolvcat Order, a Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and ^>ebtor*' for the Relief of Bankrupts in certain Cafes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, Comm, tte notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon L»nd Taa Monday last, for receiving, Tomorrow Morning, the ComioaEoao*. Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing Commissioners to put in

execution

18 Geo. III. 19® — 23* Martii. 839

execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, 4< An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, " by a Land Tax to be raised in Great , for the Set vice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Seventy eight," together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, was committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon this Day Sevennight. '

night, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend the Laws now in being, relating to Sewers.

And then the House, having continued to fit till Half an Hour after Four of the Clock on Friday Morning, adjournecHill d/wirfnyjMorning next. Ten of the Clock.

Kirton The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Small Debts. Monday last, for the Second Reading of the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the Recovery of Small Debts, within the several Parishes of Surfleet, Go , Donning ton.

Bicker, Sicinejhcad, IV , dyke, Kirton, Frampton, and Brothertoft,

within the hundred of Kirton, and County of,

To morrow Morning, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Importation The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Tobacco Tuesday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider of permitting the Importation of Tobacco, being the Growth and Product of any of His Majesty’s West India Islands, into Great Britain, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ways and The House was moved, That the Order, made Means. Yesterday, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. The House was moved. That the Order, made Yesterday, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Rebuilding The House was moved. That the Order, made Newgate, Yesterday, for receiving, Tomorrow Morning, the *iC* Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Stirling The other Orders of the Day being read j Highways. Ordered, That the Bill for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Stirling, be read a Second Time upon Tuesday next, at Twelve of the Clock. Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-Vot. 36.

Lunce, 2 30 die Martii;

Anno 18* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1778.

P It A V 2 It S.

MR. Barroto reported from the Committee, to Gloucester whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers and of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the ^*eR*K^ur,r Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and *‘oa widening the Roads leading from the City of Gloucester, towards Cheltenham and Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Questiou severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Acomb Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Land, called *ncl°*urt* Acomb Common, within the Regality or Manor of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Land, called Acomb Common, within the Regality or Manor of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That Sir William Middleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir William Middleton, do make the Tyne Bridge Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace in and for the County of Northumbei'land, and of Henry Errington, of Sandhoe, in the said County, Esquire, and of divers other Freeholders and Inhabitants in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred*

Sir William Middleton accordingly repotted from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it-in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John French produced to your Committee, a Proposal of Henry Errington, Esquire, delivered into the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County of Northumberland, on the 6th Day of February 1777, for the building of a Stone Bridge over the River Tyne, opposite to the Town of Hexham and also an examined Copy of an Order of the find Quarter Session*,

made

blgit' ed by

Morpctli,

&c.

Road.

Stow

Poor.

Leckhampton

Inclosure.

840 2 30 Ma. 1778.

made on the 2d Day of 1777, for accepting the said Proposal; and also Articles of Agreement between the Justices and Mr. Erring ton, for carrying the same Proposal into Execution. Then,

Mr. Ralph Heron and the said Mr. French, being examined, said, That the Ford near the Place, where, by the said Articles, it is proposed to build a Bridge, is extremely dangerous at Times of Floods, which frequently happen after Rains; that, at such Times, the Bottom of the said Ford is shifted by the Violence of the Current, which renders the Passage through it always uncertain, and frequently impracticable; and that the building a Bridge, with proper Avenues to it, at the above aescribed Place, would not only be exceedingly convenient for the said Town and Neighbourhood, but of great public Utility.

Mr. Nicholas Walton and Mr. John Blacket, being then examined, said, They remembered Two Men being loft, in the Year 1776, in attempting to crdfs the said Ford in the Day-time. And,

Several Members present informed your Committee, That the said Ford is a very dangerous one.

Mr. French, and all the other Witnesses, further said, That, besides the Ford, where it is proposed to build the said Bridge, there is another, higher up, equally dangerous and uncertain.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Stone Bridge across the River Tyne, oppo-lite the Town of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, and for making proper Roads and Avenues to and from the same: And that Sir William Middleton and Lord Algernon Peri l) do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Morpeth, by or through Milford, Thropple, Long Witten, and by the North

Side of Roth leg Park Wall to Sting CroJ's, and to the High CroJ's, in Elf don, in the County of Northumberland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Middleton, Lord Algernon Percy, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of Stow, in the County of Suffolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir William Gtiife reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows and Pasture, Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Leckhampton, in the County of Gloucester, and several small Parcels of the said Fields, which extend into the Parish of Cheltenham, in the same County, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774,‘relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and had also given their Consent to the leaving out One of the Commissioners Names, and adding Three others to the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had di-rested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Hills, Downs, Pastures, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Naunton, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William GuiJ'e, Mr. Chester, Sue.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Reverend Anfclm Jones, Rest or of the Paritti of Na union, in the County of Gloucester, which was presented to the House upon the 25th Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the\ Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Heath, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Hackthorne, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Heath, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Hackthorne, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Sibthorpe. do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land, in the Manor and Hamlet of Cow Iioneyborn, otherwise Chapel Honeyborn, in the County of Gloucester, was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open ajvl Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land, in the Manor and Hamlet of Cow Honeyborn, otherwise Chapel Honeyborn, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Chester do carry the Bill to the Lords, ami desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of Whitechapel Road Side, in the County of Middlesex, and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is depending’, to pave the Foot Paths of the said Road Side; and that, if the Provisions of the said Bill were extended to the Foot Paths'of the said Road Side as far as the

Turnpike,

Nauntmt

Inclosure*

HacktJiome

Inclosure.

Honeyborn

Inclosure.

Whitechap<

Paying.

i8 Geo. III. 23° Martiu 841

Turnpike, and to the several Streets, Lanes, Roads, and Passages, opening into the said Foot Paths, it would be commodious to the Petitioners, and of public Utility: And therefore praying, That the Provisions of the said Bill may be extended to the said Foot Paths as far as the Turnpike, and to the several Streets, Lanes, Roads, and Passages, opening into the fame, under such Regulations as to the House shall feetn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Hay ley, Mr. Alderman Oliver, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons* Papers, and Records.

Duty Law, A Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of _ in Houses and Estates in an Avenue called Dirty Lane, *n t*ie of Saint Mary Whitechapel, in the County * of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That Application is making to Parliament for a Bill to widen the said Avenue, and that it would be of public Utility, if Provision was made to remove from and prevent in future any Obstructions and Annoyances in the said Avenue, by Spouts, Polls, Filth, Rubbish, or otherwise, and to regulate the placing of Lamps, and numbering of the Houses now built, or hereafter to be erected, in the said Avenue: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Hayley, Mr. Alderman Oliver, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber^ and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ditto. A Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Estates, in the East Side of Petticoat Lane, Wentworth Street, and the several Streets and Places from Petticoat Lane aforesaid to Roto inclusive,

situate in the Parishes of Mary Whitechapel and Saint Dnnjlan Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, was

Jirefented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That he Petitioners are informed that Leave has been given to bring in a Bill for widening, improving, and paving, Dirty Lane; and alleging, that the East Side of Petticoat Lane, Wentworth Street, and the several Streets and Places from Petticoat Lane aforesaid to Bakers Row inclusive, situate near Dirty Lane, are very ill-paved, and in a ruinous Condition; and it would be of public Utility, as well as commodious to the Petitioners, if Provision was made in the said Bill for paving the East Side of the said Lane, and the said several Streets and Places from Petticoat Lane to Bakers Row inclusive, and also the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages, opening into the fame, and removing and preventing Nuisances, Obllruftions, and Annoyances therein: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the paving of the East Side of Petticoat Lane, Wentworth Street, and the several Streets and Places from Petticoat Lane aforesaid to Bakers Row inclusive, and the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages, opening into the same respectively, and removing and preventing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition'be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the last preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Vol. 36.

A Bill for building a Bridge across the River Tawey, at or near a Place called Morris’s Wear, in the Parish of Llangevelach, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Llanfamlett, in the County of Glamorgan for making proper Avenues or Roads to and from the said Bridge; for rebuilding or repairing the old Bridge at Upper Forefi, in the said Parish of Llanfamlett; and hlfo for repairing and widening the Road from Pentre near a Place called Aberdwyberthy, to the said Bridge at Upper Forest, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Herbert Mackworth, Mr. Rice,&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Pourys presented to the House, accord i ng to Order, a Bill for better repairing, amending, and widening, the Roads leading from Brampton Bridge to Welford Bridge, and from Mortar Pit Hill to Chain Bridge, in the County of Northampton j and also from Mortar Pit Hill and Brampton Bridge aforesaid, to the Town of Northampton i and for repealing several Acts, made in the Eighth Year of King George the Firii and the Twelfth and Twenty-third Years of his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Powys presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Heath, and Walie Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Maidford, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parishes of Saint Gyles, Saint Sepulchre, Saint Lawrence, and Saint Andrew, in or near the Town of Northampton, in the County of Northampton, some or One of them, and which are commonly called or known by the Name of Northampton Fields, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Powys, Mr. Knightley,&c.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Floore, otherwise Floioer, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Powys Mr. Knightley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Byfield and Wefirup, in the Parish of Byfield, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Powys, Mr. Knightley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing- certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Townships of Olley and Newall with Clifton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir 10 E

Tawcjr

River.

Brampton

Bridge*

&c.

Roads.

Maidford

ipclosure.

Northampton

ludoiure.

Flower

Inclosure*

Byfidd

and

Westrup

Inclosure.

Otl^y

and

Newall

Iadofmt.

842 ii* Marta. A. 1778.

Savile, Mr. Toxmjhend, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Knmneton A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Inclosure. Meadow, Carr, Common, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Dbuiingtin tike Parishes of Saint Leonard ana Saint Joh, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the BHl be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Towii/hend, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bolfterftone §jr George Savile presented to the House, according nc o ure. or<jer> a | for dividing and inclosing tike several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of

Bolferstone, in the Parish of in tike County of York: And the same was received; and rear! the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Glulburn Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Inclosure. whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons or Waste Grounds, called Moor, within the Manor of Glujburn, in the Parish of Kildwick, in the West Riding of tike County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; aind that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (exceptTwo Proprietors of Lands to the Amount of £.1,0 a Year, who did not attend the Meeting of the Parties to agree to the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands entitled to Right of Common upon the Lands intended to be inclosed amount to £. 843 a Year, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to th<? House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Q.uef-tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

tMr. Salisbury Brereton reported from the Committee, llfateT *° w^om ^ie higrofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Timber and Wood growing upon the Estates of Henry Perryn Browne, Esquire, in the County of York, in Trustees, to sell the same, and apply the Money arising therefrom for making a Recompence to Sir Richard his Father, for the

Charges and Expences of making Buildings and Improvements upon the same Estate, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. BeJ'olved, That the Bill do pais.

Ordered, That Mr. Salusbury Brereton do carry the ' Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Hotoard reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in the Right honourable Charles Howard, Esquire, commonly called Charles Earl of Surrey, and his Heirs, the settled Estates of the said Earl, in the Counties of Cumberland, Weflm and Surrey, sub-

jest to certain Charges affecting the fame, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: A#d he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Howard do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for impowering the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, to exchange certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments belonging to them, in the Parishes of Alnwick, E ruble ton, and Warkicorlh, in the County of Northumberland, for other Lands belonging to the Most noble Duke

of Northumberland, in iomeOne or more of the Open Common Fields at Corbridge, in the said County; and to impower the said Conunilfioners and Governors to grant Leases in Manner therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Hardy, Lord Algernon Percy, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called Common,

within the Barony or Manor of Langley, and in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Hardy, Lord Algernon Percy, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Ciock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. George Onslow presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Wharf, in the Parish of Stoke next Guldeford, through

Guldeford, to Andrew's Cross, and to A {fold Bars, in the County; of Surrey, and from thence to Gate, in Arundel, in the County of Sussex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing and confirming au Agreement, made between the Dean and Chapter of Durham, and General Cuthbert Ellison, for the Partition and Division of a Tract of unimproved Land, in the Parish of farrow, in the County Palatine of Durham, and the Partition and Division made in pursuance thereof, vva> read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Toicnjhend.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House proceeded to take into Conftleration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common or Waste Ground, called North Myms Common, or U'ood,

in

Ear! of

Surrey’s

Estate%

Greenwich

Hospital

Estate,

Fourftoflo

Inclosure,

Dapdon

Wharfs

&c.

Road.

Dean and Chapter of Dumam’l Eftaie.

North Mv mi Incldiure.

18 Geo. III. 23" Martii. 843

Bond's £ ft ate.

Fenny Compton J ado for*.

Bolnliurst

Inclosure.

in the Parish of North Myms,.in the County of Hert~ ford.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Press 7.1. 9. After " notwithstanding" insert " and " that it shall be lawful for the " said Anthonhis Successors, by and with the Content " of the Bishop of the Diocese,

" and the Patron of the said Vicarage, signified by being Parties thereto, at any Time before " the Execution of the Comroif-:

" sioners Award, and with the Consent of the said Commissioners,

" or any Two of them, to exchange the said Allotment, or.

" any Part or Parts thereof, for " any other Lands within the said u Parish more conveniently situated " for the said Vicarage, and such " Exchange, and Exchanges are " hereby declared to be valid; and " that in case no such Exchange " thafl be made for Lands already " inclosed, then it shall be lawful " for the said Vicar, with the Consent of the Bishop of Uie Diocese, to let or demise his said " Allotment to any Person or " Persons, for any Term not exceoding Twenty-one Years, provided the said Lease or Leases " do commence within Twelve " Months after the passing of this " Act, and be for the moll improved Rent that can be got " for the fame, without Fine or " Foregift."

The laid Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the HouCe.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumer do carry the Bill to the Lord?; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower John Bond, Merchant, and his Wife,

or the Survivor of them, during their respective Lives, to grant Leases of their settled Estate, in the County of Surrey, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, and Grounds, of and within' the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Fenny Compton, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Tfolte, Mr. S/cipzcit/i,&c.: Aud they are to meet this Afternoon^ at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. > -

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Maiior and Parish of Bolnhnrjl, in the County of Bedford ;and for exoneratingeertain ancient I’iclosures, within the said Manor and Parish, from the Payment of Tythes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Ongley, Mr. Gilbert, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Vol. 36.

Mr. Garth reportedTrom the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying i« Severalty, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Manor and Tything of Coate, in the Parish of Bishopif Cannings, in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined, and, found that the Standing Orders of the Iloule, of the 2.5th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except ..... Knight, who is a Lunatic, and is Owner* of Lands to the Amount of £. 126 a Year; and except the Owners of Lands to the Amount of f. 22 a Year, who could not be met with; and also except Two other Persons, who are Owners of Lands to the Amount of £.41 a Year, who refilled to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to he divided and allotted amount to the Yearly Sum of £.978, and upwards; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they hail directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Benyon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for authorizing the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for draining and improving Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Billinghay, in the County of Lincoln, to raise and complete certain Banks and Works, which are now under the Jurisdiction r«f the General Commissioners for draining Lands on both Sides the River William; and for reimbursing the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds all such Money as shall be expended therein, not exceeding a Sum to be limited, was committed; That the Committee had examined the AiieSations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill.; and made several Amendments thereunto which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

A Petition of the Right honourable French Lord Le Dcfpencer, the Right honourable Matt beta Lord ForteJ'cue, the Right honourable B. ownlow Lord low, and also the humjble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the said Bill, and Siting forth. That the Petitioners being Proprietors of several of the Low Lands ,u<d Fens mentioned and described in an Act, pall' d in t lie Second Year of the Reign of His present Mae fly, intituled, "An Act for draining and prefer. ing etrtain Low Lands called The Fair, lying on both " Sides of the River Witham, in the Co untv of " coins and for restoring and maintaining the igation of the said River, from The High in

" the City of Lincoln, through the Borough of Boston,

" to the Sea;" and the said Francis Lord Le I'efptncer, Matthew Lord Fortescue, and Lord Brown low, being.also General Commissioners duly appointed Inputting the said Act in execution, conceive, that if

Die ized by

Coate

Inclosure.

Billinobay

Drainage.

Ditto.

WhitfUble

Oyster

Fishery.

Bunncy*s

Name.

Christ Church, Middlesex, Poor.

Aceonnts respecting the Army in

Americ*.

844 2 30 Martii. A. 1778.

the said Bill should pass into a Law, the same will be very detrimental as well to the Interest of the Petitioners, and others. Proprietors of the said Low Lands and Fens, as also of all the Creditors who have advanced considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Taxes, anting by virtue of the said Act; and that the Petitioners are well allured, that very few of the many Persons interested in the said Bill are hitherto acquainted with the Progress made in carrying the same through the House, many of whom live at a great Distance in the Country, and have not had an Opportunity of perusing a Bill whereby their Interest is likely to be so much -effected: And therefore praying, That such a reasonable Time, as to the House shall seem meet, may be given, that the Proprietors, and other Persons interested in the said Bill, who reside in the Country at great Distances, may have Time to consider of the fame; and that the Petitioners may he heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Report be taken into further Consideration; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for more effectually securing the Oyster Fishery at Whitstable, in the County of Kent, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to enable Edmund Hartopp, lately called Edmund Bunney, Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body by Ann his Wife, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Hartopp, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. George Bridges Brudenell, Mr. Darker, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

Mr. Alderman llarle}) presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, more effectually to enable the Paciihioners of the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, to purchase, hire, or erect, a Workhouse, for the employing and maintaining the P00V of the said Parish, and for the more effectual Support and Employment of the Poor therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders

ft® 1. Copies of Treasury Minutes relating to the Orders and Directions issued by the Treasury for purchasing Spanish and Portugal Gold Coins, viz. of 21st February, 16th April, nth and 18th June, 9th

July, and 5th November, 1771; 17th February, 7thand 9th April, 22d May, 24th June, 24th and 28th July, 7th and 9th October, 3d November, 16th and 22d December, 1772; 14th and 26th January, 16th and 30th March, 20th April, 4th May, 17 th and 19th June, 15th and 29th July, iqth 21st October, 18th

November, and 16th December, 1773; And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Robinson to Messrs. Harley and Drummond, 24th July 1772: And also,

N° 3. Ditto, from Ditto to Ditto, 6th March 1776: And also,

N° 4. Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 14th June 1776: And also,

N° 5. Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 20th June 1776: And also,

N° 6. Ditto, Ditto, t)itto, 13th July 1776: And also,

N° 7. Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 28th August 1776: And also,

N° 8. Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, nth -September 17761 And also,

N° 9. Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 9th January 1777: And also,

N° 10. Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, nth March 1777: And also,

N® n. Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 22d March 1777: And also,

N° 12. Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 27th March 1777: And also,

N° 13. Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 9th June 1777: And also,

N° 14. Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 12th 1777: And also,

N° 15. Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 19th June ini'. also,

ft® 16. Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 29th 1777: And also,

N° 17. Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 12th August 1777: And also,

N° 18. Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 15th August 1777: And also,

N° 19. Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 26th December 17771 And also,

N®.20. Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 26th December ini' And also,

ft® 21. Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 6th February 1778: And also,

N® 22. Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 28th February 1778: And also,

N® 23. Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 7th March 1778: And also,

N® 24. Account of Ittues to Messrs. Harley and Drummond, Contractors for purchasing and

Portugal Coin, for the Use of the Forces in Nortk America, from ift January 1771 to iff January 1778: And also,

N® 25. Amount of Paymasters Receipts at Boston, for Monies paid by the Agents of Messrs. Harley and Drummond, to May 1772; And also.

Copies of Treasury Minutes, dated 13th, 22d, and 24th January, and 10th February, 1778, relating to the Contraft entered into by Daniel Chamier, Esquire, late Commissary General in America, with Joshua Loring, Esquire, Agent to Mure and Co. for 350,000 Gallons of Rum: And also,

Extract of Sir William Howe's Letter to Jon, Esquire, dated 5th April 1777: And also,

Extract of a Letter from Daniel Wier, Esquire, to John Robinson, Esquire, dated 20th May 1777: And also, ' <

Copy of a Letter, dated 24th June 1777, from Messrs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson, on their Rum Contraft, and in respect to the Price of the Rum to be furnished under that Contraft; with Three Inclosures, ft® 1, 2, 3; And also.

Copy

18 Geo. III.

23* Ma

845

Copy of a Letter, dated 23d 1777* from Messrs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson, on their Rum Contract; And also.

Ext raft of a letter from General Howe to Mr. Robinson, dated 30th November 1777: And also.

Copy of a Letter from Daniel W, Esquire, Cotn-missary General, to General Sir William relative

to fixing a Price to Messrs. Mure and Co's Rum Contract, dated 27th November 1777: And also.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee* to Keighley to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing, amending, and widening, the Road from " Keighley, in the W eft Riding of the County of,

" to Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of

was committed; and to whom the Petition of several

Copy of a Letter, dated 12th January 1778, from Persons interested in that Part of the Turnpike Road

Messrs. Mure, Son, and A'kinf preding the Settlement of their Rum Contract; with Two Inclosures,

N* 1 and 2: And also.

Copy of a letter, dated 22d January 1778, from Messrs. Mure, Son, and Atkinfrespecting their Rum Contraft: And also.

Copy of a Letter, dated 24th Janudry 1778, from Messrs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson, on the Settlement of their ltum Contraft: And also.

Copy of Observations on the Contraft made with Messrs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson, for a Supply of Rum for the Troops; together with Calculations referred to in the Observations on hud Contraft, dated 7th July 1777: And also.

from Keighley^ in die County of York, to Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of n which leads from Cowen, otherwise Coin Bridget in tire County of Lancaster, to Kirkby in Kendal aibi esaid, was referred; That the Committee had coofidered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the Came to be true; and that the Committee had goue through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table, where the Report was read.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free-

Copy of Certificate for Rum delivered by Sloop holders, refid Log in the several Townships of Whitting General Hmoe from Jamaica, for Apcount of Messrs. , Newton, Arkholme, Grajbtgham, Barrow,

Mure, Son, and Atkofon.: And also, Cant field, Wrayton, Melting, and

Copy of Certificate, dated 6th September 1776, for Hornby, being in the North Part of the County oiLan-the Delivery of Five Cargoes of Rum by Messrs. casier, and adjoining to the County of Wtfvurreland. Mure, Son, and Atkinson: And also, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice

Kxtmft of a letter from General Carletm to John of the said Bill, and Setting forth. That the Petitioners JLbihfon, Esquire, dated 25th November 1776; And have been long grievously oppressed by a Turnpike also, Gate erected at the Find of the Town of Kirkby Jjonf-

Copy of a Letter, dated zift July 1777, from Mr. dale (which is their nearest Market) and which obliges Atkinson, on his Rum Contraft, and on the Report of them to pay towards the Reparation of a Read from the Keferees on the fame, which they receive no Benefit W hatever, and which.

Together with Schedules of the said Papers. in feme Degree, prevents that Traffick and Corn-

Sir Grey Cooper also presented to the House, merce which the Petitioners have been accustomed to

Copies of Letters from Daniel Chamier, Esquire, cariy on at the said Market, and whereby they have Commissary of the Army in America, to the Lords of been greatly injured: And therefore praying, That the the Treasury; and Copies of letters from the Treasury, said Turnpike Gate may be removed to any Place ou to Daniel Chamier, Esquire: And also, the South East Side of a Place called Burrow Lane,

Copiesof Letters from ItbnielWier, Esquire, Com- or that the House will render the Petitioners such other

missary of the Array in America, to the Ixjrds of the Treasury; and Copies of Letters from the Treasury to Daniel Wier, Esquire: And also.

Relief in the Premises, as to the House thall seem most meet and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Copies of Letters from his Excellency Sir Wittiam Table, until the said Report be taken into farther Con Hoax, to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, side ration.

Swply Bill; Duties on Wineip Jtc.

Be importation

of

Tofcroo,

from the ift of January 1777 to the 5th of December

*777-

And the said Schedules, and the Titles of the said Copies, were read.

Ordered. '1 hat the said Papers and Copies be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

1 lie laid Papers and Copies are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines and Vinegar imported into this Kingdom t And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a B*H for allowing the Re importation of unmanufactured Tobacco from Foreign Parts, although the same may have been fold Abroad, and the Importation of Tobacco, the Growth and Product of the Island of Dominica, under certain Regulations and Re-strictions: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vol. 36.

Ditto.

The House was moved. That the Standing Order of the Goufe of the 25th Day of April 1774, u That, " after this Session of Parliament, before any Petition " is presented to this House, for making a Turnpike " Road, or for the Renewal or Alteration of any Act " of Parliament passed for that Purpose, Notice of fnoh " intended Application to Parliament be given at the " General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, which shall " be held for every and each County or District through 4* which such Road pafles, or is intended to pase, at " the Michaelmas immediately preceding the Session of Parliament in which such Petition is to be prefeot*-u ed," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the frud Report be taken into further Con-fid erat ion upon this Day Three Mouths 4

T he House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

*» *<* 1 MrSSSf*

g®ss!a*i

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Cousideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the . fetid Report into further Cousideration.

xoF And.

Message ftom the King: War with France.

Napton

Inclosure.

Dinnington

inclosure.

846 230 Martii. > 1778,

And the Amendments made by. the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

The Lord North acquainted the House, That he had a Message from His Majesty, to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the . Members of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

The French King having concluded a Treaty of Amity and Commerce with His Majesty’s revolted Subjects in North America, and His Majesty having 'received Advice, that the warlike Preparations in France become every Day more considerable; His Majesty thinks that, in this critical Conjuncture, He should not act consistently with the Care and Concern, which He always feels for His Faithful People, if He omitted any Means in His Power that may contribute to their Defence: Therefore, in pursuance of the Acts of Parliament, enabling His Majesty to call out and assemble the Militia, in the Cafes therein mentioned, His Majesty has thought it right to make this Communication to the House of Commons; to the End that His Majesty may, if He shall think proper, chuse the Militia to be drawn out and embodied, and to march as Occasion shall require.

G. R.

Refulved, Nemine eontradicentc. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the humble" Thanks of this House, for His most Gracious Message; and to express the just Sense we have of His Majesty’s Goodness, and of His paternal Care of His People, in providing every Means in His Power that may tend to their Defence, and in H is Intention to call out and assemble the Militia, if it shall be found necessary for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Moll honourable Privy Council.

Notice being taken that His Majesty’s Interestis concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and - Liberties of Napton upon the ,' in the County of

Wanoick;which Bill was, upon last, reported

from the Committee to whom the same had been committed ;:

The Lord North, by H is Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Coh-sent, as far as His Majesty’s Intereil is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.; ’ -;

Notice being taken that His Majesty’s Intereil is " concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Meadow, Carr, Common, and Waste Grounds, within the Township o in the Pa-

riflies of Saint Leonard and Saint John, in the County of York; which Bill was, this Day, read a Second Time, and committed; .

‘ The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Intereil is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in

the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to authorize, for a limited Time, the " Punishment by Hard Labour of Offenders, who, for " certain Crimes, are or shall become liable to be transported to any of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to inquire into the Measures which have been adopted and pursued for carrying the said Act into execution, and also into the Effects produced by the said Act; and to re-

{xort the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the doufe.

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Richard Sutton, the Lord North, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and hive Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of Thomas Moore, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Mere, in the County and also

Owner and Proprietor of all the Tithes arising within a certain Common called WMoor, lying within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner perceives, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for dividing and inclosing the above-mentioned Common; and that, in a printed Copy of the said Bill shewn to the Petitioner, he is not Hated to be, although he really is, the folc Lord and Proprietor of the said Manor, and of the Tithes of the said Common; and there is no Provision, in the said Bill, "for allotting unto the Petitioner a certain and express Proportion of the said Common, in Compensation for his Manorial Rights and Tithes, which the Petitioner apprehends ought to be particularly provided for in the said Bill; and that there are several Recitals and Clauses very injurious to the Petitioner’s Interest, inserted therein: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by himself or' his Counsel, against the said Bill; and that it may not be permitted to pass into a Law asit-now Hands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, or Tract of Commonable Land, called or known by the Name of Westhay Moor, within the Parish and Manor of in the County of Somerset, is committed; and that the: Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon, his Petition; if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Conj-mittee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill against the said Petition. 1

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and ‘Mr.1 Ijeeds.* /

Mr. Speaker, <<...

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for opM^pfieftually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset; and for repealing Two Acts, One of the Twenty-fifth Year, of-his late Majesty, and the other of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, relating to the said Roads; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads adjoining the retowithout any Amendment: And also, ' ,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act; for enlarging the Termand Powers of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the East End of the Town of Hertford, in the County of through Watton, to Broadwater, and from the Town of

Ware,

Wefihay

Inclosure.

Taunton

Roads.

Hertford

Roads.

Fryer Bacon4; Sfody, See. Roads.

Gloucester, c . Road.

Siddington

lodoiurc.

North

MarOon

Inclosure.

Hanlwicke

lodosure*

ihuckburgh Jo do lure.

Bullock’s

EBaic.

Bishop of Durham’s Efhue.

T-ord

singlcy’a

Will.

Vor(bp*s

Marriage

ttlcment.

18 Geo. III. ‘ 23° Martii. 847

Ware, through Wat ton, to the North End of the Town . An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bishop of of Walks rn, in the said County; without any Amend- for vesting the several yearly Rents and Copyhold Fine*, tnent.: And also, payable to the Lord Bishop of and his Suc-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An ceflors, and ilfuing out of the several Messuages, I-ands,

Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, and Tenements, within the Manor of Haw den, in the m<.de in the Twenty-ninth Year of the lleign of his late East Riding of the County of , in Trudges, to be Majesty King George the Second, for amending and fold; and for enabling the said Lord Bishop of,

keeping in Repair the Roads leading from a Place called and his Successors, to enfranchise the several Customary Fryer bacon's Study to Chilton Pond; and from the Top or Copyhold Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, with-of / IinkfeyHill to FoxcombeHill Gale, in the Road lead- in the said Manor; and for applying the Money arising ing to Farringdon, in the County of Berks; without from such Sale and Enfranchisement, in the" Manner

any Amendment: And also, therein mentioned, was read the Firfi Time.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Act for repairing and widening the Road from the City

of Gloucester, to the Town of Stroud, in the County of An ingrossed Bill frorp the Lords, intituled, An Act Worfop’s

Gloucester; without any Amendment: And also, to enable John Arthur Worfop, (heretofore called John Marriage

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Arthur) Esquire, to settle a Jointure upon any Woman Settlciuent. Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Mea- or Women he may hereafter marry, on the Terms dows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands therein mentioned, was read the First Time, and Grounds, in the consolidated Parishes of Sidding- liefolved. That the Bill be read a Second Time. ton Saint Peter and Siddington Saint Mary, in the County of Gloucester;and for taking down the Rectory Sir Archibald reported from the Com- Pr*f*r*tion

Church of Saint Mary, within the said Parishes; without mittee, to whom the Bill to rellrain Apprentices, Game any Amendment: And also, Tradesmen, and other unqualified Persons, from de- in

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An stroying the Game, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Scotland; and for granting to Proprietors of Land in Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of Scotland further Powers with regard to killing of Game, and within the Parish and Liberties of North Mar- was committed; That the Committee had gone through Jon, in the County of Bucks; without any Amend- the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto,

.ment: And also, which they had directed him to report to the House;

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards Act for dividing and iudoling the Open and Common delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the*

Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once Commonable Lands, within the Township and Liber- read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by ties of Hardivicke, in the County of Buckingham; with- One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, out any Amendment: And also, were agreed to by the House.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common ingrossed.

Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands

and Grounds, called ShuckburghFieldsr in the County Mr. Combe reported from the Committee, to whom Glastonhury

of Warxcjck; without any Amendment: And also, the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and draining, Inclosure*

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for certain Moors, or Pieces of Waste Land, within the vesting the settled Estate of John Bullock, Esquire, and Parish of Saint John and Saint Benedict, in Glafion-Elizabeth his Wife, in the County of Ciujler, in Truf- bury, in the County of was committed; and

tees, to be sold, for raising Money to discharge an In- to whom the Petition of Denys Rolle, of S/iapwick, in cumbrance thereon, and laying out the Surplus in the the County of SomerJ'et, Esquire, was referred; That Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments to be settled to the Committee had heard the Petitioner, by his Agent; the Uses limited of the said settled' Estate; to which the and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had also, ’ given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Committee (except the Proprietors of 16 Common vesting the several yearly Rents and Copyhold Fines, Rights, who refused to sign the Bill, and the Proprje-payable to the Lord Bishop of Durham, and his Sue- tors of 72 and an Half Common Rights, who were ceflors, and issuing out of the several Messuages, Lands, not applied to; and that the whole Number of Common and Tenements, within the Manor of Hoxvden, in the Rights are 405 and an Half) and that the Committee East Riding of the County of York, in Truliees, to be had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend--fold; and for enabling the said Lord Bishop of Durham, ments thereunto, which they had directed him to, report and his Successors, to enfranchise the several Customary to the House; and he read the Report in l)is Placq; and or Copyhold Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, with- afterwards delivered the Bill, with the -Apienditients, in the said Manor; and for applying the Money arising in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments, were from such Sale and Enfranchisement, in the Manner once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Con- by One; and, upon the Question severally put the recurrence of this House: And also, upon, were agreed to by the House.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be exemplifying or inrolHng the Will of George late Lord ingrossed.

Bingley, deceased, and making such Exemplification or.

attested Copies of the Inrolment thereof. Evidence, as Mr. Alderman Oliver, according to Order, reported Rebuilding well in Ireland as in Great Britain; to which the Lords from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, was referred to consider of the Report which was made

Hie Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to from the Committee, to whom the Petitiouof the Lord enable John Arthur Worfop, (heretofore called John Ar- Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of Lon-thur) Esquire, to settle a Jointure upon any Woman don, in Common Council assembled, was referred, the or Women he may hereafter marry, on the Terms Resolutions which the Committee had directed, him to therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Con- report to the House; which he read in his Place; and currcncc of this House. afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where

And then the Messengers withdrew. the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Vol. 36.

848 23 'MarA. 1778.

RfHn'Iding Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Newgate, That, upon the Credit of the Surplufes of the several c* Funds created by an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Feign of the late King William and Queen Maty, lor the Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London, and which, by Two several other Acts, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second and in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, were farther continued and augmented, the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London, be authorized to borrow and raise the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, at an Interest' not exceeding the Rate of Four Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Sum of Forty Thousand Pounds, so to be raised, be appropriated and applied towards discharging the Debt incurred in rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate, and the Sessions House adjoining thereto, and towards Completing the said Gaol, and building an Infirmary for the sick and distressed Prisoners, and towards the Purchase of Houses and Grounds necessary to make the said Gaol mdreairy, and improve the Avenues thereto; for which several Purposes no Provision has yet been made.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon the Credit of the Surplues of the said several Funds, the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London, be authorized to borrow and raise the Sum of Sixteen thousand Five hundred Pounds at an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Four Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum.

Rcfotoed, That tt is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Sum of Sixteen thousand Five hundred Pounds, so to be raised, be appropriated and applied towards purchasing Ground and Buildings, for the Purpose of making a commodious Street or Opening for Carriages, from Moor fields, oppoflte Street, to-

wards the East, into B Street, and from the End o t Chiswell Street, Westward, into Barbican.

Rejvboed,'I hat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon the Credit of the Surplufes of the said several Funds, the Commissioners for putting in execution an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for opening Communications between upping Street and Ratcliff Highxvay, and between Old Gravel Lane and Virginia Street, and for paving certain Streets intended to be built; and also certain other Streets and public Passages and Places, within the Parishes of George and Saint John of Wappingin the County of be authorized to borrow and raise the Sum of One thousand Pounds, at an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Four Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the fitid Sum of One thousand Pounds, so to be

raised, be appropriated and applied for the Purpose of Opening Communications between Wapping Street and Ratcliff Highway, and between Old Gravel Lane

and Virginia Street, and for paving certain Streets intended to be built; and also certain other Streets and public Passages and Places, within the Parishes of Saint George and Saint John of Wupping, in the County of Middlesex.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon the Credit of the Surplufes of the said several Fands, John Coope, Edward Hawkins, Esquires, and the Reverend Doctor Markham, be authorized to borrow and raise the Sum of One thousand Five hundred Pounds, at an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Four Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Sum of One thousand Five hundred Pounds be appropriated and applied in widening and Improving Dirty Lane, in the Parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex.

±z

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon the Credit of the Surplufes of the said several Funds, John Leman, John and Edward Hawkins, Esquires, be authorized to borrow and

raise the Sum of One thousand Five hundred Pounds, at an Interest not exceeding Four Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, the said Sum of One Thousand Five bundled Pounds be appropriated and applied in opening certain Passages out of the Minor iesaud Whitechapel and High Streets, into Goodman's , in the Parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, and County of Middlesex.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon the Credit of the Surplufes of the said several Funds, the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of Lon don, be authorized to borrow and raise the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, at an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Four Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Sum of Five thousand Pounds be appropriated and applied for paving the Great High Street or Road leading from AldersgateBars, in the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldersgate, to the present Turn-

pike at the End of the said Street, or Road.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon the Credit of the Surplufes of the said several Funds, the several Persons named in the present, or to be named in any future, Commission of t he Peace for the County of Middlesex, be authorized to borrow and raise the Sum of Eleven thousand Pounds, at an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Four Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum.

Refotved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Sum of Eleven thousand Pounds, so to be raised, be appropriated and applied for the Piu pose of taking down the present Section House of the said County, to purchase a proper Piece of Ground for the Erection of a new Session House thereon, and to enable the said several Persons, from Time to Time, to repair such Session House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon the Credit of the Surpluses of the said several Funds, the Gentlemen named in the present, or to be named in any future, Commission of the Peace for the City and liberty of Westminster, be authorized to borrow and raise the Sum of Five thousand Five hundred Pounds, at an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Four Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Surst of Five thousand Five hundred Pounds, so to be raised, be appropriated and applied for the Purpose of erUfting a commodious Court House within the said City a'pd Liberty of Westminster.

Resolved, That it is die Opinion of this Committee, That, upon the Credit of the Surplufes of the said several Funds, the Commissioners for paving the Streets, Lanes, and Places, within the Town and borough of Southwark, be authorized to borrow and raise the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, at an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Four Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Sam of Four thousand Pounds be appropriated and applied in completing the several Works uire&ed to be done by the several Acts for paving the Streets, Lanes, and Other Plates, within the f ad Borough of Southwark.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Oidered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the First and Second of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alderman Sawbridge, Mr. Alderman , Mr. Aider-

man

18 Geo. lit. 230 Martii,

man Ilayley, and Mr. Alderman do prepare, and

bring in, the fame-

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the Third and Fourth of the said Resolutiops: And that Mr. Alderman Sawb ridge, Mr. Alderman , Mr. Alderman Ilaylei/, and Mr. Alderman do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the Fifth and Sixth of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. and Mr. Alderman Wilkes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the Seventh and Eighth of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Byng, Mr. Alderman Wilkes, Mr. and

Sir Charles Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the Ninth and Tenth of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Byng t and Mr. Alderman Wilkes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the Eleventh and Twelfth of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Alderman Sawbridge, Mr. Alderman Oliver, Mr. Alderman and Mr. Al-

derman Bull, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the Thirteenth and Fourteenth of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Tufnell, Sir Charles Whitworth, and Mr. Byng,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the Fifteenth and Sixteenth of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Tufnell, Sir Charles Whitworth, and Mr. Byng, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the Seventeenth and Eighteenth of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Polhill, Mr. Thrale, and Mr. Cator, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Cfcnft ewch, Xhe House was moved. That the Report which, upon Pim|CX. Twelfth Day of this instant March, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of don, in Common Council assembled, and also the Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of the Pa-riih of Thrift Church, in the County of Middlesex, were severally referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consuleration of a Committee of the whole House.

R;/(' Red, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Accounts Ordered, That the Account of Portugal Gold and referred to Spanish Silver Coin, remitted to America from ill Committee January 1771 to 1 it January 1778, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Account of Paymasters Receipts for Monies paid into their Hands by the Agents of MeflTrs. Harley and Drummond, from ;6th September 1774 to 31st December 1777, both inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Expence of the Freight of Victuallers hired to carry Provisions to America, from the ifl Day of October 1775 to the 30th of September 1777, be referred to the said Commitlee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Expence of the Freight of Victuallers and Store Ships hired to carry Prov ifions and Stores to North America, for the Use of II is Majesty's Forces, from the ill Day of October 1775 to the 30th Day of September 1777, be referred to the said Committee. . '

Vol. 36.

Ordered, That the Account of the Transports taken

up or contracted for line e September 177 5 to September

177 7, describing the Tonnage, and what has been paid, or contracted to be paid, for the fame, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Expence of the Freight of Victuallers hired to carry Provisions to North America, and the Value of the said Provisions, for the Use of the Troops there; also the Value of all Provisions, fife. shipped on board Ordnance Store Ships,

Ships of War, fife, for the Use of the said Troops, from ill October 1775 to the 30th September 1777, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Expence of victualling the Transports hired by the Navy Board, from ill October 1775 to 30th September 1777> with all Charges attending the fame, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Monies advanced or allowed upon any Contracts, since the ill of January

1774, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Number of Persons employed in the Commissariate in $America and the West Indies, under the Appointment or with the Knowledge of the Board, of Treasury, with their respective Pay and Appointments, for the Years 1774,

1775, 1776, 1777, and 1778, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Lotte*y> * upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Mprning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second The Small* Reading of the Bill to enable the Corporation of Trinity bight House. House of Deptford Sfrond to establish and maintain a Light House on the Rocks called the Smalls, in Saint George's Channel;

A Petition of the Merchants, Mariners, and Trades-men, of the Port of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the said Bill, and Setting forth, That the Utility of the said Light House has not been proved and ascertained; and that ihe Petitioners apprehend the erecting a Light House upon the said Rocks will be so far from being useful to Navigation, that very great Danger will arise therefrom to the Shipping, Lives, and Properties, of His Majesty’s Subjects, and a considerable Duty will beimpoled upon all Ships passing through Saint George's; and that

no Benefit can arise to such Ships by the erecting of the said Light House; and that, exclusive of the Danger to which such Ships will by this Means be exposed, they will be Hill subjected to a further Inconvenience; for, if the said Bill should pafc into a Law, and a Duty thereby be laid upon Trade, it may be the Cause of preventing the erecting of Light Houses in other Parts of Saint George's Channel, which might be of public Utility: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass' into a Law.

A Petition of the Merchants, Mariners, and Trades- Ditto,

1 o G men.

- r

v

.1

850 23° — 24°

men, of the Port of Liverpool, whose Names are futy-scribed, was alf© presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Thatihe Petitioners observe, in the Votes,

„ a Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Slrond, declaring their Intention of causing a Light House, said to have been erected on One of the Rocks ly ing in Saint George's Channel, called the Smalls, to be repaired, or

k new one inllead thereof to be erected upon such of the Rocks as they shall adjudge to be moil beneficial to Navigation; and that certain Letters Patent, containing a Grant of the said Rock to John Phillips, Esquire, for a Term of Fifty Years, are now vested in them, the said Mailer, Wardens, and Assistants, for the Refulue of the said Term, by the Consent of the Pa- tentee and others interested therein; and praying for Leave to bring in a Bill, to enable them to collect Duties on Ships, and other Vessels, passing within certain Limits* and for vetting in them, their Successors, and Assigns, for ever, the said Rocks of the Smalls; and that the Petitioners have sufficient Cause for doubting whether a Light House can be supported on the said Rocks, every Attempt hitherto made having been frustrated by the Violence of the Winds and Waves; and that the Utility of a Light House upon those Rocks, if possible to be erected and supported there, is dubious and indeterminate, not likely to extend beyond a partial and uncertain Advantage, chiefly to Coalling Vessels; and that the enormous Sums already collected under the Denomination of Light Duties are a grievous and unnecessary Tax upon the Commerce and Navigation of these Kingdoms: And therefore praying, if it shall appear reasonable to the House, to impose, at this Time, a new Tax upon Shipping, for the Support of the fiijd intended Light House, when completed, that no Ships or Vessels bound to, or going from this Port to, any Part of Ireland, Africa, or America, may be chargeable with the Duties to be imposed for the Maintenance thereof, that such Duties may be reasonable, and payable only whilll the said Lights are well and conflaritly kept up, and that the said Duties may not be made perpetual, but totally cease, in case the intended Building should be dellroyed or rendered useless as a Light House.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time -3

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas } 7'-

Teller, for . j M-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. James, Mr. Totonfield,&c.: And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Merchants, Mariners, and Tradesmen, of the Port of whose

-Names are subscribed, which was this Day presented to the House, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants, Venturers, of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, which was presented to the House upon the 2d Day of this Instant March, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Call of the Ordered, That the Call of the IJoufe be further ad-Honfe. joumed till this Day Sevennight.

21

Martii. A. 1778.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- Importation

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of House, to consider of permitting the Importation of TobacCl)* Tobacco, being the Growth and Product of any of His Majesty’s West Indih Islands, into Great Britain.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Way*

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the *n<* Me4M‘ whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply, Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 24 die Martii;

Anno 18° Georgii III1" Regis, 1778.

PrAYIRS.

H E Lord Ongley reported from the Committee, Little to whom the Bill for confirming a Division and Inclosure of the Common Fields, Common Meadows, ncou and Common Pastures, within the Parish of Little Ber/fotd, in the County of Bedford, and certain Exchanges of Lands and Estates within the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he re^d the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered tlje Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table;

Where the Amendment was Twice read; aijd, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the IJoufe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Mr. Kniglitleyreported from the Committee, to Barfcr

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Bar by, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th o 1774,

relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, w'ere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Kniglitley presented to the House, according to vVootton Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Inclosure. the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures,

Common

X

Preftrvition

of

Game

in

Scotland.

Napton

Inclosure.

Glouce^er

and

Tewkcfhury

Road*

Gin (barn Inc lo fare.

London; Halliwell and Finsbury Sewers.

18 Geo. III. a±° Mariii. £> 51

Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Wootton, in the County of Northampton: And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill to restrain Apprentices, Trades-men, and other unqualified Persons, from destroying the Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.-, and for granting to Proprietors of Land in Scotland further Powers with regard to killing of Game, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for restraining unqualified Persons from destroying or killing Game, and for granting to Proprietors of Land further Powers with respect to the fame, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That Sir Archibald Edmonstone do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish and Liberties of Napton upon the Hill, in the County of IVanvick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish and Liberties of Napton upon the Hill, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Holte do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the City of Gloucester, towards Cheltenham and Tewkin the County of G lour tiler, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Hoads leading from the City of Gloucester, towards Cheltenham and Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Batrow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons or Waste Grounds, called Glus-bum Moor, within the Manor of in the Parish

of KiUlwick, in the West Riding of the County of York,

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons or Waste Grounds, called Glu/bum Moor, within the Manor of Glujburn, in the Parish of Kildwick, in the West Riding of the County of

York.

Ordered, That Mr. Winchcombe Hartley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Alderman Oliver reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making proper Drains and Sewers, for the Purpose of carrying off the Water from the Prebendal Kltate of HalUioelland in the

Suburbs of the City of Loiuton, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in Y\ii,. 36.

his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, qpon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir William Middleton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-firit Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of so far

as the same relates to the Road from Wakefield to Sheffield; and also One other Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and rendering more effectual the said Act, was committed; That the Committee had examined t{ie Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report ki his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir William Middleton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Trustees, acting under and by virtue of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Road leading from a Part of the Road " (directed to be repaired by an Act, passed in the " then last Session of Parliament, from Carlisle to Newcastle u]x>n Tyne) near Glemvhclt, to another Part " of the said Road (so making from Carlisle to Newcastle) upon Shildon Common, in the County of Northumberland," and of several of the Creditors who

have advanced Money on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act granted, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

William Hunter, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Trustees have put the said Act in execution; and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money, which has been applied according to the Directions of the said Act: That the Sum of £. 2,300 is now owing upon the Credit thereof; which Money cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads be kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act is further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Part of the Road (directed to be repaired by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, from Car-lijlc to Newcastle upon Tyne) near to ano-

ther Part of the Road (so making from Carlisle to Newcastle) upon Shildon Common, in the County of

Northumberland;

Lteit

and

Sheffield

Road.

Glcnwhell*

Road.

Summer Rods Bar Road.

Reading

to

Safingstoke

Roads.

Hampstead

Norreys

Inclosure.

852 24° Martn. 1778.

Northumberland; and Tor making more effectual Provision for the Repair of the said Road: And that Sir William Middleton and Lord Algernon Percy do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir William Middleton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the Counties of Northumberland and Cumberland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the lionfe, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterw ards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, William Hunter, Esquire, being examined, said. That he knows the Road leading from Summer Rods Bar, near the Town of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, to Alflon, in the County of Cumberland: That

it is a common High Road from Hexham aforesaid: That the said Road is, in many Places, narrow and humous; and the same canaot be kept in proper Repair, or widened, by the Laws now in being.

And he added, That altering the Line of the said Road to a little Degree in One or Two Places, will render the same of more general Utility to the Public, and greatly facilitate the Communication and Traffic between the said Towns.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering, repairing, and widening, the Road from Summer Rod» Bar, near the Town of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Alston, in the County of Cumberland: And that Sir William Middleton and Lord Algernon Percy do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Annejleyreported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Arts, pafi’ed in the Fourth Year of King George the First, and the Ninth and Thirtieth Years of King the Second, for repairing the Highways from Corner in the Town of Reading, leading by and through the several Parishes of Skinfieland ,in the

several Counties of Berks, Wilts, and Southampton, to Basingstoke, in the said County of Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the Floufe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question federally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Annejley reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for confirming, establishing, and making effectual, certain Articles of Agreement, made and entered into, for ineloling and dividing the several Commons called Ealing Common, Ealing Green, and Cook's Hill, In the Parish of HampjleadNorreys, in the County of

Berks; and for exchanging certain Lands in the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the Huafo, of the 25th of April 17-74, relative to Bills of Indol’iir , had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Alderman Haijley reported from the Committee, Whitechapel to whom the Petition of several Inhabitants of White- *>avint chapel Road Side, in the County of and

others, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Robinson, being examined, said. It would he a

great Convenience, if Provision was made for extending the Provisions of the Bill now depending for paving the Foot Paths of the said Road Side, as far as the Turnpike in the said Road, and also to the several Streets,

Lanes, Roads, and Railages opening into or upon the said Foot Paths.

Ordered, That it be an Infirurtion to the Committee, to whom the Bill for paving Parts of the Foot Paths on the Sides of the Great Road, in the Parish of Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Obflrurtions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, and near thereto, is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, to extend the Previlions thereof as far as the Turnpike in the said Road, and to the several Streets, Lanes,

Roads, and Patfages, opening into or upon the said Foot Paths.

Mr. Alderman Hayley reported from the Committee, Dirty Law, to whom the Petition of several Owners and Occupiers in of Houses and Estates in an Avenue called Dirty , Whitechaptl, in the Parish of Saint Mary Whitech, in the County avlB^ of Middlesex; and also the Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Estates, in the East Side of Petticoat Lane, Wentworth Street, and the several Streets and Places from Petticoat Lane aforesaid to Bakers Row inclusive, situate in the Parishes of Mary Whitechapel and Saint DStepney, in the County of Middlesex, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and lie rbad the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. John RobinJ'on, being examined, said, It would be of great Utility, if Provision was made in the Bill depending to widen the Lane called Lane,

in the said Parish, for removing Obflrurtions and Annoyances from the said Lane, and preventing the like for the future, and for otherwise regulating the fame.

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, Mr. John Robinson, being examined, said, It is necessary that the Provisions of the said Bill relating to paving, removing Nuisances and Annoyances, and otherwise regulating the lame, should be extended to the Fall Side of Petticoat Lane, to Wentworth Street, and the several Streets and Places from Petticoat Lane to Baker's Row, inclusive, and to the

several

<S"

NMiBL.

Biilinghay

Drainage.

Ditto.

18 Geo. III. 24° Mart it. 853

several Street*, Lanes, and Passages opening into; the same respectively.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction.to the Committee, to whom the Bill for widening, paving, and improving, Dirty Lane, and Part of Lane, lead-

ing from Whitechapel to Spit in the County of Middlesex, is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for. removing-Ob- structions and Annoyances from Lane, and: pre-:

venting the like for, the future, and for otherwise regu-v lating the fame; and for extending the Provision of the Bill relating to Paving, removing Nuisances and Annoyances, and otherwise regulating the said Lane, to the Eastern ^>ide of Petticoat Lane, to Wentworth Street, and the several Streets and Places ;from Petti-, coat Lane to Bakers Roto inclusive, and to the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages, opening into the same respeii i vely.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented, to the House, apd: read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are General Commissioners appointed for putting in execution an. Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain " Low Ixinds, called The Fens, lying on both Sides of " the River Witham, in the County of and for restoring and maintaining the Navigation of the " said River, from the High , in the City of

" Lincoln, through the Borough of , to the Sea," or Proprietors of several of the Low Lands and Fens described in the said Act, and very much interested in the Drainage thereof by the said River; and that the Petitioners observe a Bill is depending in the House, for authorizing the Commissioners, appointed by an Act oftlic last Session of Parliament, for Draining and improving Lands and Grounds in the ParHli of linghay, in the County of Lincoln, to raise and complete certain Banks and Works, which are now under the Jurisdiction of the General Commissioners for draining Lands on both Sides the River William, and for re-imbursing the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds, all such Money as shall be expended therein, rot exceeding a Sum to be limited; and that, if the said Bill iliould pals into a Law, the same will, be very detrimental, as well to the Interest of the Petitioners as of all the Creditors who have advanced considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Taxes arising by virtue of the said Act: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole. Names are thereunto lubfcnbed, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill, and Setting forth. That the Petitioners are Creditors for several Sums of Money advanced upon the Credit of different Taxes, act’effedand raised upon the Low Lands and Fens described in the Act mentioned in the pre-, ceding Petition; and that, if the said Bill Iliould pass into a Law, the same will be \ ery detrimental, as well to the Interest of the Petitioners as of several of the Proprietors and Occupiers of the several Low Lands and Fens, interested in the Drainage thereof by the said. River: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lit- upon the Table, until the Report, whjeh. was made from the Committee to w hom the said Bill was committed, betaken into further' Coninleration ;. and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think ftt. Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

You 30.

Sir William Codrington reported frbrn the Committee,

to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act* passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Chippenham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Togg Hill, in the County of Gloucester; and from Chippenham Bridge aforesaid, to the Top of Old Sod-, bury Hill, in the said County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the BiH, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, apd made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Seqond Tjme, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

/ '

Sir Cecil Wray reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of KerfaU, in the Parish of Kneefall, and County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25 th of, April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned bad given their Con* sent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Ta-» ble: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields and Commons, within the Manor of in the Parishes of Bolsover and Clown, in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Sac.: And they are to meet thia Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Charles Townshend reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury to enfranchise and grant a small Parcel of Glebe and Waste Land, belonging to the Manor of Lambeth, irf the County of Surreyand also to enable the Rector of the Parish of Saint Mary, Lambeth, or his Successors, to build a Parsonage House on Part of the said Glebe and Waste Land, and to grant Building Leases of other Parts thereof; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had giwn their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pa ft.

19 H Ordered,

V

Chippenham

Bridge

Roads.

K-rfall

Inclosure.

lfjiIoicrT

Lambeth

Manor*

4

854 24° Marki. - 17781

Coatc

Ii>closure.

Dover

Streets.

Lord

Bingley’*

Will.

lees of Stewards of Copyhold Manors.

Militia

Returns.

Ordered, Thht'MV! Charles Tozonjhend&a carry the Bill to tile Lords; and acquaint them; that this House hath agreed!to the fame,-without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open Common Fields, CommorfMea- . dows‘, Common PaftuYes, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Manor and Tything of Coate, in the Parish of Bishops Cannings, ihthe Corihty of Wilts, was readtheThiril'Time.

R'cJblved', Tb&t' the Bill dopafs: And that the Title

bri, An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, tho Open Common Fields, Common Meri-doivs^ Common' PaRtires, Waste Lands, and' Commdnable Places, within the MianOr and1 Tyshing of Coate, in the Parish of Bijkops Comings, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Goddard do carry the: Bin to the Lords, and desire' their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Mhy or. Jurats, arid Commonalty, of the Town and Port of Dover, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read ;, taking Notice of the' Bill for better paving and cleaning the Streets arid I^ahOs within the Town of Dover, in the County of Kent, arid in the several Parifires of Saint Mary the Virgin, a\\A Saint Jaynes irishri

laid Town attd Corinty; and for removing arid-preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; rihd'Sritting forth/That it would ednduriri vely nmfch to Benefit,

Convenience, and Safety, of the Petitioners, and of all Persons' resorting to the said Town, arid travelling tfirough the fame, if the Streets, Lanes, and Other Places; within the said T’oWri, AvOre properly'lighted arid' watched: Arid therefore praying, That the Conririittee, to WhonS the said Bill is committed, mriy b£ inftrnfted to receive Orie of niofe Clause or Clanfes, for the properly lighting and watching the said Streets and Lanes within the Town of Dover, arid thte said Parishes of Saint Maty the Virgin and Saint James the iu

the foid Town arid County of Kent.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Coinmiftee: And that tfjey do examine the Matter thereof; and rep'drt the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the Horise:

And it is referred to Mr. Sir- Charles

Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber , and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill from llie ilords, intituled, An Act for exemplifying or inrolling the Will of George late Lord Bingley, deceased, and inaking such Exemplification, or attested Copies of the Inrolment thereof, Evidence, as well in Ireland as in Great Britain, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tiiriri.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a; Bill for regulating and ascertaining Fees to bri taken by Stewards of Copyhold Manors: And that Sir Edxvard Ajlley, Sir Cecil Wray, Mr. of Norfolk, and Mr.

Milles, do prepare, and.bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. Gray, one of the Deputy Auditors of the Court of Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of such Counties Which did not raise

their Militia, at any Time since the passing of the Militia Act (2d Get). 3d.) with what Sums of Money are due to the Public for the fame, within the Division of Henry-SheUyand MichaelSergifon, Esquires, Auditors of the Counties of Chtsler, Derby, Lincoln, and Not-

tingham f and also an Account of what Sums of Mo-

17

ney have been paid for not raising the Militia in the*

County of Nottingham: And also,

A Return of such Counties as have not raised their Militia, with an Account of What Sums of Money are due for each respective County, within the Department' of Jaiiies West, Esquire, one of the Auditors of the Couth of Exchequer; and also an Account of such Countfes Which did not raise their Militia at any Time fined thepaffing of the Militia Act (2d Geo. 3d); with* what Sums are due to the Priblic for the fame.

Attd’then he withdrew.

Arid the Titles of the said Accbtmfr and Return wCrriread. :r> !

Ordered, That the find Account'and Return do lie

aforithe Table, to be petufed by the Members of the oute.;

The said: Account' and' Return- are preferVed amongst the other Papers of this Section.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House London; to resolve itfolf info* a'Committee of the whole House, to confidet Of the Report 'which was made from the °rca;nn^ ComVriittee td whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, 'new sheets. Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Coriirrton Council afleriibled, and also the Petition of several of the principal' Inhabitants of the Phrifli of’

Clirijt Church, in the Comity dt Middlesex, were fev^ally referred; be now read,

' And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Oliver1 took the Chair of the Com-riiittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Oliver reported ftom the Committee,1 That they had come tO several Resolutions; which they haJd directed hrm to report. When the House will pieafC to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow^ Morning.

Mr. Herbert reported from the Committee, to whom Farringdon, the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth,

Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Farringdon, in the County of Berks, to the Town of Cricklade, and from thence to the Town of Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts, and the Road from thence to join the Turnpike Road at ABon Turville, in the County of cefier; and also the Road from Tetbury, in the said County, through Malmesburyaforesaid, to Chippenham

Bridge i and also from Sher/lone, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Tetbury to Band for granting further Powers for amending those Roads; and for . amending the Road from a Place near.

Bottom, in the Cirericester and Tetbury Turnpike Road,

through Crudwell, and other Parishes; to The High

Cross in Malmesbury aforesaid, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed in and by an Act of Parliament passed in the Eighth-Year of His prefeUt Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " continuing the Terms of several Acts, made in the " Thirteenth Yeqr of King George the First, and in the,

" Seventeenth and Thirty-second Years of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from and " through Chippenham, and from Chippenham Bridge,

"in the County of Wilts, and for amending the said " Acts, and reducing them into One Act of Parliarrient," was referred; That the Committee had eon-fidered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

j8-€»£fo. III. 24^4$* Martii. 855

the- Amendment^ were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, Oua by OnC; and, upon. thet Qaeftton severally put thereupon, Que of tlifem.Was difagrfeed to, and the.rest were agreed to, by. the Hoofe.

A Clause wat» offered to be added to the BrN, de.-? daring, That the FurringBriftj-ift of Roadlhall be

lirft re paired.

And the said Clause was Twice' read; doth a Blahk; which being filled of, the said Clause was, upon ithe Qkiefoon put therewpau, agreed1 to by the Houfty to . be made Putt of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made; by the House, to; the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with thfe Amendments, be

iugroflM.

» 1 *

Snprir Bin; Ordered! That Sw Gtvy Cooper- db 'make the Report

LofSfy, 4c. from.thfe Committee of the whole House, to wfcpfo tho Bill for railing- a certain Sum1 of Money by Wayof Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery, was committed.

Sir &rey Cooper accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill* and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in Jiw Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with (he Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said BUI, as for as Clause (l>), being severally read Second Time; were, upon the Question federally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause (D), the next Amendment made by the Com- inittee to the said Bill, being read a Second Timfe;

And tbfe Question being put, That, the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

Tire Noes went forth.

in the: County of> Southampton, was read a Second

Time.

Refolded? That the Bill beew*»mitted to Mr. iluffey,

Mr; Tawnjkend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Refdtved, That this House will. Upon Friday Mom- Importation ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the wholer Corn* House, upon the Bill for allowing Com, Grain, and Floury imported into the Ports of , Sandwich, Chichester, and Chester, to be landed without

Payment of the Duties, under the like Restrictionaav Gortij Grain, and Flour, are allowed to he landed at the federal Ports mentioned in an Act, made in the Thirteenth' Year of the Reign of His present Majesty) intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and " Exportation of Corn."

The other Orders of the Day being read;

' Ref died, That this House will, Tomorrow Moril- JLaud Taxing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Paper, intituled, " An Account of what Arrears of Land Taxefc vfert handing out at " Michaelmas 1777, with the Names of the respective

? Receivers in whose Hands the' said Arrears remain,

" and what Proceedings have been had to compel the " Payment thereof."

Ordered, That the Bill to repeal an Act, passed irt Kirton the last Session of Parliament, for the Recovery of SmtU Debt*4 Small Debts within the several Parishes of Surfeet,

Gosberton, 2uadring, Dmnington, Ritker, Swineshead

W igtoft, Sutterton, Algarkirke, Fosdyke, Kitton, Frainp* ton, Wiberton, and Rrothcrtoft, within the Jiundred of

Kir ton, and County of Lincoln, be read a Second Timd upon Tuesday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Ten„s for, heY^.{^;~- } ,3.

} 43.

So it passed in the Negative.-

The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a Secpnd Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That thfe Bill, with the Amendments; be

- ingrossed.

Surl'ing The Order of the Day being read, for the Second

Highway*. Reading of the Bill for repairing the Highways ahcl Bridges in the County of Stirling ’;

Ordered, That the said Bilk be now read a Second Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of the Uiidfersubscribers, Freehold-. ers, J.ufr-ices of Peace, Commissioners of Supply, and He-

retors, in the County of Stirling, and Burgesses add Inhabitants of the Burgh of Stirling, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard; and examined several Witnesses in Support of the fjxid petition, and went through their Evidence.

And the Counsel for the Bill were also heard;

Aud then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to mdthdrnw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

*, Residved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dundas, Sir Archibald T.dmonfhmc, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the'Speaker’s Chamber.

GratleT A Bill for dividing and allotting certain Open and

ncioiurt Common Fields, in the Manor and PariHr of . Vot. 30.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Ten of the Clock. ‘x

MerCurii, if die Martii %

Anno 18* Georgii IIP* Regis, 1778.

Prayers.

QI R John HyndeCotton reported from the Committee, ife ef Ely to Whom the Bill for the morC easy and speedy Ke- Small Debti. covety of Small Debts within The Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found thfe same to be true j and that the Committee had gUtrfe through thfe Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, Which they had directed him to report to the House; and he rekd the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, Oua by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were'agreed to by the House.

Ordered; -That thfe Bill, with flite Amendments, be ingrafted. 1

An ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of-ah1 Act, made in the Thirty-foil' Yedr of thfe Reign and of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Leeds Sheffield to Sheffield, in the fiounty of York, so ft if as tl»e same *°*i' relaitfes to the Road from Wakefield to Sheffield; and also One.other Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and rendering<no¥fe effectual the said Act, was read the Third Tipie.

Rr/blved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an

.Act,

'w-

Sumner Rods Bar Road.

31enwh«lt

Road.

Spital fields to

Bishopsgate New street.

Account;

Wines

Imported,

856 . 2.5* Ma h

Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late1 Majesty, for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York, so far as the tame relates to the Road from Wake.field to Sheffield; and also One other Act, made in the First. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and rendering more effectual the said Act.

Ordered, That Sir George do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

1 1

Sir William Middleton presented to the House, aci cording to Order, a Bill for altering, repairing, and widening, the Road from Summer Rods Bar, near the Town of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, to

the Town of Aljldn, in the County of Cumberland: And

the same was received; and read the First’Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read aSecond Time'.

Sir William Middleton presented to the House, according to Order,- a? Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Tfventy-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty. J£io g'George the Second, for repairing and widening the

Road'leading from a Part of the Road (directed to be repaired by an Act, passed in the last Session of Partial ment, from Carlisle to Newcastle upon Tyne) near Glen* zvhelt, to another. Part of the Rdad (so making from

Cdrli/let& Nerwcastle) upon Shildon Commofi, in the County of Northumberland, and for making moreeffec- tual Provision for the Repair of the said Road: And the same was received; and read the FirlLTimd.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a SeconaTime.

Mr. Alderman Oliver, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the Whole House, to whom it Was referreiLto coplider of the Report which was made from, the Cwnmittee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, and also the Petition of several of the -principal Inhabitants of the Parish of Chriji Church, in the County of were feve-

rally referred, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him tareport to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, ITiat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon the Credit of the Surplufes of the several Funds, created by an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of the late King William and Queen Maiy, for the Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London, and which, by Two several Acts, made in the Twenty.first Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second and in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, were further continued and augmented, John Spillerand John Baker, Junior, Ef-

.quires, be authorized to borrow the Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, at an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Four Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Sum of Nine thousand Pounds,» be appropriated and applied for opening a commodious Street for Carriages, from Crispin Street, opposite the End of PaterNofier Roto, near Spitaffields Church, into

Bishopsgate Street, to meet the Opening intended by the said City of London to be made into the said last mentioned Street, from Chiswell Street.

The said Resolutions being severally read aSecond Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alderman Oliver, Mr. Byng, Mr. Tufnell, and Mr. Alderman Wilkes, do prepare,

and bring in, the lame.

The House being informed that Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended

at the Door; he Was raised in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Wines imported into that Part of Great Britain called from

Christmas 1764 to Christmas 1777,. inclusive; distinguishing each Year, and eftch Sort of Wine so-imported.

And then he withdrew. - < -

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. i- The said Account is preserved amongst the Other Papers of this Session.

! . *; /

The House was moved," 1 'hat the Order, made.’irpoo but-

Monday last, for Leave to bring in a Bill, upon the in Seventh apd Eighth of the Refoftttio&r, Which were then reported from the Committee of; the whole House, to -whom it was referred to consider of the Report Which" was made from the Committee,'to whdrft the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldennen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council alfembted, was referred, might be read. -d ..*

And the said Order being-read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That it be an Instructioa to the Committee, to whom the Bill for widening, paving; and improving.

Dirty Lane, and -Part of Brick Law; leading from Whitechapel to Spita(fields, in the County of is committed, that they have Power to make Pro* vifton in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolu* tious. r

A Bill for better paving and cleansing the Streets and' ©< :? Lanes within the Town of Dover, in the County of Stfccu* Kent, and in the several Parishes of Saint Mary the Virgin and Saint James the Apofile, in the said Town and County; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was read a Second Time:.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, to Mr.

worth, Sir Charles Whihcorth, &c.: And they are to meet "this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lord Brownloxo Bertie reported from the ConY Eoi'nsWkf’

mittee, to whom the Bill for the more epfy and speedy |maji pcb:. Recovery of Small Debts, within t he Sohke of - .

brooke and Wapentake of CaniBefioe, in the Parts of -Lindsey, in the County of Lincoln, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that -the Committee had gone through the Bill, arid made several,

Amendments thereunto-; which ihey had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments. were Once read throughoot ;,'aftd then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, b« ingrossed.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Tnlia* Kiron

bitants, within the Hundred oi in the Parts Suail of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, whose Nam^s are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the Recovery of Small Debts within the several Parishes of Surfleet, Gosberton,

dring, Donning ton, Bicker, Swineshead, Wigt of I, Sutter Ion, Algarkirke, Fosdyke, Kirton, Vrampton, and

Brothertoft, within the Hundred oi Kirton, in the County of Lincoln; and that the Petitioners have since been informed, that the Right honourable Brownlow Earl of

Exeter,

Y

Barby

Inclosure*

Firehead

*c.

Raids.

Shcpton

M.der,

Ac.

Roads.

Patncy

Inclosure.

Campbell’

Divorce.

18 Geo. III. 25* Martii.857

Exeter, Lord of the Soke of Kirton, ini the County of dissolve the Marriage of John Esquire,

Lincoln aforesaid, and his Ancestors, Lords-of the with his now Wife, and to enable

said Soke for the Time being, have respectively had, him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein

and been entitled to, a Court of Pleas, every Three mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence

.Weeks, or To often as was requisite, for the Recovery of this House.

of Debts or Damages under Forty Shillings, in all Per- And then the Messenger* withdrew.

.fonal Actions arising within the several Parishes mentioned in the said Act, as Parcel of the Soke of Kirton A Bill for dividing and ineloGng the Open and Com- Rouflench aforesaid; and that the said Act has unnecessarily, and mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paftufes, jIo^ncj1 without any public Utility, taken away the Juristliftion Common Ground, and Waste Grounds, within the loclofuit.

of the said Court, and has also been attended with mahy Manors or Lordships of Roujlench and Radford, in the

I lardili ips and Inconveniences to divers Persons residing Ptrhh of Roujlench, and in the Manor or Lordship of

within the said several Parities therein mentioned; and Hoblench, otherwise in the Parish of

the Petitioners^re informed, that a Bill is now depend- bury, in the County of Wortefier, Was read a Second

ing in the House for the Repeal of the said Act; and Time,

the Petitioners apprehend, if the said Act was repealed, Rejoiced, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ly-and the said Court of Pleas restored, it would be of gw, Mr. &c.: And they are to meet this

great Utility to the several Persons redding within the Afternoon, at FiVe of the Clock, in the Speakers said several Parishes: And therefore praying. That the Chamber, laid Bill for the Repeal of the said Act, may be passed

into a Law. An mgrdfifed Bill for the better Relief and Pmploy* stow

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the ment of the Poor within the Hundred Of Slate, in the Poor.

Table, until the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the County of was read the Third Time,

iaft Session of Parliament, for the Recovery of Small Rq That the Bill do pah: And that the Debts within the several Parishes of Surfed, Go/berton, Title be, An Act for the better Relief and fiftiploy-

Quadring, Donning ton, Ricker, Swinejkcad, Wigtoft, Sut- ment of the Poor within the Hundred of Stew, in the

terton, Algarkirke, Fosdyke, Kirton, Frampton, Wibet- County of

ton, and Brothertoft ,within the Hundred of Kirton, Ordered, That Sir Charles Bunbfpy do carry the Bill.

and County of Lincoln, be read a Second Time. to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open An ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Sum of Mb- Supply Bill and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common itey by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lot- Loiter/, &c Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, tery. Was read the Third Time, of and within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Barby, in the County of Northampton, was read the Bill, by way of Ryder, for enabling the Omimissioners Third Time. of the Treasury to establish an Office,*n which all

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Tickets to be sold in Shares shall be first deposited.

be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and And th6 said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks;

Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, which being filled up, the said Clause was read the and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and Third Time; and, upon the Qudftion put thereupon, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Barby, in agreed to by the I^ouse, to be made Part of the Bill, the County of Northampton. by way of Ryder.

Ordered, That Mr. Kinghtley do carry the Bill to Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. the Biff, by way^of Ryder, declaring, that the Officer

shall llamp each Ticket deposited in the said Office.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Halford and And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Mr. Leeds .* Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to

Mr. Speaker, be made Part of the Bril, by way ot Ryder.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to Act for continuing the Term and altering and en- the Bill, by way of Ryder, declaring, that the Tickets larging the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty- so deposited shall remain in the Office a certain Time sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repair- after they are drawn.

ing, amending, and widening, the several Roads lead- And the said Clause was Tw ice redd, with Blanks; ing from The Red Pofi, in the Parish of Fivehead, which being filled, up, the said Clause was read the through the Towns of Langport and Somerton, to Bat- Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, toell; and also from Curry Rivell to Puckrngton Lane, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill,

and from Cary Bridge to Street Crops, in the County of by way of Ryder.

Somerset; and for amending, widening, and keeping Another ingrossed Clause was offered to he added to in Repair, several other Roads adjoining thereto; with- the Bill, by way of Ryder, declaring, that Books shall out any Amendment: And aMo, be-kept in the said Office for registering ferch "tickets,

The Lords have agreed to the Biff, intituled, An to be inspected by any Persons applying.

Act for continuing the Term and altering and en- And the said Clause was Twice read, with tr Blank; larging the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty- which being filled up, the said Clause was read the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repair- Third Time; and, upon the Questiontrut thereupon, ing and widening the Roads therein mentioned, leading agreed to by the House, to be made Part of tile Bill, to and from the Towns of Sheplon Malet and loelekefier, by way of Ryder.

in the County of Semerfet, so far as the same relates to Another ingrossed Clause was offered to bfe added to

the Roads therein called the Ivekkefer Turnpike Boads}the Biff, by way of Ryder, declaring, that on depoftting without any Amendment: And also, the Ticket in the Office to be appointed for that Ptfr-

The Lords hare agreed to the Biff, intitufedy An pose, the Person depoftting the same shall pay to the Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Seve- Officer or Officers a $Urrt of Money for every Share ralty, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, into which such Ticket fftkff be divided.

Common Pastures; Waste Lands, and Commonable And the said Clause was brought up, and read Places, within the Parish of Patney, irt the County of Twice, with a Blank. s Wilts s without any Amendment: And also, Resolved, That the said Clause Be committed to a

The Lords hare passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Committee of the Whole Hotlfe. -Voi. 36. v - 101 Resolved,

t;

8%Go ogle

s

8c8 25 0 Matiiu 1778.

Resolved, That this House tvill> immediately* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Grey Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Grey Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause; and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Grey Cooper accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the said Clause; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Queliion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for laying a Penalty ion Persons exposing Shares to Sale, without being stamped.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause vvfts read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder. "

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, Ihy way of Ryder, for punishing Persons forging-such damped Shares of Tickets.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; ami, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made.Part of the B£ll, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass And that the Title ' be. An Act for raising a certain^um of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper d§ carry the Bi 1 to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

London; . A Petition of several Commissioners of Sewers within Halliwell. the Tower Hamlets, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of (fewcnT for mabing proper Drains and Sewers for the

Purpose of carrying off the Water from the Prebendal . Estate of Halliwell and in the Suburbs of the

City of London, and for other Purposes therein men- . tioned; and Setting forth. That the Provisions of the said Bill interfere with, and will be prejudicial to, the.. Sewers and Drains under the Care of the Petitioners;

‘ and that several other Parts of the said Bill are likewise very improper to be inserted therein: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, or . Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may ' not pass into a Law, as it now stands.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Ta- . , ble, until the said Bill be read the Third Time; and.

that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or.

' Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if. ' they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at, the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the > laid Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time . upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 2d Day of April next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Tower Mr. Alderman Sawbridge reported from the Com-HamJet* , mittee, to whom- the Petition of the Commissioners of gmali Debts, the' Court of Request for the Tower Hamids, and of

sundry Other Inhabitants of the said Hamlets, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Mutter of the fanl Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House ;*and he read < the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is 'as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of his late Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of ftnall Debts within the Toiver Hamids, was read. And,

Mr. John Duplex, being examined, said, That the Commissioners appointed by virtue of the said Act have, ever since the Commencement of t lie said Act, determined upon Debts for Rent under Forty Shillings; but that the Court of King’s Bench having lately determined that the present Act giwes no Power to proceed in Cafes of Debt for Rent, the Commissioners have since declined taking Cognizance of lech Debts, to the very great Prejudice of the Inhabitants in general.

Mr. Thomas Dykes, being examined, said, That great Inconveniences have arisen from the present Method of enforcing Appearances, w here the Parties omit to attend upon Summonses; and the Act has been found defective in some other Respects.

And the Witness further said, That the present Court House, for transacting the Bufir.els of the Court, is held at the Will of the Landlord, and is very incommodious; and that the late Act hath made no Provision for building Court Houses and Offices.

That the present Clerks are willing to raise a competent Sum upon the Credit of their Fees, lor the above Purposes, with the Assistance only of the following Increase of Fees; viz.

Upon, every Summons, which is now only gd. the additional Sum of id.; and upon every Hearing, which is now only 3d. the further Sum of id. And the Witness said. That, w'ith the above Increase, the Fees of this Court w ill still lie lower than the Fees of any other Court of the like Sort in or near the Cities of London and

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign Of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of linall " Debts within the Tower Hamlets:"And that Mr. Al- .

derman Saiobridge and Mr. Alderman Bull dp prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Comnv-w Thursdaylaft, for the House to resolve itself into a oa l'£ Committee of the whole House, upon that Day Seven-night, to consider further of the State of tlip Nation, might be read.

And the said Order being read apcordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House SupMy. to resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, ' to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of Extraordinary Services incurred, and paid by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, between the 31st of January 1777 and the ill of February 1778, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of the new Roads of Communication, and building the

Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, pursuant

19 , to

of e

r8 Geo. III.

250 — 26°

859

to the Orders of his Grace the Duke of Argyll, for the Year 1778, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of several Augmentations to His Majesty’s Forces, from the respective Times within mentioned to the 24th December 1778, inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House refdJved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gascoyne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gascoyne reported from the Committee, That

Jovis, 26* die Martii}

Anno 18* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1778. Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr.

from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bdr; pre* fented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantities of all East India,

Accounts £aft India Goods, &c;

Account;

Tmufporu.

they had come to several Resolutions; which they had Goods imported and re-exported (Tea exCepted) from ~ " ’ 1776, which is&s far as the

fame can be made up; together with the Gross Produce of the Customs upon the fame, distinguishitrg each Article and each Year; and ditiinguishing tlte Quantities of each Article re-exported to America and to Africa: And also.

An Account (being the Estimate) of the Grdfs and Net Produce of the Customs for the Year 1777/ in Gross Totals, as nearly as the same can be made out* And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Accounts are preserve^ amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Re-importation1

of

Tobacco*

directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morn in".

Mr. Gascoyne also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- . ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Earl of Lijbume, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account, containing the Particulars of all Charges for taking up Transports, and Payment of Freights by Commission, for His Majesty’s Service, from the lft January 1774 to the 3d March 1778, inclusive; distinguishing each Year.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for allowing the Re-importation of unmanu-fastured Tobacco from Foreign Parts, although the same may have been fold Abroad, and the Importation of Tobacco, the Growth and Product of the Island of Dominica, under certain Regulations and Restrictions, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Ways and Means.

fitoucdlef and rwkefl Roads*

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. tiolford and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers ^of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Tcr^js<117 George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the City of Gloaccfier,' towards Cheltenham and Tewkejbuiy, in the County of

without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have. agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Tacolneftoa Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- #ut*" mons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of TacoU neston, in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common ur*‘ Fields, and all other Commonable Lands, in the Manor

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee and Hamlet of Cow Honeybom, otherwise Chapel -

of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Paper, intituled, " An Account " of what Arrears of Land Taxes were (landing out " at Michaelmas 1777, with the Names of the respective Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears remain, and what Proceedings have been had to compel " the Payment thereof."

Hacktbomc

Indofu'e.

born, in the County of Gloncejlers without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Heath, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Hackthome, in the County of Lincoln j without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing,1 allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Grounds, Called Moqp,

within the Manor of Glujburn, in the Parish of Kild-wick, in the West Riding of the County of York;with*

out any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to theg Bill, intituled, An Supply Sill Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Lottery, Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery; without any Amendment; And also.

Glufburri

Incioiiire*

The Lords havle passed a Bill, intituled, An Act And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow for naturalizing Pierre Theodore de Bruges; to which Morning, Ten of the Clock. the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That all have Voices who tome to the

Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge across the River Tawey, at or near a Place called Morris's Wear, in the Parish of Llangevelach, to the

opposite

Vol. 36. '

De Bniget’t Nat,

Yaw tf Bridge*

Doningtan High Bridge Roads.

Ollerton

Iftdffuj*.

Insolvoot

Tyne

Bridge

at

Hexhaifc*

Leckhampton

inclosure.

Fustock’s

Estate.

S6o a 6° Mar Hi, 1778.

opposite Shore, in the Parity of in the County of Glamorgan; for making proper Avenues or Hoads to and from the said Bridge; for rebuilding or repairing the old Bridge at Upper Forcjl, in the said Pari Hi of Iflanfamlctt; and also for repairing and widening the Road from Pentre Brook, near a Place called

Aberdwyberthy, to the said Bridge at Upper Forest, is committed.

Lord Brotonlow Bei'tie reported from the Committee,

to whom the BiH to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, of An Act for repairing and

tewidening the Roads from,

" to Hale Drove, and to the Eighth Mile Stone in the w Parish of Wigto/t, and to Langret , in the " County of Lincoln," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- ments theieunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a ' Second Time, One by Ope; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord Edward Bentinck presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waft* Grounds, within the Township of Ollerton, in the Parity of in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and reed the First Time.

RUolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill lor the Relief of Infedvent Debtors, and for the . Relief of Bankrupts in certain Cafes, was read a Second Time.

Uejblved, That the BUI be committed to Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Frederick Montagu, &c. And they are to ‘meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and all who come to the Committee are te have Voices.

Sir William Middleton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for building a Stone Bridge across the River Tyne, opposite the Town of Hexham, in the County of Northubrnhcrlmd, and for making propier Roads and- Avenues to and from the feme: And the same was received \ tmd read the First Time.

Rtfqlvtdo That the Bill fie read a Second T tme.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing tie-Open Compion Fields, Common Meadows and Failure, Waite (grounds, and other Commonable Lands, in the . Parity i Lwkhtm}&in, in the County of Glmoester, and . several final} Parcels of the said Helds which extend into the Parish of Cheltenham, in the feme County, was x^ad the Third Tlgw.

Refvlvfid, That the Bill dopafe: And that the Title be. An Act for dKkfotgaadmcfofing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows and Pasture, Waste Qroupds, apd Other ChromanableLands, m the P&rish of Ueckhampion, in the County of Gt&ueefier, and several small. Parcels of the said. Fields which extend into the Parish of Chettenkant, in the feme County.

Ordered, That Sir William Guise do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed, Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act, for vesting the settled. Eftafce of John- En-

quire, and Elizabeth his Wife, in the County of Che/ler, in Trustees, to be sold, for railing Money to discharge an Incumbrance thereon, and laying out the Surplus in the Purchaseof Lands and Hereditaments to be settled to the Uses limited of the said settled Estate, was read the First Time.

Refotved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. I Vkitwortkdo make the Report LandTu

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Coomiffio*n. Bill for appointing Commissioners to put in execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An " Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land " Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service " of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy- eight," together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, was committed.

Mr. Whitxoorth accordingly reported from the fold Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report m his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Campbell’s drflolvethe Marriage of John Hooke Cam Esquire, KvojC£-

with Elizabeth Eujlacia his now Wife/ and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That an Act, made'in the Scotland, last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for Ku')'00 " granting to His Majesty a Duty upon all Servants, SeM,an"'

" retained or employed in thefeveraf Capacities therein " mentioned; and for repealing several Rates and " Duties upon Glass, imposed by an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and for granting to His Majesty other Rates " and Duties upon Glass, iu lieu thereof, and for the " better collecting the Duties upon Glass; and for " repealing the several Rates and Duties charged by an Act, made in the Twenty-uinth Yedr of the Reign " of his said late Majesty, upon alt Persons and Bodies " Politic and Corporate; having certain Quantities of " Silver Plate," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectually levying of the Duty upon Servants, in that Part of Great Britain called 'Scotland:

And- that Sir Grey Qoopei' and Sir Whitworth do

prepare, and bring in, the fame

Ordered, Thai the Order of the Day, for taking Billing!.? into further Consideration the Report which was made Drainage, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for authorizing the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the lqit 'Session of Parliament, for draining and improving Landis and Grounds in the Parity of Bitting hay, in the County of Lincoln, to raise and complete' certain Banks and Works, which are now, under the Juris-distron of the General Commissioners for draining Lands on both-Sides-the River Withanl, and for reimbursing the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds all such Money as shall be expended therein, not exceeding a Sum to be limited, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That

Hitcham

Inclosure.

Fees of Stewards of Copyhold Manors.

Ofhees

and

naploy ment*.

Vhitfloble Oyster Pi lii cry.

Henley

upon

Tl^mei

Schools.

i8 Geo.HL 26° Marti86i

That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next;

It palied in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

And the House being informed that no Counsel attended;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, one of them was disagreed to, and the red were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next, if the said Bill fha.II be then ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and W;iste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of Hitcham, in the County of Buckingham.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Press 42. 1. 40. Leave out " and all Mines that " may hereafter be found in the " Waste hereby intended to be inclosed, making Satisfaction to " the Owners of Lands for Damages."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, tvas, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hopkins do carry the B'll to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Sir Edward AjUeij presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for regulating and ascertaining Fees to be taken by Stewards of Copyhold Manors: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Ofliccs and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be damped according to Law, or, having been {lamped, have been loll or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors: And that Mr. Whitworth and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Bill for more effectually securing the Oyller Fishery at Whiff in the County of Kent, be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

General Conway reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for uniting the Free Grammar School of James King of England^ within the Town of Henley

Vol. 36.

upon Thames, in the County of Oxford, with the Charity School founded in the same 1’own by Dame Elizabeth Reriarn, W idow, and for the better Regulation and Management of the said Endowments, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Comirtittee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Laws resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, upon relating

the Bill to explain and amend the Laws now in being Severs relating to Sewers;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 3d Day of April next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The I^ord North reported to the House, That their Answer Address of Monday lull (to return His Majesty the to humble Thanks of this House, for His most gracious Addreu. Message; and to express the just Sense we have of His Majesty’s Goodness, and of His paternal Care of His People, in providing every Means in His Power that may tend to their Defence; and in His Intention to call out and assemble the Militia, if it shall be found necessary for that Purpose) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graciously.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s interest is Kerfall concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the I°dofi»re. Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Ground, in the Township of Kerfall, in the Parish of Kneefall, and County of Nottingham; which Bill was, upon Tuesday last, reported from the Committee to whom the same had been committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according Supply B:fl; to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain on

Duties upon all inhabited Houses, within the Kingdom Houses. of Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Upon Monday Morning next.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Bill be printed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas J?*/ George Yonges

x eners for uic 1 eas, J Mr Powys

Tellers for the Noes JSir Grey Coop.

1 ellerslor tnelSoes, Mp S(jojm

So it passed in the Negative.

; An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Kerfall Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Inclosure. Grounds, in the Township of Kerfall, in the Parish of Kneefall, and County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

JoK Meadows,

Supply*

862 26° — 270 Martii. A. 1778.

Meadows, Pastures. Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Ker/'all, in the Parish of and

County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Lord Edward Bentinck do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gascoyne, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Four hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to Mr. Edioard Moore, as a final Compensation for his

Pains, Trouble, and Expence, during an Employment of Thirteen Years, in compiling a General Index to the Journals of the House of Commons.

Iiefolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds,' be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to the Reverend Mr. Forjler, as a final Compensation for his Pains, Trouble, and Expence, during an Employment of Eight Years, in compiling a General Index to the Journals of the House of Commons.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to pe paid to the Reverend Doctor Roger Flexman, as a final Compensation for his Pains, Trouble, and Expence, during an Employment of Nine Years, in compiling a General Index to the Journals of the House of Commons.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to Mr. Cunningham, in Part of his Payment, for his Pains, Trouble, and Expence, in compiling a General Index to the Journals of the House of Commons.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Four hundred Six thousand Nine hundred Twenty-three Pounds One Shilling and Four Pence and One Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred between the Thirty-first Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, and the First Day of February One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that a Sum, not exceeding Eighteen thousand Eight hundred Ninety-five Pounds Five Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of several Augmentations to His Majesty’s Forces, from their respective Commencements, to the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Nine hundred Ninety-eight Pounds Twelve Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon account of the Expences of the new Roads of Communication, and building Bridges in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight.

The Four first Resolutions of the Committea being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fifth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by adding at the End thereof these Words,

" Saving and excepting the Sum of £. 160,827,. which

" appears, by Sir Guy Carle ton's Accounts, laid before " this House, to have been expended for the carrying " on of a Savage War in a Manner contrary to the " Usage of civilized Nations, agaitift the English Coionics in North America; excepting also the Sum of

" £. 16,000, which appeal's to have been expended for " the same Purpose in the Southern Department of " Indians-, excepting also the Sum ofj£. "„oooo, which " hath been expended in carrying on a War of infur*

" gent Negroes against the Inhabitants of the Province of Virginia; and excepting whatever hath been " paid out of the said Extraordinaries, specified in " General Carleton's Correspondence (Pa. 104) for " One hundred Crosses, and Five Grole of Scalping " Knives, the said Expenditure being disgraceful to " Religion and Humanity."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there added;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas. j Mr*

I Mr. Fptoy:

T e t xt (Sir William Gord

Tellers for the Noes, j Mr RMn

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Land Ta to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Ar'a‘* to consider of the Paper, intituled, " An Account of " what Arrears of Land Taxes were Handing out at " Michaelmas 1777, with the Names of the respective <c Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears remain,

" and what Proceedings have been had to compel the " Payment thereof," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 27 0 die M

Anno 18* Georgii III1"1 Regis, 1778.

Prayers.

AM E S S A G E, by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s r„j Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several A* Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the im- " mediate Attendance of this 1 Iononrable House, in the Bl"* House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned,

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’* Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers; where a Commission under the Great Seal was read; giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Af-sent to the several public and private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy

Seal, 1

18 Geo. Ill*

27° Mdrtii, 863

Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Earl of Sandwich, named selfo in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Afient to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by way of Annuities3 and for establishing a Lottery:

An Act to explain an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual " preventing the Forging the Acceptance of Bills of u Exchange, or the Numbers, or principal Sums, of accountable Receipts for Notes, Bills, or other Securities for Payment of Money, or Warrants, or " Orders for Payment of Money, or Delivery of " Goods:"

An Act for the Payrtient of Costs to Parties, on Complaints determined before Justices of the Peace out of Sessions 3 for the Payment of the Charges of Constables, in certain Cafes and for the more effectual Payment of Charges to Witnesses and Prosecutors of any Larceny, or other Felony:

An Act for building an additional Gaol, and also a Prison and House of Correction, within the County of Cornwall-, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for the more effectually carrying into execution the Powers contained in Two several Acts of Parliament, the one made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for making a navigable Cut or Canal from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to or near Middleivich and Nant-toicli, in the County of Chester3 and the other made in the Seventeenth Year of His said Majesty’s Reign, for varying and enlarging the Powers of the said former Act:

An Act for further continuing the Duties granted by Three Acts, made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour oif Scarborough, in the County of York:

An Act for amending, widening, turning, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Whijtle,

in the Parish of Barwick, in the county of ,

to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of in

the County of Dorset3 and from the in the Town of Maiden Nact on, to a Stream of Water in the Parish of South Perroft, in the County of 5 and from a

Place called Furzmoor Gate, in the Parish of Broad Winfor, to Lyn ham’sWater, in the Parish of 3

and from Buglers Comer, in the Town of Beamivsler, to the Dorsetshire Inn, in the Parish of; and

from Upfydling EweLeaze, to the Town of Cerne Ab-

bas-, and from the Town of Frampton, to join the Weller 11 Turnpike Road near in the said

County of Dorset:

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East Side of Barnsley Common, in the County of York, to the Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White Crofs3 and also the Road from the Guide Pqfi in Barugh, to a Rivulet called Brook-, and from thence for Two hundred Yards over and beyond the same Rivulet or Brook, into the Township of Cawthorne, in the said County:

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty -sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Northallerton to the South Wall of the Church Yard

Vox.. 3b.

of the Town of Thirsk, and from the South East End of the Street called Finkell Street, in Thirsk aforesaid, to and through the Town of in the County of York, to a Place called Burton Stone, near the City of York-, and also the Road from Thirsk aforesaid, to Topclijje, in the North Riding of the County of York:

An Act for more effectually amending, widening* and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, in the County of 3 and for repealing Two Acts, one of the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty, and the other of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, relating to the said Roads3 and for amending, widening, and keeping iu Repair, several other Roads adjoining the reto:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, wi* dening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the East End of the Town of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, through Walton, to Broadioater; and from the Town of Ware, through Wattto the North End of the Town of Walkern, in the said County:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Gloucester to the Town of Stroud, in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from a Place called Friar Bacon’s Study, to Chilton Pond -, and from the Top of HinkfeyHill to Foxcombe Hill Gate, in the

Road leading to Farringdon, in the County of Berks: An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening, the several Roads leading from the Red Pojt, in the Parish of Five-head, through the Towns of Langport and , to But-

well; and also from Curry to Puckington

Lane, and from Cary Bridge, to Street Cross, in the County of Somerset-, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads adjoining the reto:

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Towns of Shepton Mallet and Icelchester, in the County of Somerset, so far as the same relates to the Roads therein called the Ivelchester Turnpike Roads:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the City of towards

Cheltenham and Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester:

An Act to enable the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury to enfranchise and grant a small Parcel of Glebe and Waste Land, belonging to the Manor of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey; and also to enable the Rector of the Parish of Saint Mart/, Lambeth, or his Successors, to build a Parsonage House on Part of the said Glebe and Waste Land, and to grant Building Leases of other Parts thereof 3 and for other the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting in the Right honourable Charles Harvard, Esquire, commonly called Charles Earl of Surrey, and his Heirs, the settled Estates of the said Earl, in the Counties of Cumberland, Westmorland, and Surrey, subject to certain Charges affecting the fame:

An Act for vesting the Timber and Wood growing upon the Estates of He my Browne, Esquire, in

the

Royal A flint to

Sill*

27® Martii. A. 1778.

the County of York, in Trustees, to sell the same, and apply the Money arising therefrom for making a Recompence to Sir Richard P his Father, for the Charges and Expences of making Buildings and Improvements upon the same Ellate; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for annexing a Portion of the Rectory, and of the Rectory Manor thereto belonging, of Huntspill, in the County of SomerJ'et, to the Office of Mailer of Baliol College, in Oxford:

An Act for establishing an Agreement, for discharging the Manor of Laughton, in the County of Leicester, and certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Laughton, from the Payment of Tythes, or any Modus or Rate for Tythe; and for veiling other Lands and Hereditaments in the Rector of the said Parish, and his Successors, as a Compensation for the said Tythes, and in lieu thereof:

An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open and Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Lands or Grounds, in the Tything of Ogbourn Saint Andrew, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Open Meadows, Common Pastures, and Common Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Heath, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of Harpvle, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, in the Lord-ffiip of Earl Shilton, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, and all other Commonable Lands, in the Tythings of and

Hay ley, in the Parish of Sapperton, in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Bray-brooke, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Meadows, Ings, Common Pastures, and Moors, within the Parishes of Thimbleby and Edlinglon, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for assigning certain Open and Inclosed Lands, and Rights of Common, within the Manor of Ripley, in the County of York, pursuant to an Agreement entered into between the Trustees of John -gilby, Esquire, a Minor, and Walter Vavafour, Esquire, Thomas Grimston, and Elizabeth and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the consolidated Parishes of Siddington Saint Peter and Siddington Mary, in the County of Gloucester; and for taking down the Rectory Church of Saint Mary, within the said Parishes:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Township and Liberties of Hardwicke, in the County of Buckingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, called Shuckburgh Fields, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish and Liberties of North Marston, in the County of Bucks:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common or Waste Ground, called North or Wood,

in the Parish of North Myms, in the County of Hertford:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying ill Severalty, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paftuics, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Paincy, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Tacol-necton, in the County of Noifulk:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Heath, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Hackthorne, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land, in the Manor and Hamlet of Cow Honcyborn, otiienvife Chapel Iloneybom, in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Grounds, called Moor, within the Manor of in the Parish

of Kildwick, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Mr. Barroiv reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing lb much of Two Acts passed in the First Year of Queen Elizabeth and Thirtieth Year of King Charles the Second, as relates to the Size of the Melhes of Nets, and to the Length of the Nets, to be used in the River Severn below Gloucester Bridge; and for better regulating the Filli-eries, and preferring the Spawn and Fry of Fish, in the said River, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing near the River Severn, in the Counties of Gloucester, and Salop-,

and also the Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the City of under their common Seal; and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the City of Bristol, and the Neighbourhood thereof! on behalf of themselves, and the other Inhabitants of the said City and Neighbourhood; and also the Petition of the Minister, Mayor, Burgesses, and other Inhabitants, of the ancient Market Town and Borough of Thornbury, in the County of G lone ester, 011 behalf of themselves and many others; and also the Petition of several Owners of Fisheries in the River Severn, below the Hook Crib, situate in the Parish of Fretheni, in the County of Gloucester, on behalf of themselves and many others alike circumstanced j and also the Petition of several Persons, Proprietors , of, and interested in, the Fillieries in the River Severn, below Gloucester Bridge, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, in Support of the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition (no Person appearing in Support of the Allegations of the Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth-mentioned Petitions) and had all'o examined a Witness in Support of the Allegations of the last mentioned Petition; and had, pursuant to the Instruction given them by the House, made Provision according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and had also examined Witnesses in favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One;

and.

Severn

Fishetit*

Rye

Harbour*

Isle of Ely final! Debta.

BUhop

of

Durham's

EUate.

Worfop’t

Marriage

Settlement.

Maid ford ' jUdofore.

Bond's

‘Eftat*

18 Geo. III. jyfartn. $$5

and, wpofi the Question severally put thereupon, ippje to granf

ag. eed to by the House. of Surrej,________ ....

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* l^e Resolved, 'That the* J Bill be committed to Mr. ingrossed. Ehoes, tytr. &c.: ’ An<F they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five' of the Cfotk, in the Speaker's Mr. Phelipsreported from the Coajmittee.jto wh^ Chamber. ‘ ‘ ' ' l" *"1

the Bill for further continuing so much of certamDuties

as have, by several Acts of Parliament, been granted Petition of James Wellington, on behalf of his Gratley and continued for repairing and maintaining the Har- Mother Elizabeth Wellington, JVidow; was preferited Inclosure. bours of Dover and Rye, as are applicable to com plot- to the IJoufe, anj read; taking Notice of the Bill for ing and keeping in Repair the said Harbour of Ryp,\n dividing and allotting certain Open and' Common the County of Sussex, was committed; That the Commit- Fields, in the Manor and (Parish of the

tee had examined the Allegations of the Rill, apd found County of Southampton-, an^T setting forth, That the the same to betrpe; and.thp.tthe Committee bad gone -Petitioner’s laid Mother is possessed of the said Manor, through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, and of a very considerable Share of the Lands to be di-which they bad directed hip to report to the 'House; yided; and $hat the said Bill does hot provide for free-and he read the Report in his Place; apd afterwards ing the Allotments from Tythe, which the Petitioners delivered the Bid, with the Amendment, in at the Mother apprehends to be very necessary to be done;

Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice and (he further apprehends, that the said Bill, as if now read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed Hands, will be very injurious to her Elfate: And thereto by the House. fore praying, on behalf of his said Mother, That he

Ordered, That the« Bill, ^with the Amendment, be may be heard, by himself or Counsel, against ‘ such

ingrossed. Pafts of the said Bill as may affect her, and that the fame may not pass into a Law as it now (lands.

An ingrossed Bill for the more, easy and speedy Re- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the covery of small Debts within the isle of Ely, in the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill County of Cambridge, was read the Third Time. is committed; and that the (Petitioner be heard, by

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon be, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of his Petition, if he thinks fit.

small Debts within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Ordered, That it be an Ioftrudion to the said Com-Cambridge. mittee, that they do admit Cyunfef to be heard, at

Ordered, That Sir John IInude Cotton do carry the the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, agaliilt the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. said Petition. '

JLeafes of their settled JE^tate, in the County

r wnc rpari a fiprnrin Tiinp ‘

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the several Yearly Rents and Copyhold Fines, payable to the Lord Bishop o and

his Successors, and issuing out of the several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Manor of in the East Ruling of the County of York, in Trustees, to be sold; and for enabling the said Lord Bishop of Durham, and his Successors, to.qnfranchifq the several Customary or Copyhold Messuages, Lands, and Tene- ( meats, within the said Manor; and for applying the Money arising from such Sale and Enfranchisement,. in the Manner therein mentioned, was read, a Second Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill bp committed to Sir shotpas t Clavering, Mr. Frederick Montagu, :/And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of Clqck, in the Speaker’s Chamber.*

An ingrossed. BiH from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Arthur. fVorfop, (heretofore called John Arthur) Esquire, to settle a Jointure upon any Woman or Women he may hereafter marry, on the Terms therein mentioned* was read p Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thopias Clavering, Mr. Frederick, Montagu, Sec.: An4 they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pallures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Grounds, of and within the Manor and Par if h of Maid ford, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time!

Resolved', That the Bill be committed to Mr. Powys, Mr. Knight ley. See.: And they are to riieet this Afternoon, pt Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Act A£fc to im power John Bondi Merchant, and Sarah his Wife, or the Survivor of them, during their respe&iye I^ves,

Vol. 36.

tAn ingrossed Bill for confirming a Division and Inclosure of'.the; Common. Fields, Common Me'iddlvs, and Common Pastures.within the Parish oiLittleB&k-surd, iii the County of Bedford, and certain Exchanges of Lands and Estates within the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be* An Act for confirming a Division ahdlnclosure of the Common Fields, Common Meadows, arid Comrfion FaHures, within the Parish the County of Bedford, and certain Exchanges' of Ldnds and pllates within the said Parish’. 'Jl , J r

Ordered, That the Ijord Ongley do carry the Bill to thie Lords, and desire their CoheurrencA

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectually levying 6( the Duty upon Servants, in that Part of called Scotland: And -the same ivas received; fend read

the pirflj Time. ..... " 1 '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

.Mr, Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to indemnify such'Pe'rforis as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices'ofthie Peace, or others, who have omitted to regiller or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time lirhited by Law; and for giving further Time for' those Purpoifes and to inderiCniiy Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations; and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been statnped, have been loft or millaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to-give-further Time to such Persons as have omitted to; make and file Affidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors: And the dune was received; and read the First Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole' House, ' ‘' lo* L Upon

Little

Btrkford

laclosure.

Scotland;

Duty oa Servants.

Office!

and

BmplayoMMs.

Re-impr>ftjrtba

of

Tobacco

866 270 — 3°° A. 1778.

upon the Bill for allowing the Re-importation of unmanufactured Tobacco from Foreign Parts, although the same may have been fold Abroad, and the Importation of Tobacco, the Growth and Product of the Island of Dominica, under certain Regulations and Restrictions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charles Townshend, took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charles Townshend reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Bolfterftone A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Com-Inclosure. mons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of

Jlone, in the Parish of E in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

Blake’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act- to Divorce, difiolve the Marriage of Sir Patrick Blake,. Baronet, with Dame Annabella Blake, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Importation The House, according to Order, resolved itself into of a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for

Com. allowing Corn, Grain, and Flour, imported into the

Ports of Portsmouth, Sandwich, and Chester,

to be landed without Payment of the Duties, under the like Restrictions as Corn, Grain, and Flour, are allowed to be landed at the several Ports mentioned in an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate " the Importation and Exportation of Corn."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him . to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill ip at the Clerk’s - Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Christ eftirch, A Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Middlef«u Year of King George the Second, more effectually to oor* enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Christ Church,

- in the County of Middlesex, to purchase, hire, or erect a Workhouse, for the employing and maintaining the Poor of the said Parish, and for the more effectual Support and Employment of the Poor therein; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dicken-son, Mr. Alderman Wilkes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

®??, Pton A Bill for better repairing, amending, and widening ftcT* the Roads leading from Brampton Bridge to Roads. ‘ 14

Bridge, and from Mortar PR Hill to Chain Bridge, in the County of Northampton; and also from Mortar Pit Hill and Brampton Bridge aforesaid, to the Town of Northampton; and for repealing several Acts, made in the Eighth Year of King George the First, and the Twelfth and Twenty-third Years of his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Powys, Mr. Knightley, 6cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to-His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

LuncBy 30° die Martii;

Anno 18* Georgii III*1 Regis, 1778. Prayers;

SIR Charles Hardy reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for impowering the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at 'Greenwich, in the County of Kent, to exchange certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments, belonging to them, in the Parishes of Alnwick, Embleton, and W>arkworth, in the County of Northumberland, for other Lands belonging to the most Noble Hugh Duke of Northumberland, in feme one or more of the Open Common Fields at Cor bridge, in the said County *, and to impower the said commissioners and Governors to grant Leases in manner therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him 'to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments,' be ingrossed.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Dapton WJiarf, in the Parish of Stoke next Guldeford, through Guldeford, to Andrew's CroJ's, and to Alford Bars, in the County of Surrey, and from thence to Saint Mary's Gate in Arundel, in the County of Suffer, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Norton, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr.

Supply.

Wavt and Mean.

Grtenwich

Hospital

EQatc.

Dapjon

Wharf,

tcc.

Road, 1

Hanflop

lacioiure.

Rebuilding N gatr. Me.

Glenwhelt

Road.

Summer Rods Bar Road.

Bullock's

Estate.

18 Geo. III. 3pp Mar. 867

Mr. Grenville reported from the Committeejto whom the Bill for div iding and inolofing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Common Meadows, within the Parish of llanjlop, in the County of Buckingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of about 84 Acres of I^and; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed confilis of 1,900 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Alderman Oliver presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for impowering the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of in <

.Common Council assembled, to raise upon the Credit of the Surplufes to arise out of a certain Fund, cora-joionly called the Orphans Fund, the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, towards discharging the Debt incurred in rebuilding the Gaol of and a Sef-

fions House adjoining, and for completing the said Gaol, and building an Infirmary thereto; and other the Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was ' received; and read the First Time.

1 Resolved, That the Bill.be read a Second Time.

' A Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing' and widening the Road leading from a Part of the Road (directed to be repaired by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, from Carlijk to N upon Tyne) near

Glenzchelt, to another Part of the Road (so making from CarUjle to Newcastle) upon in the County of Northumberland; and for making more effectual Provision for the Repair of the said Road, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Sir William Middleton, Lord Algernon Percy, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for altering, repairing, and widening, the Road from Summer Rods Bar, near the Town of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Alston, in the County of Cumberland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Middleton, Lord Algernon Percy, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Eft ate of John Bullock, Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, in the County of Chester, in Trullees, to be sold, for railing Money to discharge an Incumbrance thereon, and laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of l.ands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Lfes limited of the said settled Estate, was read a Second Time.

Vol. 36.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Grenville, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

' An ingossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts, passed in the Fourth Year of King George the Firli, and the Ninth and Thirtieth Years of King George the Second, for repairing the Highways from Crown Corner, in the Town of Reading, leading by and through the several Parishes of and

Heckdeld, in the several Counties of Berks, Wilts, and Southampton, to Basingstoke, in the said County of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts, passed in the Fourth Year of King George the First, and the Ninth and Thirtieth Years of King George the Second, for repairing the Highways from Corner, in the Town of Reading, leading by and through the several Parishes of Shin/ield and in the

several Counties of Berks, Wilts, and Southampton, to Basingstoke, in the said County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Anncjley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for confirming, establishing, and making effectual, certain Articles of Agreement, made and entered into, for inclosing and dividing the several Commons called Ealing Common, Ealing Green, and Cooks Hill, in the Parish of in the County of Berks; and for exchanging certain Lands in the said Parish, was read the Third Time. ‘

Resolved, That, the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act for confirming, establishing, and making effectual, certain Articles of Agreement, made and entered into, for inclosing and dividing the several Commons called Ealing Common, Ealing and Cooks

Hill, in the Parish of Hampstead Norreys,f\\ the County of Berks; and for exchanging certain Latlds in the said Parish. '

Ordered, That Mr. Annejleydo Larry' the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence^'

Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled.

An Act for establishing.and confirming an Agreement, made between the Dean and Chapter of Durham and General Cuthbert Eliifim, for the Partition and Division

of a Tract of unimproved Land', In the Parish of Jarrow, in the County Palatine of and the

Partition and Division made ip pursuance thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clavering do carry the Bill to the Lords; and accjuaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingossed Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road ftom the Town of Farringdon, in the County of Berks, to the Town of Cricklade, and from thence to the Town of Malmef-bury, in the County of Wand the Road from thence to join the Turnpike Road at Acton,

in the County of Gbucefier, and also the Road from Tetbury, in the said County, through Malmesbury aforesaid„to Chippenham Bridge, and also from Sherstone to join the Turnpike Road leading from Tetbury to,

fie

Reading

to

Bnfingstoke

Roads.

Hampflead

Norreyt

inclosufe.

Dean and Chapter of Durham’s Estate*

FarringdeOf

&c*

Road.

De Bruges* Nat.

Saltney

Marsh

Inclefure.

868 30° Marlii. A. 1778,

and for granting further Powers for amending those Hoads; and for amending the Road from a Place near Jackaments Bottom, in the Cirencester and Turnpike, Road, through Crud and other Parishes, to the High Cross in Malmesbury aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Tetbury, in the County of to and through

Malmesbury, t<) Chippenham , in the County of Wilts; and from Malmesbury to the Turnpike Road at or near Jackaments Bottom, in the said County of Gloucester; and also the Road from to Cricklade,

from thence to Malmesbury, and to the Turnpike Road at Aston Turville; and also from Sherftone to the Turnpike Road leading from Tetbury to Bath.

Ordered, That Mr. Herbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Pierre Theodore De , was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Richard Lord Grosvenor, Lessee under the Crown of the Manor of in the County of the City of Chester, and in the County of and also Lord of the Manor of , in the said

.County of Chester, as Owner of the Inheritance thereof, and also the humble Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners, Tenants, or Occupiers, of Messuages, Tenements, and Lands, in the several. Manors, Townships or Places, of Handbridge, Brewers Hall, otherwise Nether Leigh, Over Leigh, Marljton aim Lack,

and Dodleston, in the said County of the City of Chester, and in the said County of Chester, was presented to the , House and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill has been presented, for dividing, inclosing, and preferring, a certain Commoner Parcel of Waste Ground or Marsh, called Saltney Marsh, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned; and which said Saltney Marsh is thereby alleged to be within the Manor and Pari Hi of in

the County of Flint; and that the Petitioners and their Tenants, and several other Owners or Occupiers of Messuages, Tenements, and Lands, in the said several Manors, Townships, or Places, of Handbridge, Brewers Hall, otherwise Brewardes Halgh, Nether Leigh, Over . Leigh, Lach, Marlston cum Lach, and Dodleston, and those under whom they claim, are, and immemorially . have been, entitled to, and have enjoyed, a Right of Common of Pasture, in respect of their said Messuages, Tenements, and Lands, upon the said Saltney Marsh, so ,. intended to be divided and inclosed; and that, by an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for confirming an Agreement entered into between the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving " the Navigation of the River and Sir John

" Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Hawarden, and several Freeholders and Occupiers of Land within the said' Manor; and for explaining and amending Three several Acts of Parliament, of the Sixth, Fourteenth, " and Seventeenth, Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee," the Yearly Sum of £. 200 is directed to be paid by the said Company of Proprietors to the Trustees thereby appointed, ancf their, Successors, to be by them paid and applied for the Use and Benefit of the Lord of the Manor of Hawarden, and the Persons having a Right of Common upon the Common Sait Marshes there, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, whereof the Lord of the said Manor, or the Rector of the Parish of Ha den, were to be one, should, at such Meeting or Meet-

ihgsto tie held aS therein is mentioned* from Time to Time; direct or appoint, and to or for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever; and that the Petitioners have a Right of Common upon the said Salt Marshes mentioned in the said recited Act, and now intended to be inclosed as aforesaid; in respisft of their Lands lying within the County of the City of and the County of Chester, and therefore apprehend, that a proportionable Part of the said Yearly Sum of j£. a00 should'have been applied for their Use or Benefit; and that the said Salney Marsh intended to be inclosed is, in old Deeds,

Grants, or Records, not mentioned or considered as lying in any particular Manor or Parish; and if the said Bill should pass into a Law in its present Form, it would be highly injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or their Coiinfel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect or be injurious to their Property and Interest, or that they may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, inclosirtg, and preserving, a certain Common, or Parcel of Waste Ground or Marsh, called Saltney Marsh, within the Manor and Parish of Hawarden, in the County of Flint, and for Other the Purposes therein mentioned, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an InftrU&iou to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Rill for regulating and ascertainiftg Fees to be Feeiof taken by Stewards'of Copyhold Manors, was read a Steward^ Second Time. Copyhold

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward "oa Ajlley, Sir George Yonge, &#.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,-An Act CampWlh todiffolve the Marriage of John Hooke Campbell, Ef- Dime, quire, with Elizabeth Eufacia his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 7th Day of April next, fefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, . if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

Mr. Alderman Hay ley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for paving Parts of the Foot Paths, p,^. on the Sides of the Great Road, in the Parish of Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex; and for preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, and hear thereto, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were

Once

Lord

Bingley’s

Will.

Bolingbrooke

Ac.

Small Debts.

Donington High Bridge Roads.

Coate

Inclbfure.

Darby's

Divorce.

Ollerton

Inclosure.

Darby's

Divorce.

i8 Geo. III. 30° Martii. 86q

Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exemplifying or inrolling the Will of George late Lord Bingley, deceased, and making such Exemplifica-

tion, or at tolled Copies of the Inrolment thereof. Evidence, as well in Ireland as in Great Britain, was read a Second Time.

Rejblvcd, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Gouaricke, Mr. hoionshend,&c. i And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Soake of Bolingbrooke and Wapentake of Candlejhoe, in the Parts of in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Soake of Bolingbrooke and Wapentake of Candlejhoe, in the Parts of LindJ'ty, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord Brownloio Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening the Roads from High Bridge

" to Hale Drove, and to The Eighth Mile Stone in the " Parish of Wigloft, and to Langret Ferry, in the " County of Lincoln," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers- of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

<c An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from " Donington High Bridge to Hale Drove, and to The " Eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Wig toft, and to " Langret Ferry, in the County of ."

Ordered, That Lord Brown Bertie do carry the Bill to tl»e Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Angaish and Mr. Fames

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and laying in Severalty, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Manor and Tything of Coate, in the Parish of Bishops Cannings, in the County of Wilts; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to diflolvc the Marriage of Thomas Darby, Clerk, with Morn Ids Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of OUevton, in the Parish of Edw inflow, in the County of was

read a Second Time.

Rifolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Lord Edward Bentinck, kc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

to diflolvc the Marriage of Thomas Darby, Clerk, with

S cl. 30,

Mary his Wife, and to enable him to marry again , and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of James Francis Esquire, on be-

half of himself, and in the Names of, and by Authority of, several Freeholders, Herctors, and Conwnissioners of Supply, in the County of Stirling, was prelected to the House, and read; faking Notice of the Bill for repairing the Highways arid Bridges in the County of Stirling; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner apprehends, that several of the Clauses and Provisions of the said Bill will be hurtful to the Interest of the Community, qs u'ell as to the Rights, Privileges, and Interests* of himself, and those whom he represents: And therefore praying, That he may be permitted to be heard, by himself or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as he conceives to be prejudicial to the Rights, Privileges, and Interests, of himself, and those whom he represents, or that he may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the Floufe shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

.Sir William Bagot reported from the Committee; to whom the Bill to impower the Trustees for amending the Road from Uttoxeter to Ncivca under Lyme, in the County of Stafford, to repair and widen the Road branching out of the said Road at Lower Lane, to the Turnpike Road on Hem Heath, in the same County, was committed; That, the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Alderman Bull presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second; intituled, "An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Tower Hamlets And the same was received; and read the First Time:

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time-

The House was moved, That the last of the Resolutions, which, upon the 3d Day of this Instant March, were reported from the Committee, who were appointed to inspect the Progress made by the several Persons appointed to make a General Index to the Journals of this House, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly, and is as followeth, viz.

" Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the General Indexes to the Journals of this " House, compiled by Mr. Edward Moore, the Rererend Mr. Forjler, and the Reverend Dr. art, be

10 M " printed

Srirling

Highway*

Uttoxeter,

Arc-

Road.

Tower Hamlets Small Debts*

General

Index to Journals.

870 3°° Martii. . 1778.

" printed bytlie Person usually employed in printing " the Journals of this House, under the Care and Inspection of the several Persons who have compiled " the fame."

Ordered, That the General Indexes to the Journals of this House, compiled by Mr. Edward Moore, the Reverend Mr. Forfter, and the Reverend Doctor Flex-man, be printed by the Person usually employed in printing the Journals of this House, under the Care and Inspection of the several Persons who have compiled the fame.

Punishment Ordered, That the several Returhs, which, itpon the

Transportation 8th ^a.V’ of April last, were presented to the House, in apd pursuance of the Orders of this House, of the 8th

HardLabour. Day of November, in the last Session of Parliament, " That the Clerks of Assize, Clerks of the Peace, " Town Clerks, or other proper Officers, of Liberties and Tom ns holding Sessions, at which Felons " have been usually ordered for Transportation, do, " on or before the ift Day of January next, make out " correct Lifts, in "Writing, of all Persons, who, between the ill Day of November 1769 and the ift " Day of this Instant have, at their respect

" tive Sessions of 0>er and Terminer, of Gaol Delivery, or of the Peace, been fen fenced to Transportation, or have, within their respective Districts, " been ordered for Transportation in Consequence of " Conditional Pardons, or otherwise, distinguishing the " Names of each Person, his 'or her Crime, and the " Time w hen he or she was ordered for Transportation, icand whether by Judgment of the Court, or by Means " of Conditional Pardons, or otherwise; and do forth* " with transmit the said Lifts to the Sheriffs of their " respective Counties;" and also? " That the said Order be sent to the Sheriffs of the several Counties in " England and Wales; and that the said Sheriffs do forthwith transmit Copies of the same to the Clerks of " Assize, Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks, and other " proper Officers, of Liberties ^nd Towns holding " Sessions, at which Felons have been usually ordered " for Transportation within their respective Counties; " and that, on or before the 20th Day of January * next, the said Sheriffs do transmit to the Clerk of " this House, the Returns of the Lifts that have been " made to the said Order, together with a List of the " Names of the several Clerks of Assize, Towp Clerks, " and other Officers, of Liberties and Towns holding " Sessions, within their respective Jurisdictions to whom the said Order was directed," be referred to the Committee, who are appointed to inquire into the Measures which have been adopted and pursued for carrying into execution an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " authorize, for a limited Time, the Punishment by " Hard Labour of Offenders, who, for certain Crime3, " are or shall become liable to be transported tc any " of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations," and also into the Effects produced by the said Act; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Westbay Mr. Tit die ay reported from the Committee, to whom

Inclosure. the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, or Tract of Commonable Land, called or known by the Name of WesthayMoor, within the Parish and Manor of Mear, in the County of was committed; and to whom the Petition of Thomas Moore, F.squire, Lord of the Manor of Mere, in the County of SomerJ'et, and also Owner and Proprietor of all the Tythes arising within a certain Common called Westhay Moor, lying within the said Manor, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April .1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied ,‘rt uh; and that the Committee had heard the Petitioner, by his Agent; and had examined the Allegation^ of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 12 Common Rights, who, when being applied to, said, they had no Objection to the Bill, but would not lign it; and that the whole Number of Common Rights is 54) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

llefolved. That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Whitbread presented to the House, according to Regifhdnj Order, a Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for registering the Prices at which " Corn is fold in the several Counties of Great Britain,

" and the Quantity exported and importedAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Upon Thursday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for appointing Commissioners to Land Tax put in execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, Comm"rron* intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain,

" for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy eight," together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty,

" by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Seventy-eight," together with those named in Tw o former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitxeorth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth be added to the Gen. Taylors; tlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a ascertaining Bill to explain and amend, and reduce into One Act of their Parliament, the Laws now in being for regulating Mailer and Journeymen Taylors, within the Bills of Mortality, and within the Distance of Five Miles thereof

Mr. Whitxeorth preferited to the House, according to Ditto. Order, a Bill to explain and amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the Laws now in being, for regulating Mailer and Journeymen Taylors, within the Bills of Mortality, and within the Distance of Five Miles thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, GlafWbury and draining, certain Moors or Pieces of Waste Land, Inclosure. within the Parishes of Saint John and

in Glastonbury, in the County of Somwas read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr.

j

Importation ot Corn.

Committee on the Sta e of the Nation.

Reimportation

of Tobacco.

Supply Bill;

Duties on Houses.

18 Geo. III. 36° MariiL 871

Pr. 1. I.9. After " Parishes" to insert " or oYie " of them."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and draining, certain Moors, or Pieces of Waste Land, within the Parishes of Saint John and Saint Benedict, in Glajhmbury, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Combe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for allowing Corn, Grain, and Flour, imported into the Ports of Port/mduth, wich., Chichester, and Chester, to be landed without Payment of the Duties, under the like Restrictions as Corn, Grain, and Flour, are allowed to be landed at the several Ports mentioned in an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation and " Exportation of Corn," was read the Third Time. , Rejoiced, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title, be. An Act for allowing Corn, Grain, and Flour, imported into the Ports of Porlfvmt

and Chester, to be landed without Payment of the Duties, under the like Reltriciions as Corn, Grain, and Flour, are allowed to be landed at the several Ports mentioned in an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Ills present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn."

Ordered, That Mr. Brett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the IToufe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Refblved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

' Mr. Charles Toicnjhend, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing the Re-i.nportation of unmanufactured Tobacco from Foreign Parts, although the same may har e been sold abroad, and the Importation of Tobacco, the Growth and Product of the Island of Do-viinica, under certain Regulations and Reltriciions, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to repoit to the House; and ae read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Queliion severall y put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the I louse.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iugrolTcd.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon all inhabited Houses w ithin the Kingdom

of Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rejllved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole 1 louse.

Re/blved, Vhnl this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. r

A Petition of the Free BurgcfTes, Freeholders, and V01,. 36.

Inhabitants, of tile Tofvn anil County of upon

Tyne, was presented to the I Joule, and read; Setting forth; That, deeply affected with the present public. Distress, and apprehensive of the imminent Danger, if not total Ruin, of our political Constitution, we look up to you, as the only proper Guardians of those Rights and Privileges, whiph we have committed in Trim to your Defence and Protection. We have long beheld, with Concern, the growing Incroaehments of Ministerial Power, and that Power and Influence given to interested Men, whose avowed Principles are diametrically opposite to the Spirit of our excellent Constitution, which accomplished the Exclusion of Tyranny, by the late glorious Resolution, and the subsequent Elevation of our present moll Gracious Sovereign’s illustrious Family to the Throne of these Realms. After a long Train of unredrefied increasing Evils, we find ourselves involved in an imneceflary, expensive, and ruinous. Civil War; many Thousands of our brave Countrymen hate"' been loft; many Millions of the public Tieafure expended;1 our Taxes daily increasing; our Trade and Commerce declining; many of our Resources cut off; 0141* National Credit sinking; and all (without the least Prospept of public Advantage) perfified in by our Ministers, against the most humble Petitions and just Remonstrances, until repeated ill Success, and the Prof-petit of a Foreign War, have at length convinced them of their Error and Mifeonduft, and compelled them inconliftently to solicit (probably too late) for those Terms which Reason and Truth had long ago sued for in vain: We therefore pray. That the Wisdom and Attention of Parliament may be leriously engaged to in-veltigate, and effectually root out, the Cause of these Evils, to establish the Peace and Happiness of Society, by humbly addreiling His Majesty, to remove front. His Presence and Councils, for ever, those Men, who from Motives of Interest, or vindictive Ambition, may have destroyed this Peace, interrupted this Happiness, and forfeited the Confidence of the People; and, to prevent succeeding Delinquents from being mifled by the flattering Hopes of Impunity, we pray, that legal, but rigorous and exemplary, Punishments may be impartially inflicted upon any who are found to have betrayed the jult Rights, and sacrificed the Welfare, of their Country; that such effectual Check may be given to Vice and Corruption, and such Countenance and Encouragement to public Virtue, as may unite a free and generous People upon the solid Bafts of Loyalty and mutual Affection, and enable us, with that prevalent Assistance which depends upon the Divine Approbation, to escape the Wiles, and repel the Assaults, of our natural, insidious, and powerful Enemies.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Accounts of extraordinary Services incurred and paid, and not provided for by Parliament,' which have been laid before this House in the Years 1776, 1777, and in the present Session of Parliament, be referred to a Committee, to consider and examine the same; and to report their Opinions thereupon to the House;

An Amendment was proposod to be made to the Queliion, by leaving out the Words " and to report " their Opinions thereupon to the House."

And the Queliion being put. That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Queliion;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, Nemine Contradicevte, That the Accounts of extraordinary Services incurred and paid, and not provided for by Parliament, which have been laid before this House in the Years 177C, 1777, and in the present Session of Parliament, be referred to a Committee, to consider and examine the fame.

Resolvedr

Petition from Newcastle tjpori Tynt.

Arfrvjr*

Extras.

BHIinghay

Drainage.

Supply.

Ways and Means

87a 300 — -31 A. 1778.

Resolved, That the said Committee be a Select Committee.

Resolved, That the Number of the said Committee be One and Twenty.

Resolved, That the Committee be chosen by way of Ballotting.

Ordered, That the Members of this House do, upon

Wednesdaynext, at Two of flie Clock, prepare Litis, to be put into Glades, of Twenty-one Persons Names, to be the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Glatfes be placed upon the Table; and the said Lifts, held up between the Finger and Thumb, be put into the Glades at the Table, by the Members called over for that Purpose, according to the Counties and Places they serve for, as the said Counties and Places are entered in the Return Book.

A Petition of the Right honourable Francis Lord I^e Defpencer, Matthau Lord Fortescue, Lord

Broionlow, and also the humble Petition of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, being Proprietors of several of the Low Lands and Fens mentioned and described in an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for draining and " preserving certain Low Lands, called The Fens, lying " on both Sides of the River in the County of Lincoln-, and for restoring and maintaining the Navigation of the said River, from The High Bridge,

" in the City of Lincoln, through the Borough of,

" to the Sea;" and the said Lord Le Defpencer, Mat there Lord Fortescue, and Brownloio Lord being

also General Commissioners duly appointed for putting the said Act in execution, having observed, that a Bill is now depending in the House, for authorizing the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for draining and improving Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Bil in the County of Lincoln, to raise and complete certain Banks and Works which are now under the Jurisdiction of the General Commissioners for draining Lands on both Sides the River William, and for reimbursing the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds all such Money as shall be expended therein, not exceeding a Sum to be limited, conceive, that if the said Bill shoukf pass into a Law, the same will be very detrimental, as well to the Interest of the Petitioners and other Proprietors of the said Low Lands and Fens, as also of all the Creditors who have advanced Considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Taxes arising by virtue of the said Act: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon the Third Reading thereof.

OrderedJThoX the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House so resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

Anil the said Order being read accordingly; zi

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning nexi, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

MartiS)31*;

Anno 180 Georgii III1*' Regis, 1778.

Prayers.

A /f R. Siblhorpc reported from the Committee, to 1.VX whom the Petition of several of the Owners and Occupiers of Land in the Counties o and

Cambridge, employed and madeUfe of in the Cultivation of Oats, and of several of the Merchants and Traders concerned in the Trade thereof; and also the Petition of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great l^evel of the Fens, were Severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared1 to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk'# Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow ethy viz. ' - .

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his Majesty Ring Charles the Second, for the Improvement of Tillage, and the Breed of Cattle;- and also an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, were read. And,

Mr.- Edward Hare,-being examined, said, That there is a large Tract of Land in the Fens in Lincolnshie, which has been drained at a great Expence, and is proper for the Cultivation of Oats, which is the Grain usually sown — That upwards of 30,000 Acres, under BlackSluice Drainage, have been drained, and are chiefly cultivated with Oats (exclusive of another Part under the Witham Drainage Act, which is 30,000 Acres more) — That upwards of £.40,000 has been laid out, besides the Annual Rates for general and interior Drainage.

Mr. Joseph Newman, being examined, said. That the Average Weight of Oats is about Thirty-three Pounds and an Half-a Bushel — That a large Quantity of less Weight is grown — That Oats weighing Nine Stone Ten Pounds a Coomb, is good middling Oats, and fit for Horse Com — That the Weight of the best he has seen, is between 11 and iz Stone per Coom !> — That Upland Oats weighing iz Stone is reckoned very good — That in a dry Year, the Medium of Oats will be better than in a wet Year, which Medium varies as the Season does, and that the Oats vary from Year to Year — That under the Witham Act, upwards of zo, oooo Acres has been inclosed, which is properest for Oats — That the Average Price of Oats, one Year with another, is about Half a Guinea a Quarter at ton — That the Expence of bringing the Oats from Boston to London, is near Three Shillings per Quarter — -That he has calculated the Expence of cultivating' the Oats, which (exclusive of Rent) is about £. 2 per Acre, as follows; Ploughing, Sowing, and Harrowing, Seven Shillings an Acre; Seed, Nine Shillings an Acre, whereon are generally sown between Four and Five Bushels j Weeding, One Shilling and Six Pence; Reaping, Ten Shillings and Six Pence an Acre; Carting, Stacking, and Thatching, Four Shillings; Thrcihing, Three ShiJ-lings ;carrying to Market and Porterage, ThreeSh ill in gs; and Assessments One^ Shilling and Six Pence — That the Average Produce is about Six Quarters upon an Acre

— ‘That

Culture of Oats.

l8 Geo. III. %T Martii,. 873

— That he doe* not reckon any Tiding for the^tfaw — That the Average of Rent is about Fifteen Shillings and Six Pence an Acre — That they turn their Stpok in Upon the Stubble till the Froll comes on — That he only speaks as to Holland and the Lands under the With am Act — The Taxes lay upon she Landlord

(except interior Taxes) — That if more Encouragement was given, he apprehends a greater Quantity of Oats would be sown, as the Lund is litter to produce Oats than any Thing else — That he lives at

Mr. Thomas Cockfedge, being examined, Laid, That

he is a Corn Factor i n London- — That the Two Persons who by the Law make the Affidavit to the Quarter Session, never have, or do pay the least Regard to the Average Price of Oatsr-ihat they think they are di-rested by the Act to find out the Price of middling Oats, but not the general Average Price of all Oats, which is the constant Practice in London — That the Two People (who aft as Volunteers) always think themselves jutlified in their Affidavit, if they fix upon such Sort of Oats as are middling according to their Idea of the Quality, totally rejeftingany Consideration of other Oats then at Market, let the Prices be whatever they will, by which Means it has often happened, that for the Fortnight preceding the Application to the Sessions, many Thousand Quarters of Englrih Oats, of the middling Quality, have been sold at Prices not exceeding Fourteen tb Fifteen Shillingsper Quarter, when the Affidavit has been presented to the Sessions, that the Price of middling Oats is then above Sixteen Shillings — That in his Opinion aliout 400,000 Quarters of Oats are fold in the Port of London in a Year — That he thinks they have received from the Ports of Spalding, Lynn, and Wifoeach, about 120,000 Quarters per Annum, for these Four or Five Years past —

That there are often great Quantities of that Corn at Market, when the Ports are opened — That the Average Weight of the Fen Oats is-about Thirty-three Pounds to Thirty-four Pounds a Bushel — That the Average Weight of all other English Oats (exclusive of the Fen Oats) is about Thirty-six Pounds a Bushel — That Foreign Corn is better than Ours in all the Degreen — -That

55,000 Quarters of Oats have been imported into don, within the last Three Weeks — That about Fourteen Shillings a Quarter ha* been paid at an Average for that Corn — That the Weight of Foreign Oats, in his Opinion, is from about Thirty-two Pounds to Forty Pounds a Bushel, and the Average Weight is from Thirty-six to Thirty-seven Pounds a Bushel — That the Average Price of the Home Oats is now about Thir-, teen Shillings and Six Pence a Quarter — That the Importation of Home Oats has been increasing in the Port of London near Ten Years. And the Witness being asked, Whether it would be a Remedy to the Evil complained of, if there was some regular Mode of ascertaining the Port Prices of Oats? he said, He thought if such a Mode was found out, it is all that is wanted to answer that Purpose — That the Port has often been opened, without the least Attention to the Prices of Oats from the Fens — That this Matter was Once so flagrant, that he attended the Sessions when the Affidavit was produced, apd the Certificate granted to the Custom House, with Mr. William Morley, who is a Corn Factor, and has large Dealings in Corn from the Fen's, and they offered to prove to the Court, that no Oats which either of them had fold for the preceding Month, had reached near Sixteen Shillings, and that he imagined they had fold between them 10,000 Quarters in that Time — That the Sessions refused to pay any Attention to them, and said, all that was to guide them in their Determination, was the Affidavit — That there is a Species of Oats called Poland Oats, which, though they weigh no more than Thirty-four Pounds per Bushel, fell for One Shilling a Quarter more than the other Oats, upon Account of the India Trade.

Vol. 36.

Mr. He pry Haynes being examined, said, That

100.000 Acres of Land are now employed, in and near the Bedford Level, in the Grbwth of Oats, which Lands are fitter for the Cultivation of Oats than any Tiling else.

And it was further proved to your Committee, That about 80,000 Acres of Low Land in the County of Lincoln, have been drained by virtue of the Wit ham Act — Thai there are many TTioufand Acres of Low Lends in the County of Cambridge — That the Tract'of Low Land called Bedford Level, contains upwards of

80.000 Acres, and that there are 190,000 Acres of Low Land contiguous to Bedford Level, and intermixed with the fame, which are fit for the Culture of Qats, and that large Quantities thereof ara» Annually produced therefrom.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the who|e House.

ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Sir William Middleton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Morpeth, by Or through Mitford, Thrapple, I^ong and by the

North Side of Rothley Park Wall to Sting Grass, and to the High Cross :in EJfdon, in the County of Northumberland, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and madefeveral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill fot building a Stone Bridge across the River Tyne, opposite the Town of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, and for making proper Roads and Avenues to and from the lame, was read a Second Time*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Middleton, Mr. Towi/hend, Ike.; And they are to meet -this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the Recovery of Small Debts . within the several Parishes of Surfleet, Gather ton, Quadring, Donnington, Bicker, Swime/head, Wigtoft, Sutler-ton, Algarkirke, Fosdyke, Kir ton, Frampton, Wiberton, and Brothertoft, within the Hundred of Kirton, and County of Lincoln, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second. Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants, within the Hundred of Kirton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, against the said Bill; and also the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants, within the Hundred of Kirton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in Favour of the said Bill, were also read.

10 N And

Morpeth

Road*

Bridge at Hexham.

Kirton Small Debt*

874 3*' Martiu 1778*

Atad the Counsel for the Petitioners fctgainh the Bill " Was heard, and examined a Witness in Support of the said Petition; and went through his Evidence.

And the Counsel for the Bill was also heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Howard, Mr. Cecil, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon) at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

drrem An ingrossed Bill for repealing so much of Two Fifeeria. Acts, passed in the First Year of Queen Elizabeth, and Thirtieth Year of King Charles the Second, as relates - to the Size of the Meshes of Nets, and to the Length of the Nets, to be used in the River Severn below

tefier Bridge s and for better regulating the Fisheries, -and preserving the Spawn and Fry of Fish, in the said River, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill) by Way of Ryder, directing, that all Prosecutions shall be commenced within a limited Time.

And the said Clause was Twice read with a Blank; Which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, Tout the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Preservation of Fish, and regulating the Fisheries, in the Rivers Severn and Ver-niew.

Ordered, That Mr. Barrow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion was made, And thfe Question being put. That the ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Ma-jfefty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing, amending, and widening, the Road from Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Wefimar* land," be now read the Third Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth,

Sir James Loic liter $ |

tc

Tellers for the Noes, j Sir >*"

22*

Tellers for the Yeesy^^^ .

Mr. Frederick Monlagtt So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time. The Amendment following was proposed to be made' to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 19. I.27. After "thereby" to insert "or by " this Act."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing, amending, and widening, the Road from " Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of " York, to Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland."

Ordered, That Sir James Lowther do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Chipprnlu* An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of

Bridge an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, who Roads. of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repair- were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or ing and widening the Roads leading from Chippenham near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, Bridge, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Togg which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That Hill, in the County of Gloucester; and from Chippen- the Committee had enquired accordingly; and had ham Bridge aforesaid, to the Top of Old Sodbury Hill, come to several Resolutions, which they had directed in the said County of Gloucester, was read the Third him to report to the House; and he read the Report Time. in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolutions of the Corn- Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing the Manner of de- mitteewere read; and are as followeth; fraying the Expences of Jury and Witnesses in case of Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Disputes. That an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, which being filled up, the said Clause was read the " An Act for granting an Allowance upon the: Ex-Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, " portation of Gunpowder," which was to

agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, continue in Force for Five Years, from the 24th Day by Way of Ryder. of June 1731, and from thence to the End of the then

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title next Session of Parliament; and which, by several fub-be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from sequent Acts, made in the Tenth, Sixteenth, Twenty-Cltippeuham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, to the fourth, and Thirty-first Years of his said Majesty’s Top of Togg llill, in the County of Gloucester; and Reign, and the Fourth and Twelfth Years of His pre-fcom the Stone Pillar to the Top of Old Sodbury Hill, sent Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the in the said County of Gloucester. 29th Day of September 1778, and from thence to the

Ordered, That Sir William Codrington do carry the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ke-importatioir An ingrossed Bill for allowing the Re-importation of That an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of unmanufactured Tobacco from Foreign Parts, although of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

Tobacco, the same may have been fold Abroad, and the Im- " An Act for further encouraging and regulating the

portation of Tobacco, the Growth and Product of the " Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and for the

Island of Dominica, under certain Regulations and Re- " more effectual securing the Duties now payable

strictions, was read the Third Time. " on Foreign Sail Cloth imported into this King-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title " dom," which was to continue in Force, from the be. An Act for allowing the Re-importation of unma- 24th Day of June 1736, for the Term of Five Years, mifactured Tobacco from Foreign Parts, although the and from thence to the End of the then next Seffame may have been fold Abroad, and the Importation lion of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent of Tobacco, the Growth and Product of the Island of Acts, made in the Thirteenth, Twenty-fourth, and Dominica, under certain Regulations and Restrictions. Thirty-first Years of his said Majesty’s Reign, and the Ordered, That Mr. Burke do carry the Bill to the Fourth and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty’s

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Reign, was further continued until the 29th Day of

September

Keightcji

to

Kfrkbf

Kendal

Road,

Expiring

Law*.

i8 Geo. III.

314 Martii.

87$

September 1778, and froth thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of duy of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law," Which was to continue in Force for Five Years, from the 29th Day of September 1739, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and Which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Seventeenth, Twenty-fourth, and Thirty-first Years of his said Majesty’s Reign, and the Fourth and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, was further continiied Until the 29th Day of September 1778, and from thence to the Ena of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, arid fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "'An Act for the further Punishment * of Persons going armed or disguised, iu Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and for indemnify-u ing Offenders against those Laws, upon the Terms '* therein mentioned, and for the Relief of Officers of " the Customs, in Informations upon Seizures," as relates to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and to the Relief of Officers of the Customs, in InformatioriS upon Seizures, which was to Continue in Force for Seven Years, from the 24th Day of July .1746, and front thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts of the Twenty-sixth and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and the Fourth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1778, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " prohibit the Importation of light Silver Coin of this " Realm from Foreign Countries into Great Britain or " Ireland, and to restrain the Tender thereof beyond " a certain Sum," which was to continue in Force until the ift Day of May 1776, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was continued until the ill Day of May 1778, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Cloathing and Accoutrements " necessary for His Majesty’s Forces, paid out of His Majesty’s Revenues arising in the Kingdom of Ireland, to be exported from thence to the Places where " such Forces are ordered to serve; and for granting a " Bounty upon Flax Seed imported into Ireland, for a " limited Time," as relates to the granting a Bounty upon Flax Seed imported into Ireland for a limited Time, which was to continue in Force for Two Years, from the ill Day of January 1776, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and all’o another Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " granting a Bounty upon Flax Seed, the Growth of " the United Provinces, or of the Austrian

V01.36.

imported into Ireland for a limited Time," which Expiring was to continue in Force for Two Years, from the ill aws* Day of January 1776, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, are near, expiring, arid fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of

King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the

" better regulating of Pilots, for the bondufting of

" Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and the of

" Thanet, up the Rivers of Thames and which was to continue in Force for Seven Years, from the 1 ft Day of August 1717; and from thence to the

End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also

a Clause iri an Act of the Seventeenth Year of his said

Majesty’s Reign, for further regulating the Pilots of

Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, which was to

continue in Force during the Continuance of the said

Act of the Third Year of his said Majesty’s Reign*

which said Act, together with the said Clause, were,

by several subsequent Acts, of the Tenth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, arid of the Eighth and

Twenty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until

the 25th Day of March 1778, and from thence to the

End Of the then next Session of Parliament, is near

expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That so much of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Exportation of certain Quanti " ties of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, and to the Island of Saint " Helena, and to the other Settlements belonging to ‘f the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies;and of Biscuit and Pease to " Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and " brador; and for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising or carrying into execution His Majesty’s Orders of Council already made, for allowing the Exportation of Wheat, and other Articles," as relates to allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, which was to continue in Force until the ill Day of January 1777; which, by another Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was revived, and continued until the 25th Day of March 1778, is expired, and fit to be revived and continued.

The ill, 2d, and 6th, Resolutions of the Committee,' being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the.

Question severally put thereupon, po'ftponed.

The 3d, 4th, 5th, 7th, and 8th, Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, pursuant to the 3d, 4th, 5th, 7th, and 8th, Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Whitworth and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the Whole House, to whom it is referred to Consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, that they do consister of the Acts mentioned in the ift, 2d, and 6th, Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been poll-poned.

The House was moved, That an Act,- made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, in- Apprentice*, tituled, " An Act for the Relief of the Poor," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

amend

t

Jjafingftokc

Canal*

Wootton

Inclosure.

Henley

upon

Thame*

Schools.

876 31* Martii. — 10 . 1778.

amend such Part of the said Act as relates to the binding.

of Parish Apprentices: And that Mr. Charles

and Mr. Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Henry St. John reported from the Committee* to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the Counties of Southampton and Surrey, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774* relative to Navigation Bills* had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame* as it appeared to them, to the House 5 and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vizx

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Benjamin Davis, being examined, said, That, if a

Navigable Canal was made from the South Ealt Side of the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of in the said County of Southampton, over Turgifs , and through the Parish of Hartley Westpall, to communicate with the intended Canal from to the River

Wey, at a Farm called Hull's Farm, in the said Parish of Hartley Westpall (being the Distance of One Mile and an Half, or thereabouts) the same would be of great Benefit to the Country, and of public Utility. And the Witness added. That all the Parties through whosel^mds this Canal is to go, have given their Consent that the same should be made through th<?ir Estates.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making a Navigable Canal from the Town of Basingstoke, in the County of to communicate with the River Wey, in the Parish of Chertsey, in the County of Surrey, is committed, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for making a Canal from the South East Side of the Turnpike Road in the Parish of in the said County of Southampton, over Turgifs Green, and through the Parish of Hartley Westpall, to communicate with the intended Canal, at a Farm called Hull's , in the said Parish of Hartley Westpall.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Wootton, in the County of , was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -ley, Mr. Popham, See.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy i° die 5

Anno 18* Georgii IIP" Regis, 177S.

.Prayers.

AN ingfoffed Bill for uniting the Free Grammar School of James King of England, within the Town of Henley upon Thames, in the County of Oxford, with the Charity School founded in the same Town by Dame Elizabeth Periam, Widow; and for the better Regulation and Management of the said Endowments, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for uniting the Free Grammar School of James King of England, within the Town of Henley upon Thames, in the County of Oxford, with the Charity School founded in the same Towrt by Dame Elizabeth Periam, Widow; and for the better Regulation and Management of the said Endowments.

Ordered, That General C do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for further continuing so much of Certain Duties as have, by several Acts of Parliament, been granted and continued for repairing and maintaining the Harbours of Dover and Bye, as are applicable to compleating and keeping in Repair the said Harbour of Rye, in the County was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass And that the Title be. An Act for further continuing so'rmich of certain Duties as have, by several Acts of Parliament, been granted and continued for repairing and maintaining the Harbours of Dover and Rye, as are applicable to compleating and keeping in Repair the said Harbour of Rye, in the County of Suffer.

Ordered, That Mr. Nesbitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence'.

Mr. Tudivay reported from the Committee, to whom, the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, or Tract of Commonable Land, called or known by the Name of Wefihay Moor, within the Parish and Manor of Mear, in the County of Somerset, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill, (now ingrossed) for more effectually securing the Qyller Fishery at Whiff able, in the County of Kent, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } 2<J'

Tellers for the Noes,| A Jfaff Bacon: ] ‘5-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

' Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually. securing the Oyster Fishery at Whitstable, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. St. John do carry tire Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to impower the Trustees for amending the Road from Uttoxeter to Newcastle under , in the County of Stafford, to repair and widen the Road branching out of the said Road at Loioer Lane, to the Turnpike Road on Hem Heath, in the same County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to impower the Trustees for amending the Road from Uttoxeter to Newcastle wider in the County of Stafford \to repair and wideu the Road

branching'

Rtf

Harbour.

Westhay

Inclosure.

WhitlUW*

Oyster

Finery.

Uttoxeter,

&c.

Road.

Supply Bill; Wine Duties.

Scotland; Duty on Servants.

Bfllinghay

Drainage.

Army

Extras.

Penrith

Road.

t8 Geo. III.

P — d^AprHd.

branching out of the said Road at. Louief.Fpj»epto the Turnpike Road on Ilem Heath, in the same CpUnty., t Ordered, That Sir William do carry the Bill

to the Lord*, and desire therr Concurrence! t '[ /.

J . T

A Bill for granting to His Majesty federal additional Duties upon Wines and Vinegar imported into. this. Kingdom, was read a Second Time* *

Resolved, That the Bill be cppimitted, , };

B jilted, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House, . \

Bjulved, That this House will. To,-morrow Morning, j'efol ve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill. ‘

A Bill for the more effectually levying of the' Duty upon Servant$, in that Bart of Great ScolUmd, was read a Second Time.

Bjulved, That the J Bill be committed. . j .:

11 jilted. That the Bill, be committed to a Commits tec of the whole House.

Bjulved, That this 1 IouCc will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingossed) for authorizing the Commissioners, appointed by an Act of the Iall Session of Parliament, for draining and improving Lands and Grounds in the Pafiih of Billi in the County: of fincoln, to raise and complete certain.Banks and Works, which are now under the Jurisdiction of the General Commissioners for draining Lai^ls- on both Sides the* River William; and for reimbursing the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds all Tuqfo Money as shall be expended therein, not exceeding a Sum to be limited;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, that the Order of the Day, for the Members to prepare Lifts, to be put into Glasses, of Twenty-one Persons Names, to be the Committee, to w hom it is referred to consider and examine the Accounts of extraordinary Services incurred and paid, and not provided for by Parliament, which have been laid before this House in the Years 1776, 1777, and in the present Session of Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go, with the Mace, into the Speaker's Chambers, the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The Order, made upon Monday last, directing the Method of putting the said Lifts into Glasses, was read.

Then the Names of the Members being called over, according to that Order, those, who then appeared, severally put the Lifts, by them, prepared, into the Glasses at the Table.

And the Names of such Members as did not then apj>ear, were taken down.

And their Names being again called over, several of those Members appeared; , and, in like Manner, put the Lifts, by them prepared, into the said Glasses.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the said Lifts; and to report to the House, upon which Twenty-one Persons the Majority falls.

And a Committee was appointed of Colonel Mr. Byng, &e.: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir James Forcther reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing and amending, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his

V OL. 3b.

late Majesty,'for'repairing the Rbfellehctfag.£fomthe >

Town of Penrith, in ttlieCoUnty Cumberland, by

Hutton-Hall, over SMeltvmanA CaJll

as&Sebraham Bridget tmChdik Bec the taldCoun-i

ty; and also the Road Which branchfe* and fepttrfifat from; tht fame. Roptfouphn C'ajHe SoiotrbyPasture afonk said, , and{foods front thehcerthrough. otheWvife

Hejketrftdwmarket, to. Caldheek, ui ibe said County, was, committed; That-the Committee bad examined1 the Allegations of the J Bill, land.- found 'the fame1 for be true; and that the Committee had gone through thar Bill, and made feverhl Amendments 'thereunto, which? they had directed luqft to repOrt to the Hdufie; andlhe read the Report ilt his Place;find, afterwards'delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in dt the Clerk’s Table i Where the AmendmentsiwfcreOnce read through-' out): and then a Second Time;. One by One; and, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by. the House.

Ordered, That the Bill; with the- Amendments; bd ingrosseth

, J 4

The other Orders of the Day being read; t

Resolved, That this House will, upon Mom- L*nd Tax

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee.of the whole Arrears.

House, to consider of the Paper, intituled,* An Account " of what Arrears of Land Taxes were (landing out " ar Michaelmas 1777, with the NartieS of the respect ’

tive Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears re- main, and what Proceedings have been had to com- 3

*.* pel the Payment thereof." ,;

Resolved, That this House will, upon A/tf/ufay Mom* Committee

ing next; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole' on the House, to consider further of the State, of the Nation. Sta.*fth* Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- lon* ing next,' resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ,to, consider further of the Supply granted to-His Majesty, <

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mora- Ways ing next, resolve itself. into a, Committee of the wholes: Means,

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House. adjourned, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisy 2° die Aprilis;

Anno 18* Georgii IIP*1 Regis, 17781 . r

Prayers.

"\/TR. Knight ley reported from the Committee, to- Fl>wer 1\1 whom the Bill for dividing, and inclosing the Indofum Open and, * Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea<Jows, and other. Commonable Lands and Grounds, , of and within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties* of Flaore, otherwise Flower, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 45th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given they Confeut to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the (Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a So^ cond Time, One by One; and, upon the Question' severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

10 O Au

Greenwich

Hospital

Eftjue*

Road.

878 a 9 ApriUs.G/. 1778.

Aa ingrafted Bailor hnpewering the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in die County of Kent, to exchange certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments, belonging to them, in the Pari foes of Alnwick, Entbleton, and Warkunr-th, in the County of Northumberland, for other Lands belonging to the Mott noble Hugh Duke of Northumberland, in some One or more of the Open Common Fields at in the said County; and to ira power the said -Commissioners and Governors to grant Leases in Manner therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be. An Act for impowering the Coonnissioners mid Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamenat Greenwich, in the County of Kent, to exchange certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments, belonging to them in the Parifoes of Alnwick, Embleton, and -tcorth, in the County of Northumberland, for other Lands belonging to the Mott noble Hugh Duke of Northumberland, in some One or more of the Open Common Fields at Corbridge, in the said County; and to impower the said Commissioners and Governors to grant Leases in Manner therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir William Middleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the several Parifoes of

BiUingshurst, Kirdfard, Wifboro Green, Slittfold, mid

Rudgwick, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of Suffers and also of the several Owners of

Estates lying and being in the said several Parifoes, and the Neighbourhood thereof, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Dapdon Wharf, in the Parish of Stoke

next Guldeford, through Guldto Andrew's Cross,

and to Alford Bars, in the County of Surrey; and from thence to Saint Mary's Gate m Arundel, in the County of Suffer s and Setting forth. That the Road between

Roitnfled Common, in the said Parifo of Wisborough Green, to Codmer Hill, in the Parish of in the said County of Suffer (which is Part of the aforesaid Road, and upwards of Five Miles in Length) is still, in the Winter Season, very ruinous; and that no Stones, or other Materials, have been laid thereon, to make the said Road, since the patting of the said Act (except only a few finall Parts thereof, and those in a very bad Manner) nor has any Mile Stones been erected, since the patting the said Act, on that Part of the said Road; and representing to the House, that there is an Intention, by such new Act, to authorize the continuing a Turnpike Gate on the Road between Rounfted Common aforesaid, in the find Parifo of Wisborough Green, and Pulborough Bridge, in the said Parifo of Pulborough, which will be very prejudicial to the Petitioners and others travelling the fame, for the Reasons aforesaid: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by them Selves or Counsel, against that Part of the said Bill authorizing foe continuing a Gate between Rounfled Common and h Bridge

aforesaid, and such other Parts as m^y anest them, and that they may have such further and other Relief in the Premises as to the House foall Seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to foe Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the feme Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

20

Ordered, Tlrat all have Voices, w ho come to the Committee, to whont the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of several Landlords, dr Owners, and christ Chord* Leaseholders, of Houses and Estates, in the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middtejex, and who are several of them also Vestrymen of the same <Pa-rifo, on behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, a BHI is depending, to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of King foe Second, for the more effectual Support and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish, and for other Purposesj and alleging, that no real State of the said Parifo has been laid before the Vestry of the said Parifo, to enable them to judge of the Necessity of applying to Parliament for Leave to raise Money for the bettdT Employment and Support of the Poor thereof; and that, by the said Bill, all Houses let out into separate Apartments, within the said Parifo, which are not at present liable to be alfetted towards foe Relief of the Poor, are intended to be taxed for that Purpose; and that such Taxes are intended to be raised in a Way which, the Petitioners apprehend, will be very oppressive to them; and the Petitioners also apprehend, there is no Occatton to impose any additional Taxes upon the said Houses, for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parifo, as they conceive it will be found, upon Inquiry, that the present Rates, authorized by Law to be raised for the Relief of the said Poor, are sufficient for that Purpose: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against certain Ohtufes and Parts of foe said Bill, and may have such Relief as the House foall think equitable and just.

A Petition of several Vestrymen, Parifoioners, and Ditto. Inhabitants, of the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, on behalf of themselves and

others, was also presented to foe House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, a Bill is depending, to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, for the more effectual Support and Employment of the Poor of the said Parifo, and for other Purposes; by which Bill a new mode of Taxation is intended to take Place in the said Parifo; and that all Houses therein, under a certain Rent, which are not at present liable to be taxed towards the Relief of the Poor, are, by the said Bill, intended to be taxed for that Purpose; which, the Petitioners apprehend, will be very burthensome and oppressive to many industrious Families, who are chiefly employed in the Silk Manufactory, carried on in the said Parifo, who rent and occupy such Houses, and will, in the End, materially afteft their Manufactory, increase the Poor, and consequently greatly burthen the Parifoioners of the said Parish; and that the Mode, intended by the said Bill to be adopted, for railing and collecting the said new Mode of Taxation, will also greatly afteft the said Parifo in several material Respects: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against certain Clauses and Parts of the said Bill, and may have such Relief as the House foall think equitable and just.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, patted in foe Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, more effectually to enable the Pa-rifokmers of the Parifo 01 Christ Church, in foe County of Middlesexto purchase, hire, or

erect, a Workhouse, for foe employing and maintaining the Poor of foe said Parifo, and 'for the more effectual Support and Employment of the Poor therein, is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves

pr

B’ltinghay

Drainage.

Army

Extras.

18 Geo. III. a" Aprtlis. _ $79

or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in, Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Beading of the ingrossed Bill for authorizing the Commissioners, appointed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for draining and improving Lands and Grounds in the Parish of B in the County of Lincoln, to raise and complete certain Banks and Works^ whichare nowunder thejurisdiction of the General Commissioners for draining Lands on both Sides the River Witham; and for reimbursing the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds all such Money as shall be expended therein, not exceeding a Sono to be limited;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

And the Counsel against the Bill was called in (no Counsel appearing for the Bill.)

And the said BiH was read the Third Time.

And the Petition of the Right honourable Francis Lord // Def/mcer, Matthew Lord Lord Brownlow, and also the humble Petition of the

several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the said Petition, and went through his Evidence.

And *hen he was directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, that the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the YeaFnda *'

} 44.

So it was refdved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act for authorizing the Commissioners Appointed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for draining and improving Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Billinghay, in the County of Lincoln, to raise and complete certain Banks and Works, which are under the Jurisdiction of the General Commissioners for draining Lands on both Sides the River Witham and for reimbursing the Money expended therein, not exceeding a Sum therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Benyon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Colonel Barri reported from the Committee, who were appointed to examine the Lists of Twenty-one Persons Names, to be the Committee to consider and examine the Accounts of extraordinary Services incurred and paid, and not provided for by Parliament, which have been laid before this House in the Years 1776, 1777, and in the present Session of Parliament, and to report to the House upon which Twenty-one Persons die Majority fell; That the Conaraittoe had examined the Lilts accordingly} and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth, viz.

The Committee find. That the Majority hath fallen upon the following Persons; rrz.

The Right honourable Isaac Barre - - - - 292

The Right honourable Lord John Cavendish - - 287

Frederick Montagu, Esquire ..... 284

Richard Oliver, Esquire.....267

Sir Edward Ajlley, Baronet.....197

Y01. 36.

John Ehoes, Esquire - 196

Sir William Bagot, Baronet ---- - i8|

Christopher D'Oyley, Esquire - -- - 79

The Right honourable Hans Stanley - - - - 174

The Right honourable Welbore Ellis - - - - 17

Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet - - - - 171

The Right honourable Charles Jenkinson - - 170

Owen Sahifbury Brereton, Esquire ----- 168

George Medley, Esquire - -- -- -168 Charles Mell(ik, Esquire ----- 168

Sir Richard Sutton, Baronet - ----- - i6{5

Archibald Macdonald, Esquire ---- 165

Thomas Grosvenor, Esquire ? - - - - -164

William Norton, Esquire - - 163

George Finch Hatton, Esquire ---- 158

The Right honourable Lord Parker - - - - 155

Ordered, That the said Committee, or any Seven of them, do meet upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Pdwer to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Ad journment of the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to report their Proceedings, from Time to Tiipe, to the House.

The Lord North presented to the House, pursuant State of to their Order, the Atmj

N° 1. State of the Cavalry in Ireland, for the Month T j" > of February 1778: And also,

N° 2. State of the Infantry in Ireland, for the Month of February 1778.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Cj^^4rc^* Committee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, parted poor.*’ in the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, more effectually to enable the Parishioners of the Pa-riih of Christ Church, in the County of , to

purchase, hire, or erect, a Workhouse, for the employing and maintaining the Poor of the said Parish, and for the more effectual Support and Employment of the Poor therein, is committed.

Mr. Knightley reported framthe Committee, to whom BvSeJd

the Bill for jdividing and inclosing the Open and Com- *n<1

mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and ° r withfrrtne Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Bufield and Westrup, in the Parish of Byfield, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Con lent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report inhis Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Ope; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir William Guise reported from the Committee, to Naunton whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing tlid Open and inclosorc, Common Fields, Hillg, Downs, Pastures, and Common-

able.

88o 2 Aprilis: 1778.

able Lands, within the Parish of in the Coun-

ty of Gloucester, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Reverend Rector of thp

TariOi of Naunton, in the County of was

deferred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Rills of Inclosure, liad been complied with; and that the Committee had tonfidered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to l»e true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction . of the Committee; and had also given their Consent to the leaving out One of the Commissioners Names, and inserting another in lieu thereof; and that the.;Commitr 'tee had gone through the Bill, and made fcvpral Amendments thereunto, which they, had directed, him ‘to report to the House; audhe read the Report in his ' Place and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the jAnaehdmqnts were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, Qne by One; and, upon the Question grtyjally put' thereupon, were agreed to by , the

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed. . {

?nny Mr. Skipwith repotted from the Committee, to whom IncloKre Bie Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and-Commou Fields, Common Pastures, Common M eadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Pari fii,. and Liberties of Fenny in

the County of Warwickwas committed; That the Committee bad examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774*; relative to Bills of Inclosure, had Been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that . the parties concerned h^d given their Consent to-the

.I--. Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that

the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report ' in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, ip at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Quee read throughout; arid then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by ‘ the House.

Ordercdj That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Dover iWhitworth reported from the Committee,

Streets, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty, of the Town and Port of Dover, in the County of Kent, was referred; That the f Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; apd had directed him to report the fame, as , it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is , as follow5t.I1; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Bateman Lane, being examined, said. That it would conduce very much to the Benefit, Convenience, arid Safety, of the Inhabitants, and all Persons resorting to the said Town, if the Streets, Lanes, and other . Places, within the said‘Town, were properly lighted and watched.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, „to whpm the Bill for better paving aiu( cleapfing the Streets and Lanes within the Town'of Dover, in the County of /(Ten/, and in the several Parishes of Saint Mary the Virgin and Sqjjit James the Apofilc, in the said Town p ( and County, and for removing‘apd preventing Nui-

fimccs and Annoyances therein, is committed; That they have Power to make Pr.ovision, in the said Bill, for lighting and watching the said Streets and Lanes within the said Town and Parishes.

Mr. Duff presented to the House, according to FinJhorn Order, a Bill to enable 1 Fedor , El'quire, to Harbour,

build and maintain a Harbour and Pier at the Town of Findl 10m, in the County of Elgin and Forres: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

:. Resolved,. That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Charles Mellipi presentedio the 1 Ioufe, according par;o, to Order, a Bill to amend such Part of an Act, made in Apprentices, the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen intituled; " An Act for the Relief of the Poor," as re? lates to the binding of Paj'ilh Apprentices: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

llefolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. t

I v

llefolved, Nemine Conlradicente, That this House will, Trade of upon Tuesday Morning next, refqlve itself into a Ireland. Committee of the whole House, to take into Confidet ration the several Acts of Parliament relating ;to -the Tradeand Commerce of Ireland. „.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Law* this Day Sevennight, for the House to resolve itself relating to into a Committee of the whole House,;.Tqrmorrow, at Sewen* Twelve of the Clock, upon tl^e Bjll tp explain and amend the Laws no\y, in being, relating to Sewers, might be read.

And the said Order being read, accordingly;

Ordered, That the said, Order be discharged.

Rqfolvqd, That this House will, upon;

Morning ‘next, relbfve itself into the said Committee. r

1.

A Motion was made, and thp Question being put, Motioa ThatXeave be given to bring in a Bill, more effectually reFpeding ttr prevent the dangerous and unconfiitutional Practice Loj^tothr of giving or granting Money to the Crown, as a private Crown. Aid, ’Loan, ’Benevolence, or Subscription, for public Purposes, without the Consent of Parliament;

The House divided. j

The Yeas went forth.

.* '} 40.

Tellers for the Noes, Jg; } 7

So it passed in the Negative.,

A Motion was made, and the Question being pul;, /j\reat7 That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, pranwani to desire, That He will be gracipully pleased to order, America, that there be laid before this House, Copies or Extracts of all Communications from His Majesty’s Am-baflador at the Court of France, or the French Am-baflador at this Court, touching any Treaty of Alliance, Confederacy, or Commerce, entered into between the Court of France, and the revolted Colonies in North

America;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } 4S-

Tellers for,t.Noe,|^«Xr"W } <*

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Dill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, duties ofl upon tho Bill for granting to His Majesty certain "ottfes’ Duties upon all inhabited Houses within the Kingdom o fr Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read, accordingly;

‘ ' . The

0

18 Geo. III. 2° — 30 881

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left: the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

And the House having continued to fit till near One of the Clock on Friday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Offices A Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to and qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and Employment!, to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Lomton; Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) for making Halliwell proper Drains and Sewers, for the Purpose of carrying F'mibury Water from the Prebendal Estate of Halliwell

Sewer*, and Finsbury, in the Suburbs of the City of London, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be read the Third Time, this Day.

Hegiftering Ordered, That the Bill to continue and amend an tlf J>r,ces Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His 0 orn* present Majesty, intituled, An Act for registering " the Prices at which Corn is fold in the several Counties of Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and " imported," be read a Second Time, upon Monday Morning next.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, upon Motiday Wine Duties. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines and Vinegar imported into this Kingdom.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

V1enerisy 3* die 'Afrills;

Anno 18® Georgii III‘U Regis, 1778.

Praters.

Taylor*; A PETITION of several Master Taylors, residing ^^rtiming^ within the Cities of London and or

within Five Miles thereof, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill to explain, and amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the Law s now in being for regulating Master and Journeymen Taylors within the Bills of Mortality, and within the Distance of Five Miles thereof; and Setting forth. Vox.. 36.

That the Petitioners conceive that the said Bill, so fat* from answering the good Purposes pretended thereby, will be very mischievous, and subject the M afters to Extortions, Misbehaviours, and other Inconveniences from the Journeymen, will promote Combinations amongst the Journeymen to demand exorbitant Wages, and prevent Masters from distinguishing and encouraging Merit; and that the Petitioners apprehend, the Laws now in being are, and will be, very sufficient for regulating both Masters and Journeymen, W'ith the following Amendments; viz. To allow and compel the Party giving or receiving unlawful Wages, to give Evidence against the Party receiving or giving such Wages, and to acquit the Party giving such Evidence of the Fast, so far as relates to himself: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, but that the Amendment aforesaid may be made to the Acts, now in being, for regulating Journeymen Taylors.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill for impowering the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, to raise upon the Credit of the Surplufes to arise out of a certain Fund, commonly called the Orphans Fund, the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, towards discharging the Debt incurred in rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate, and a Sessions House adjoining, and for completing the said Gaol, and building an Infirmary thereto; and other the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Oliver, Mr. Alderman Sawbridge, c.: Arid they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Alderman Oliver presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for impowering the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, to make a Street or Opening from Moorfields, opposite Chiswell Street, towards the East, into Bishopsgate Street, and also from the End of Chiswell Street Westward into Barbican; and to raise, upon the Credit of the Surplufes to arise out of a certain Fund, commonly called the Orphans Fund, the Sum of Sixteen thousand Five hundred Pounds, for such Purpose: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Alderman Oliver presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for paving the High Street or Road leading from Aldersgate Bars, in the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldersgate, London, to the Turnpike near the End of Goswell Street, in the County of Middlesex; and for applying the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, to be raised upon the Credit of the Surplufes to arise out of a certain Fund, commonly called the Orphans Fund, for such Purpose: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Arthur Wor fop (heretofore cal led John Arthur) Esquire, to settle a Jointure upon any Woman or Women he may hereafter marry, on the Terms therein mentioned, was committed; That the

10 P Committee

0

Rebuilding Newgate, Be c.

Moorfieldt

to

Bishopsgate, See. new Street*.

Aldersgate

Paving.

Worfop’s

Marriage

SectlendbL

Bishop of Durham’s Estate.

Whitechapel

Paving.

Acomb

Inclosure.

Land Tat

Couiuiilfiouery,

882

3’ yiprills.

A. 1778.

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and t hat the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. llefolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clave ring do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the several Yearly Rents and Copy-hold Fines, payable to the Lord Bishop of Durham, and his Successors, and i(Tiling out of the several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Manor of Howdeii, in the East Riding of the County of York, inTruliees, to be fob!; and for enabling the said Lord Bishop of Durham, and his Successors, to cntranchife the several Customary or Copyhold Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Manor; and for applying the Money, arising from such Sale and Lnfranchisement, in the Marnier therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that (he Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House without any Amendment; and lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refoked, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas do carry "the

Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrafted Bill for paving Parts of the Foot Paths on the Sides of the Great Road in the Parish of Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex; and for preventing ObftmCtions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, and near thereto, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 27. 1. 23. To leave out " or Liberty of His Ma-,c jesty’s Tower of ."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table according!}'.

Refoked, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for paving Parts of the Foot Paths on the Sides of the Great Read, called Whitechapel Road, in the County of Middlesex, and also the several Streets, Lanes, Roads, and Passages opening into the fame; and for preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, and near thereto.

Ordered, That M r. Alderman do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguijli and Mr. Lames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Land, called Acomb Common, within the Regality or Manor of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land " Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service

" of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight," together with those named in Two for* mer Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Laud Tax; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing Corn, Grain, and Flour, imported into the Ports of Portsmoath, Sandwich, Chichester, and

ter, to be landed without Payment of the Duties, under the like Restrictions as Corn, Grain, and Flour, is allowed to be landed at the several Ports mentioned in an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the " Importation and Exportation of Com ;" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing the Re-importation of unmanufactured Tobacco from Foreign Parts, although the same may have been fold Abroad, and the Importation of Tobacco, the Growth and Product of the Ifluiwl of Dominica, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the /fie of Ely, in the County of Cambridge; without any Amendment . And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small DBbts within the Soake of Bolingbrooke and Wapentake of Candlejhoe, in the Parts of in the County of

Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A9: for repairing and widening the Road from Tetbury, in the County of Gloucester, to and through bury, to Chippenham Bridge, in the County of Wilks and from Malmesbury, to the Turnpike Road at or near

Jackament's Bottom, in the said County of and also the Road from Farringdon to from

thence to Malmesbury, and to the Turnpike Road at Alston Turville; and also from to the Turn-

pike Road leading from Tetbury to Bath s without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Roads from Donington High Bridge to " Hale Drove, and to The Eighth Mile Slone, in the Parish of Wig toft, and to Lang ret Ferry, in the County " of Lincoln without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundred of Slow, in the County of without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York, so far as the same relates to the Road from Wakefield to Sheffield; and also One other Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and rendering more eifectual, the said Act; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Barby, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming a Division and Inclosure of the Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, within the Parish of Little in

the County of Bedford, and certain Exchanges of Lands and Estates within the said Parish; without any Amendment: And also,

The

Importation of Corn.

Re-importation of Tobacco.

Isle of Elf Small Debts.

Bolin gbrook* ice. Small Debts.

Farringdon,

See.

Road.

Donington High Bridge Roads.

Stow

Poor.

Leeds

and

Sheffield

Road*

Barbf

Inclosure*

Littte

Berkford

Inclosure.

1

9

ter fall Inclosure.

Leckhampton

Inclosure.

Dolman’s £ flaxes.

Bond’s

Estate.

Darby’s

Dirorce.

Blake’s

Divorce.

De Bruges’s Nat.

18 Geo. III. 3° Apri 883

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Kerf all, in the Parish of and

County of Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows and Failure, Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Ijcck-

hampton, in the County of and several small

Parcels of the said Fields, which extend into the Parish of Cheltenham, in the same County; without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to amend and render effectual an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for vesting the settled Estates of " Robert Dolman, Esquire, and Robert , the

" Younger, in Pocklington and elsewhere, in the " County of York, in Trustees, to be sold; and for " laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments,

" to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses;" to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Elivcs reported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower John Bond, Merchant, and Sarah his Wife, or the Survivor of them, during their respective Lives, to grant Leases of their settled Eliate, in the County of Surrey, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; aind that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Elivesdo carry the Bill to the Lords ;and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Darby, Clerk, with Mary his Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 13th Day of this Inltant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir Patrick Blake, Baronet, with Dame Annabella Blake, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, int ituled. An Act for naturalizing Pierre Theodore De Bruges, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Vol. 36.

Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom Rouflench the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- nftilench mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, iBgi0fUre. Common Ground, and Waste Grounds, within the Manors or Lordships of Roufench and Radford, in the Parish of Roufench, and in the Manor or Lordship of Hoblench, otherwise Abbotfench, in the Parish of Flad-bury, in the County of fVorcester, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the £5th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied *

with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 58 Acres, who refused to sign the Bill; and also the Owner of Acres, who could not be met with; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed amount to 1,307 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill) and that the Parties concerned, except as before excepted, had also given their Consent to the leaving out One of the Commissioners Names; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. James reported from the Committee, to whom The Small* the Bill to enable the Corporation of Trinity House of Liglithcmfe. Deptford Stroud, to establish and maintain a Light House on the Rocks called The Smalls, in George's Channel, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Mariners, and Tradesmen, of the Port of Liverpool, whose Names are subscribed; and also the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Commonalty of the Society of Merchants Venturers of the City of Brifol, under their Common Seal, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir John Goodricke do make the Re- Otley port from the Committee, to whom the Bill for di- and viding and inclosing certain Commons and Waste.

Lands, within the Townships of Otley and New all nc 0 ur

with Clifton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed.

Sir John Goodricke accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given

their

Farish

Apprentices.

Northampton

inclosure.

The Smalls Light House.

Adjournment.

084 Aprilis A. 1778.

their Consent to the Bill* to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of Lands rated at £. 1. 6y. 8 ^d.who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed are rated at £. 57. 4c. ^d.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to amend such Part of an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen intituled, "An Act for the Relief of the Poor," as relates to the binding of Parish Apprentices, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles

Mellish, Mr. Whitzoorth, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Knighlley reported from the Committee, to tvhom

the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parishes of Saint Gyles, Saint Sepulchre, Saint Lawrence, and Saint Andreio, in or near the Town of

Northampton, in the County of Northampton, some or One of them, and which are commonly called or known by the Name of Northampton Fields, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 99 Acres 1 Rood and 34 Perches; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed consists of 749 Acres 1 Rood and 31 Perches; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they ha 1 directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill to enable the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, to establish and maintain a Light House on the Rocks called The Smalls, in Saint George's Channel, be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That this House do now adjourn till Monday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller for the Y, \ } .7.

Tellers for the Noes, j } 56.

So it passed in the Negative.

16

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to His Ma- 0 * jesty, certain Duties upon all inhabited Houses within the Kingdom of Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Robinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Robinson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon KWaiefet i the Sixteenth Day of February last, " That Leave bfc ta&on houm. > " given to bring in a Bill to authorize the Justices " of the Peace for the County of to fell /the

" present Session House for the said County, together " with the Site thereof, and to build another Sessioh House in a more convenient Situation," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. !

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the 13th and 14th of the Resolutions, which, \

upon the 23d Day of March last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, war referred, and . were then agreed to by the Hous^j that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for authorizing the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, to fell the present Session House for the said County, and for enabling them to build another Session House in a more convenient Situation, and to keep the same in Repair.

it

Ordered, That the several Estimates, which were presented to the House by the Lord Barrington, upon the Extra, 26th Day of November last, be referred to the Select Committee, to whom it is referred to consider and examine the Accounts of extraordinary Services incurred and paid, and not provided for by Parliament, which have been laid before this House in the Years 1776,

1777, and in the present Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That the several Accounts, Returns, and other Papers, which were presented to the House by the Lord Barrington upon the 20th Day of January last, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Papers, Accounts, and Copies, which were presented to the House by Sir Grey Cooper, pursuant to their Orders, upon the 28th Day of January last, be referred to the said Committee.

The other Orders of the Day.being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Scotland;

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Duty on House, upon the Bill for the more effectually levying ServanM* of the Duty upon Servants, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve iaself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- ,

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole *n House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

t

London; Halliweil and Finibury Stiver*,

F lover Inclosure.

Byfield

and

Wellrup

Inclosure.

Fenny

Compton

inclosuri.

Lord

Binary’s

Will.

18 Geo. III. 30 — 6°

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for making proper Drains and Sewers, for the Purpose of carrying off the Water from the Prebemlal Estate of and FinJ-

bury, in the Suburbs of the City of London; and for . other Purposes therein mentioned, be read the Third Time, upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lun6° die Aprilis\

Anno iS* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1778. PraVers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pafturps, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Floore, otherwise Fin the County of

Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pafiures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable I^inds and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Floore, otherwise Flower, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Knightley do carry the Bill to the Ivords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of By-'jfield and Westruf, in the Parish of By field, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other'Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of By field and Wefirup, in the Parish of By field, in the County of

Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Knightley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Fenny Compton, in the County of was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable I^ands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Fenny Compton, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Skipicith do carry the Bill to the L6rds, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Goodricke reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exemplifying or inrolling the Will of George late Lord Bingley, deceased, and making such Exem-

plification, or atfefted Copies of thelnrolment thereof Evidence, as well in Ireland as in Great Britain, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Fill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and Yol. 36.

that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the Paid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Goodricke do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for making proper Drains and Sewers, for the Purpose of carrying off the Water from the Prebendal Estate of Halliweil and in the Suburbs of the City of London; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read. ?

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

And the . House being informed that no Counsel attended;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, declaring, that nothing contained in the Act, shall extend to the Sewers of the Tower Hamlets.

And th6 said Clause was Thrice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.' \

Rejblvcd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making proper Drains and Sewers; for the Purpose of carrying off the Water from the Prebendal Estate of Halliweil and the-Suburbs

of the City of London; and for other Purposes therein mentioned. '

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. George Venables Vernon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge acrose the River Taivey, at or near a Place called Morris's Wear, in the Parish of Llangevelach, to -the oppbfite Shore, in the Parish of Llanf in the County of Glamorgan;for making proper Avenues or Roads to and from the said Bridge; for rebuilding or repairing the old Bridge at Upper Forest, in the said Parish of Llanfamlett; and also for repairing and widening the Road from Pentre Brook, near a Place called Aberdumber thy, to the said Bridge at Upper Forest, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House*

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Luther reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of John Bullock, Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, in the County of Chester, in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Money to discharge an Incumbrance thereon; and laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments to be settled to the Uses limited of the said settled Estate, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confeut to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill 10 Q to

Loudop;

Halliweil

and

Finibury

Sewers.

T

4

Tawcy

Bridge.

Bullock's

Estate.

y

Westhav

IndttfJrc.

Pindhom

Harbour.

Army

Extras.

Ditto.

Severn and Verniew FiGieries.

Dundas’s

Estates.

4

886 6° Aprili. A. 1778.

to tthbfHotflb, "Without anyAmendment; undhe defi-veredthe Biftin.at the Clerks Table.

And theiafddjll wps tend the .1Third Titne.

Refotved, That the Bill , do pats.

Ordered, That Mr. 'Lutherdo c^rnr thq' Bill to the ;Lords; and acquaint them, that this Househath agreed to thei;fatne, Without any Amendment.

An iugrqffed Bill for dividing apd inclosing a,certain JConpnon, or Tr^6t of Cotpmonrattle Land, called or ’’knoWn |>y the Name of Moor, within the

Patish and 'M anor 6( Mear, in the County of Was reatd the Third Time.

'Refohed, ;That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Afrfbrdivlding and indosing a certain Common, or Traift df Commonable Land, called or known -by the Name of WeJihm/Moor, within the Parish of Mear, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Tudicaydo carry the‘ Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A'Bid to enable Hector M intro, -Esqirire, to build *md maintain a Harbour and Pier at the Town of Findhorn, in the County of Eight and for res, was read a Second Time.

f?<yofrerf. That the BiH be committed to Mr. Duff, Flr.Oswald, &c.: And they are to meet this After-. noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Elxoes, from the Stdeft Committee, to whom it Is referred to consider and examine the Accounts of extraordinary Services incurred and paid, and not provided for by Parliament, which have been laid before this House in the Years 1776, 1777, and in the present Session of Parliament, acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee, to move the House, that an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, -that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, What there be laid before this House, such Letters, or 'Extracts of Letters, from the Secretary of State, or Secretary at War, to the Treasury, as contain any Bequlfitions for Rum for the Service of the Troops in America.

And Mr. Elwes movedthe House accordingly. ftefolved, That an humble Address be presented to ‘-His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give -Directions, that there be laid before this House, fitch -Letters, or Extracts of -Letters, from the Secretary of State, or Secretary at War, to the Treasury, as contain any Requisitions for Rum for the Service of the Troops in America.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by fitch Members of this -House as are of ‘His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That all the Papers which relate to the 'Extraordinaries of the Army, and which have been predated to the House in the Years 1776, 1777, and the present Year, be referred to the Select Committee, to whom it is referred to consider and examine the Accounts of Extraordinary Services incurred and paid, and not provided for by Parliament, which have beep laid before this House in the Years 1776, 1777, and in the present Session of Parliament.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. PccheU and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Preservat ion of Filli, and regulating the Fisheries, in the Rivers Severn and Verniew, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to authorize Sir Lawrence Dundas, Baronet, and the several other Eersons therein named, to insert, in a Deed

17

of Disposition and Conveyance of Lands and Hereditaments in Scotland, agreed to be settled' by Articles made previous to the Marriage of Thomas Dundas, EsquirC, with Lady Charlotte, his Wife, the like Power of Exchange as is contained in the Settlement made previous to the said Marriage, of certain Estates of the said Sir Laicrence Dundas, in England; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew-.

And the said Bill from the Lords w as read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Mi!ford, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Gross and Nett Produce of the Customs, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Year ending at the iotli of October 1777, in Gross Totals, as nearly as the same can be made out.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Venturers of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, was presented to

the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill to enable the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, to ellablish and maintain a Light-house on the RoCks called the Smalli, in Saint George's Channel; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend the Port of Bristol will be greatly injured by the said Bill in its present Shape: And therefore praying to Ibe heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third Time.; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The Lord Ongleij reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of in the County of Bedford; and for exonerating certain ancient Inclosrtres, within the said Manor and Parish, from the Payment of Tythes, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had direcded him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One} and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An

Account present. d.

The Smalh Light-house.

'Bolnhnrfl

Inclosure.

Nauntort

lucioUire.'

Foreign

Ofcu*.

Streets.

Bolfterftane

loclosure.

18 Geo. III. 6° Aprilis. 887

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields,*Hills, Downs, Pastures, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Naunton, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Hills, Downs, Pastures, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Naunton, in "the 'County of Gloucester.

Ordered, 'ITiat Sir William Gitife do carry the Bill'to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Owners and Occupiers of I-and, in the Counties of Lincoln and 1, employed and made Use of in the Cultivation of Oats, and of several of the Merchants and traders concerned in the Trade thereof; and also the Petition of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, were severally referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Clvair.

Mr. Siblhorpe took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sibthorpereported from the Committee, That he

was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, "Iliat the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman Wilkes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for applying the Sum of One thousand Pounds, to be borrowed upon the Credit of the Surplufes of a certain Fund, commonly called the Orphans Fund,'for the Purpose of opening Communications between Wapping Street and Ratcliff" Highway,

and between Old Gravel Lane and Virginia Street, and for paving certain Streets intended to be built; and also certain other Streets, and public Passages and Places, within the Parishes of Saint George and Saint John of Wapping, in the County of And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Boljlerfione, in the Parish of Ecclesfield, in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given theit Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands of the Annual Value of £. 155. xo.r. who refused to sign the Bill; and also except the Proprietors of Lands of the Annual Value of 46, who could not be found; and that the whole Property entitled to Right of Common upon the Lands intended to be inclosed, is of the Annual Value of 1,306. 10 or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Com--mittee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time. One by One; and, upon the Ques-fion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Vol. 1}6.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendrtients, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dolman’s to amend and render effectual an Act, passed in the Bftatm. Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for vesting the settled Estatei of " Rdbert Dolman, Esquire, and Robert Dolman the " Younger, in Pocklington, and elsewhere, in the

"* County of York, in Trustees, to be sold; and for " laying out the Money, arising by fudh Shle, in thfe * Purchase of other Lands and Hereditkfnetits, to bp settled, in lieu thereof, to the same tJffes," was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring jn a Bill Recruiting # for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines: And that the Lord Barrington, Mr. D'Oyley, and Mr. Bacon, do prepare; and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Elzoes reported from the Committee, to whom De Braga's the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Pierre Theodore De Bruges, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and 'found the iWme to be true; and that the Committee had directed him'to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Elwes do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, w ithout any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Dutie* upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines and Vinegar imported into this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Robinson took the Chair of the 'Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Robinson reported from the Committee, That they bad gone through the Bill, and made federal Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Robinson, according to Order, repotted froth Supply Bill; the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Dutie on for granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon all in- Houh*. habited Houses, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

The First Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being rea*d a Second Time, wkS, upon the Question put thereupon, with an Amendment thereunto, agreed to by the House.

The Second Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, by filling the Blank with " Five " Pounds," being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out the Word " Five," and inferring the Word " Ten" instead thereof.

And

4

American

Colonies.

Committee on the State of the Nation.

Offices a ad Employments.

888 6* — 70

And the Question being put, That the Word" Five " Hand Part of the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

77-

Tellers for the Nom,| Jf/gfVmgf. j 7o.

So, it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Several other of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 12. 1. 5. being severally read a Second Time, upon the Queilkm severally put thereupon, fevered of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

The Amendment in Fo. 12.1.5. being read a Second Time-,

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Amendment be postponed;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Ilefidue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, that no Assessor or Surveyor shall enter any House, for the Purpose of making the Valuation.

And the said Clause was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better securing the Dependency of His Majesty’s Dominions in America, upon " the Crown and Parliament of Great might

be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And a Motion being made. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Two Months.

The other Orders of the Day being read

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been fiamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

Ordered, That the Bill to continue and amend an

Apr'tlis. A. 1778.

Act,.made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for registering the " Prices at which Corn is fold in the several Counties " of Great Britain, and the Quantity, exported and.

imported," be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That this jjoufe will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into ajCoipmittee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more 'effectually I<?v'ying of the Duty upon Servants, in that Part. of Great Britain called Scotland. a.

.. Resolved, That this House.will, upon. Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to-His Majesty. t.

,. t

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve. itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy 7* Aprilis;

Anno 180 Georgii III,a Regis,-1778.

;r

Prayers.

MR. Hnffey reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and allotting certain Open and Common Fields, in the Manor and Parish of Gralley, in the County of Southampton, was committed; and to whom the Petition of James behalf

of his Mother Elizabeth Wellington "N^idow, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure,.had been complied with; and that the Committee had heard Counsel in support of the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Mr. James Wellington, the Propria for of 155 Acres, which are of the Annual Value of £. 69. 15 s.; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed contain 431 Acres, which are of the Annual Value of £. 248. 19.V.} and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read tlte Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Uennikerreported from the Committee, to wrhom

the Bill for better paving and cleansing the Streets and Lanes within the Town of Dover, in the County of Kent, and in the several Parishes of Saint Mary the-Virgin and Saint James the Apostle, in the said Town and County; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be trne; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they hail directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his

Place;

Regi tiering the Prices of Corn.

Scotland; Duties on Servant a.

Supply.

Way 1

and Meani.

'Gratfey

Inclosure.

Dover

Streets.

j

18 Geo. III. 70 Aprilis,889

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Hanrtop An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open luouiure. Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Common Meadows, within the Parish of in the County of Buckingham, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 36. 1. 14. To leave out from "belong" to " in," in Line 17.

I.39. To leave out from " Persons" to " thall," in Pr. 37. 1. 4.

Pr, 52. 1. 1. To leave out from "allotted" to " thall," in Line 6.

Pr. 54. 1. 15. To leave out from " the" to " making," in Line 22.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Billdopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Common Meadows, within the Parish of in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Grenville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ktrton Sir George Howard reported from the Committee, to

Small Debts, whom the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the Recovery of small Debts within the several Parities of Surfleet, Quad-

ring, Donningion, Bicker, IPigtqft, Sutter-

ton, Algarkirke, Fosdyke, Kirton, Framplon, Wiberton,

and Brothertoft, within the Hundred of Kirton, and County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and ho read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the 1 louse.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

AfcWrfgate A Bill for paving the High Street or Road leading Paving, from Jlderfga/eBars, in the Parish of Saint.

without AlderJ'gate, London, to the Turnpike near the

End ol Goftvell Street, in the County of Middlesex; and ibr applying the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, to be raised upon the Credit of the Siirplufes to arise out of a certain Fund, commonly called the Orphans , for fttch Purpol'e, was read a Second Time.

Refold'd, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Hayley, Mr. Alderman Oliver, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Moorfiddj A Bill for impowering the Mayor, Aldermen, and to Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council 1 of.gate, assembled, to make a Street or Opening from -ew siieet. fields, opposite Chijwell Street, towards the Fall, into

Bishopsgate Street, and also from the End of Street, Well ward, into Barbican; and to raise, upon the Credit of the Siirplufes to arise out of a certain Fund, commonly called the Orphans Fund, the Sum of Vot. 36.

Sixteen thousand Five hundred Pounds, for such Purpose, w as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Hayley, Mr. Alderman Oliver, &c.: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Com* Rebuilding mittee, to whom the Bill for impowering the Mayor, Newgate. Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, to raise, upon the Credit of the Surplufes to arise out of a certain Fund, commonly called the Orphans Fund, the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, towards discharging the Debt incurred in re-building the Gaol of Newgate, and a Sessions House adjoining, and for completing the said Gaol, and building an Infirmary thereto, and other the Purposes therein mentioned, is committed; that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, to enable the Sheriffs of the City of London, and the Sheriff of the County of Middlesex, respectively, to remove, keep, and detain, in the New Gaol of Newgate, although the said Gaol shall hot be completed, all or any of the Prisoners committed, or hereafter to be committed, to the County Gaol of the said City and County; and to declare, that the Removal of all or any such Prisoners shall not be deemed or construed to be an Escape in the said Sheriffs of the said City, or in the Sheriff of the said County.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers Morpeth, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the &c*.

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, Row*

for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Morpeth, by or through Mitford, Thropple, Long Wit-ton, and by the North Side of Rothley Park Wall, to Sling Cross, and to the High Cross in Elfdon, in 'the County of Northumberland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Morpeth, by or throngh Mitford, Thropple, Long Wilton, and by the North Side of Rothley Park Wall, to Sting Cross, and to the High Cross in Elfdon, in the County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That Sir William Middleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon Westminster the 23d Day of March last, for Leave to bring in a Court-house. Bill, upon the 15th and 16th of the Resolutions, which were then reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldemten, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That it be an Inftraction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for erecting a Building for holding the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and trahfafting the other public Business of the said City and Liberty, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pechell and Mr.

Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Chippenham Act for repairing and widening the Road from Chip- Bridge penham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Roads.

ToggHill, in the County of Gloucester; and from the

10 R Stone »

﻿Reading

to

v BasingAoke Roads.

Hampstead

Norrey’s

lacloluro.

Henley

upon

Thames

Schools.

Degen’s

Divorce.

Saltney

Marsh

Inclosure,

&c.

Supply Bill Duties on Houses.

890 7° AprilA. 1778.

Stone Pillar, to the Top of in the

laid County of Gloucester; without any Amendment: And also, .

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts, passed in the Fourth Year of King George the First, and the Ninth and Thirtieth Years of King George the Second, for repairing the Highways from Crown Corner, in the Town of Reading, leading by and through the several Parishes of Skin field and Hedtfield, in the several Counties of Berks, Wilts, and Southampton, to Basingstoke, in the said County of Southampton-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming, festablishing, and making effectual, certain Articles of Agreement made and entered into for inclosing and dividing the several Commons called Ealing Common, Ealing Green, and Cooks Hill, in the Parish of Hampstead Norreys, in the County of Berks-, and for exchanging certain Lands in the said Parish; without any Amendment: And also,

'I'he lairds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for uniting the Free Grammar School of James King of England, within the Town of Henley upon Thames, in the County of Oxford, with the Charity School founded in the same Town by Dame Elizabeth Periam, Widow; and for the better Regulation and Management of the said Endowments; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire tl^p Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have paired a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Georg 'hr with

Catharine Furlong, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of Asjheton Curzon, Esqu'ire, on behalf of . himself, the Right honourable Richard Lord and several other Persons, being Owners, Tenants, or ‘ Occupiers, of Messuages, Tenements, and Lands, in the several Manors, Townships, or Places, of Hand-bridge, Breivers Hall, other w i fe Brcwards Halgh, Nether Leigh, Over Leigh, Each, Marljton cum Lack, and Dodleston, in the County of and in the County of the City of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and preserving, a certain Common, or Parcel of Waste Ground, or Marsh, called Saltney Marsh, within the Manor and Parish of Hawarden, in the County of and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; and set-. ting forth, that if the said Bill should pass into a Law . it would be highly prejudicial to the Eiiates and Pro-. perty of the Petitioner, and of the said Richard Lord Grosvenor, and other Proprietors of Lands and Heredi-. taments within the Townships or Places aforesaid: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the'Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be then heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at i the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

;. An ingrafted Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon all inhabited Houses within the Kingdom of Great Britain, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon all inliabited Houses within the Kingdom of Great Britain.

17

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantities of Woollen Goods of all Sorts exported from that Part of Great Britain called England, during the Five Years preceding Christmas lad (viz.) from Christmas 1771 to Christmas 1776; distinguishing the different. Years, and what have been shipped from the Port of London separately, and what have been shipped from the Out Ports, under one general Head, and for what Countries abroad the Entries have been made; and also an Edimate of the Value of such Woollen Goods, as they dand in the Inspector General’s Books: And also.

An Account of all Coals exported from England during the Five Years preceding Christmas lad (viz.) from Christmas 1771 to Christmas 1776, with the Amount of the Duties thereon; distinguishing the Port of London separately, and the Out Ports, under one general Head, and the Counties to which they have been exported; also an Account of Culm and Cinders exported in the same Period; distinguishing the Ports from whence, and the Countries to which, they have been exported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. George Bridges Brudenell reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Edmund Ilar-topp (lately called Edmund Burney), Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body by Ann his Wife, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Har/opp, was committed; That the Committee, had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Money remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1778, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Surplufes, Excelfes, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues of the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, after satisfying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of such Monies as remained in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1778, subject to the Disposition of Parliament, exclusive of the Surplus Monies then remaining of the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Molt honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and

employing,

Account

Wool

and

Coals.

Bunney's

Name.

Atcount;

Surplufes.

Account;

Dispofable

Monies.

Account;

Addrefi

Monies.

Account;

ConviA*.

18 Geo. III.

7® Apr ills.

891

Account; DispoGtion of Grants.

Account; i-7tht Excise.

employing, Convicts on the River and which

have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven have been disposed of, distinguished under their several Heads.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer on the 5th Day of 1778,

on the Two Sevenths Excise, granted by an Act of Parliament of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, for the Half Year then ended.

Account; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an on Account of the Surplus that remained in the Receipt S*bncs* of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1778, of the Deductions of Six Pence in the Pound out of all Monies paid upon all Salaries, Pensions, Annuities, and other Payments from the Crown, after satisfying all Annuities and other Charges then due and payable out of the fame.

Exportation

Bonds.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament,' intituled, "An Act to prevent the clandeliine unshipping from and receiving " Goods at Sea on board Vessels employed in the East India Company’s Service; for ascertaing the Manner of difehiarging Bonds given for the due Exportation of certain Goods from Great Britain to Foreign Parts; and to oblige the Mailers of British or Irish Ships, failing from any of His Majesty’s Dominions " into the Baltic, to deliver a Manifesto of their * Cargoes to the British Consul residing the re," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal such Part of the said Act as relates to the Manner of discharging Bonds given for the due Exportation of certain Goods from Great Britain to Foreign Parts; and to extend such Part of the same Act, as obliges the Mailers of British or Irish Ships, failing from any of His Majesty’s Dominions into the Baltic, to deliver a Manifell of their Cargoes to the British Consul residing the re, to the like Vessels failing into Denmark, Norway, and Archangel: And that Sir Grey Cooper and Mr. Robirjbn do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

and file Affidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do make the Report Supply Bill from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the WineDutk*. Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Du- ties upon Wines and Vinegar imported into this Kingdom, was committed.

Sir Grey Cooper accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Southwark

Paving.

Mr. Polhill preCanted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for applying the Sum of Four thousand ingrossed. Pounds, to be borrowed upon the Credit of the Surpluses of a: certain Fund commonly called the Orphan's Fund, towards completing the Paving of the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Bejolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Hardy reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called Fourjlones Common, within the Barony or Manor of Langley, and in the Parish of1 Warden, in the County of Northumberland, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,’ and found the same to be true; and that the Parties' concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Ordered, That the Bill, with the' Amendments, be

Fourllones

Inclosur*.

Offices Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House an<l to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Employments, upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by I^awr, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admillions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been Jolt or millaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admillions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make Vol. 36.

The House, according to Ordfer, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill* from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Hooke Campbell, Esquire, with Elizabeth Euflacia his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. George Bridges Brudeneltook the Chair of the

Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. George Bridges Brudenell reported from the Committee, That they had heard Gounfel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel, or Party, appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pechcll and Mr. Montagu:

Mr.

Campbell’*

Divorce.

Napton

luclosure.

Greenwich

Hospital

Estate.

Luttrell’s

Marriage

Settlement.

Bolsover

Inclosure.

Tyne

Bridge

at

Hexham.

892 of Aprish. A. 1778.

Mr. Speaker, take the Premises into Consideration, and to make

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An such Order therein as to them shall feemmeet.

Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberties of Nap- amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it ton upon the Hill, in the County of Warwick; with- shall appear to them, to the House: out Amendment: And also, And it is referred to Lord Algernon Percy, Sir Tho-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Act for impowering the Commissioners and Governors Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, County of Kent, to exchange certain Messuages* Lands, and Records.

Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments, belonging to

them, in the Parishes of Almoick, Emblelon, and Wark- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

tvorth, in the County of Northumberland, for other to dissolve the Marriage of Sir Patrick Blake, Baronet, Lands belonging to the Molt noble Hugh Doke of with Dame Blake, his now Wife, and to

Northumberland, in some one or more of the Open enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes Common Fields at Corbridgej in the said County; and therein mentioned, was read.a Second Time, to impower the said Commissioners and Governors to Resolved, That the Bill be committed, grant Leases in Manner therein mentioned; without Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

any Amendment: And also, . of the whole House.

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow enable the Honourable ’temple Simon Luttrell to make Sevetinight, the 15th Day of this Instant April resolve a Jointure upon his intended Wife out of his settled itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Estate, and for making a Provision by way of Equi- said Bill.

valent, in lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Corn-Concurrence of this House. mittee, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Wit>

And then the Messengers withdrew. nesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Counsel, and examine Withefles, against the said Bill, Time. if the Parties concerned think lit to be heard by Coun-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. fel, or produce Witnesses.

Notice being taken that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, and Commons, within the Manor of Bolsover, in the Parishes of Bolsover and Clown, in the County of Derby; which Bill was, upon TueJ'day the 24th Day of March last, read a Second Time, and committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the house. That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second* for repairing and widening the Road from Alemouth, through the Town of Alnwick, to Rothbury, and from, thence to the Town of Hexham; and also the Road; leading out of the aforesaid Road, between Alnwick and Rothbury, to Jockey's Dike Bridge, in the County of Northumberland, was presented to the House* and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for building a Bridge over the River Tyne, at Hexham, in the County of Northumberland; and representing to the House, that it would be advantageous to all Persons resorting to the said' Bridge, if the Road from the South End of the Arch to be built acnofs the Mill Leet, near Hexham, leading South+Eastward to that Part of the Glenu'helt Road |which leads to the East End of th£ Tow» of Hexham aforesaid, and which will be one of the principal Avenues to the Bridge directed by. the said Bill to be built, was put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for executing die; said Act of the Twenty-fifth of his late Majesty, and if they were impowered and directed to amend and keep the same in Repair* instead of that Part of the Roads comprised in the said Act, leading from the Town of along the said Alemouth Road, to where the Road intended to be made from the North End of the said Bridge will come into the said Alemouth Road, as, by reason of the repairing of the new Branch of Road before described the said old Road will become of less Ule to the Public than it now is: And therefore praying the House to

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the several Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade and Commerce of Ireland, be now* read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.. '

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Midletontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

The Lord Midleton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Sibthorpe, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made; from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several -of the Owners and Occupiers of Land, in the Counties of Lincoln and Cambridge, Employed and made1 use of in the Cultivation of Oats, and of several of the Merchants and Trailers concerhed. in the Trade thereof; and also the Petition of tliq Governor, Bailiffs, and Corhmoaalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Feus, were severally referred V That he was directed -by ilie Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining arid amending an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, tf An Act for explaining and amending so much of ait " Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King " James the Second, intituled, " An additional Act " for the Improvement of Tillage," as relates to the " City of London," so tar as the same relates to the Method of examining and determining the Prices of middling English Corn and Grain.

Anri Mr. Sibthorpe moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining and amending an Act, marie in the* Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for explaining and amending so much

Blake's

Divorce

Trade of Ireland.

Culture of Oat*

18 Geo. III.

" much of an Act, made in the First Year of the " Reign of King James the Second, intituled, " An " additional A it, for the Improvement of Tillage," as " relates to the City of ," so far as the same re-

lates to the Method of examining and determining the Prices of middling English Corn and Grain: And that Mr. Sibt/iorpe, Mr. Wyldbore, and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Jn(olv«nt Ordered, That Mr, Whitworth do make the Report Dettors. from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and for the Relief of Bankrupts in certain Cafes, was committed.

Mr. Whit worth accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

The other Orders of the Day being read; land T»x ReJ'ulved, That this House will, upon Mom-

Aircan. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Paper, intituled, " An Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were standing " out at Michaelmas 1777, with the Names of the " respective Receivers in whole Hands the said Arrears " remain, and what Proceedings have been had to " compel the Payment thereof."

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more ell’eftually levying of the Duty upon Servants, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 8® die;

Anno 18* Georgii III1'* Regis, 1778. Prayers.

Supply Bill; \N ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty fe-

W»n« Duties. Jl\. veral additional Duties upon Wines and Vinegar imported into this Kingdom, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines and Vinegar imported intd this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

lirecon Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ

for the electing of a Burgess to ferye in this present Parliament for the Borough of Brecon, in the County of Brecon, in the room of Charles Van, Esquire, deceased.

Exportation Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Bondi. Order, a Bill to repeal such Part of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the Manner of dil'charging Bonds given for the due Exportation of . certain Goods from Great to Foreign Parts;

Vol. 36.

Aprilis. 893

and to extend such Part of the same Act as obliges the Mailers of British or drift Ships, failing from any of His Majesty’s Dominions into the Baltic, to deliver a Mahifeft of their Cargoes to the British Consul residing the re, to the like Vessels failing into Denmark,

Norway, and Archangel: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Sir William Middleton reported from the Committee, Summer to whom the Bill for altering, repairing, and widening. Rods B«f the Road from Summer Rods Bar, near the Town of Ro*d. Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Al/ton, in the County of Cumberland, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed bun to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord Algernon Percy reported from the Committee, Tyne Bridge to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for jjextiam putting in execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Alemouth, through the Town of Almoick, to Rothbury, and from thence to the Town of Hexham; and also the Road leading Out of the aforesaid Road, between Alnwick and Rothbury, to Jockey's Dike Bridge, in the County of Northumberland, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read. And,

Mr. Jonathan Pickernell, Surveyor of the County Bridges in Northumberland, being examined, said, That it would be advantageous to all Persons resorting to the Bridge intended to be built at Hexham, the Road from the South End of the Arch to be built across the Mill Leet, near Hexham aforesaid, leading South Eallward to that Part of the Glenwhelt Road which leads to the Eall End of the Town of,

and which will. be one of the principal Avenues to the said intended Bridge, were put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Alemohth Road, and if they were impowered and directed to amend and keep the same in Repair, inliead of that Part of the Road comprised in the said Act, leading from Hexham along the said Alemouth Road to where the new intended Road will come into the fame.

Mr. John French said. That he was authorized by

Mr. Erringfon, who has contrafted to build the Bridge, to say. That he is consenting. And,

Francis Tioells, Esquire, one of the Jullicesof the Peace who made the Contraft with Mr. Errington, gave it as his Opinion, That the proposed Alteration will be advantageous.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to w born the Bill for building a Stone Bridge across the River Tyne, opposite the Town of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, and for making proper Roads and Avenues to and from the same, is com-10 S mitted;

fcarish Apprentices.

Campbell*

Divorce.

Supply.

894 89 Aprili. A. 1778,

ruitted; that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, directing that the Road to be made from the South End of an Arch to be built across the l^ect, near Hexham, to that Part of the Road

which leads to the East End of the Town of Hexham, shall be amended under the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the ' Road from Alemouth, through the Town of Almcick, to and from

thence to the Town of Hexham-, and also the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road, between Almvick &nt]Ro/hbunj, to Jockey's Dike in the County of Northumberland, instead of such Part of the Roads

comprised in the said Act as leads from the said Town of Hexham to the new Road intended to be made from the said Bridge into the said Alemouth Road.

Mr. Charles Mellish reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend such Part of an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of the Poor," as tyelntes to the binding of Parish Apprentices, was , committed; that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, ..which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the M arr iage of John Hooke Campbell, Esqui re, with ElizabethEujlacia his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pads.

Ordered, That Mr. George Bridges Brudenell do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Island of Saint John, in and ptlier incidental Expences attending the fame, from the ill of January 1778 to the lftof January 1779, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1778, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1777 to the 24th of June 1778, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of East. Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1777 to the 24th of June 1778, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1777 to the 24th of June 1778, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence attending general Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in

" ' *7

North America, for the Year 1778, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishment of the Government of Senega mb ia, on that Part of the Coast of Africa, situate between the Port of Sallee, in South Barbary, and Cepe Rouge, for the Year 1778, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it flood on the 31st December 1777, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplufes, Hated the 5th Day of April 1777, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplufes, Hated the 10th Day of October 1777, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Grey Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Grey Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Grey Cooper also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a, Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House Ways to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gafeoyne took the Chaw of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gafeoyne reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gafeoyne also acquainted the-House,'That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this Ilqufc will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Wavsand Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Whitworth, according to Order, reported from Offices

the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill ami

to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify e,up|o.vium'^ themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to he stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loft or millaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of theexecution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the

Bill,

18 Geo. III.

8° Jprilis.

89S

Culture of OatS.

General

Turnpike

Ad.

Rye

Harbour.

Whitechapel

Paving.

Champer-

uowne*s

Estate.

Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the QuHiion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved, That the Order made Yesterday, " That Leave he given to bring in a Bill for " explaining and amending an Act, made in the Sixth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for explaining and amending so much of an " Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King "James the Second, intituled, "An additional Act " for the Improvement of Tillage," as relates to the . " City of Ijmdon, so far as the same relates to the " Method of examining and determining the Prices of " middling English Corn and Grain, might he read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

The House was also moved, That the Report, which upon the 31st Day of Marchlaft, was made from the Committee, to whom the.Petition of several of the Owners and Occupiers of I^and, in the Counties of Lincoln and Cambridge, employed and made use of in the Cultivation of Oats, and of several of the Merchants and Traders concerned in the Trade thereof; and also the Petition of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, were severally referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refoked, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, refotve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Report.

A Message from the Lords, by. Mr. Pechell and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing so much of an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce " into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws now " in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that " Part of Great Britain called England, and for other " Purposes," as is to subject Carriages, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of lei's Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, to the Payment of Double Tolls, and for vacating Contracts for leafing Tolls; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing so much of certain Duties, as have, by several Acts of Parliament, been granted and continued, for repairing and maintaining the Harbours of Dover and Rye, as are applicable to completing and keeping in Repair the said Harbour in

the County of Sussex; without any Amendment.: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for paving Parts of the Foot Paths, on the Sides of the Great Road, called Whitechapel Road,'u\the. County of Middlesex, and also the several Streets, Lanes, Roads,

and Parages, opening into the fame; and for preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, and near thereto; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Reverend Richard and the Re-

ceiver for the Time being' of the Estates of Arthur Champer noxene, Esquire, au Infant, to grant Leases and Vox.. 36.

Recruiting

Sets of the same Estates, during his Minority; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Refilved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, accord-rngto.Order, a Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruit- . ing of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines: And <wce*. the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refilved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Tufnellpresented to the House, according to Middlesex

Order, a Bill for authorizing the Justices of the Peace, Session House for the County of Middlesex, to fell the present Session House for the said County, and for enabling them to build another Session House iii a more convenient Situation, and to keep the same in Repair; and for applying the Sum of Eleven Thousand Pounds (to be I borrowed upon the Credit of the Surplufes of a certain Fund, commonly called the Orphans towards

defraying the Expence of building the said Session House: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refilved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Laws relating to Sewers.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the -whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend the Laws, now in being, relating to Sewers;

Refilved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third The Small* Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to enable the Cor- Lighthouse. poration of Trinity House of Deptford Stroud, toeltablish and maintain a Light-House on the Rocks called the Smalls, in Saint George's Channel;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

The Lord North reported to the House, That their Addresses of Monday last and Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Papers and Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had bee^presented to His Majesty, and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly!

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectually levying of the Duty upon Servants, in that Part of called

Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to re* port, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Lord North acquainted the House, That he

had a Message from His Majesty, to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker, (all the ^Members of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth; viz.

Answer to Addrefj for Accounts.

Scotlandj Duty on Servants.

Settling Annuities c the Royal Family.

896 April 1778.

VIZORGE R.

His Majesty, being restrained by the Laws now m being from making Provision for His younger Children out of the Hereditary Revenues of the Crown, and being desirous that competent Provisions may be made for the honourable Support and Maintenance of His dearly beloved Sons, Prince Frederick Billiop of Osnaburgh, Prince Prince Ed: card, Prince E Prince

Frederick, Prince Adolphus , and of II isdearly

beloved Daughters, Princess Charlotte Princess Augusta Sophia, Princess Elizabeth, Princess Mary, and Princess Sophia; and for the honourable Maintenance and Support of Prince William Frederick, and Princess Sophia Matilda, the Son and Daughter of His dearly beloved Brother William Henry Duke of Gloucester; His Majesty hopes, that He shall be euabled, by Act of Parliament, to grant an Annuity of Sixty thousand Pounds to the Six Princes, and an Annuity of Thirty thousand Pounds to the Five Princesses; and to grant an Annuity of Eight thousand Pounds to Prince William Frederick, and an Annuity of Four thousand Pounds to Princess Sophia Matilda, the Son and Daughter of the Duke of Gloucester the Annuities to His Majesty’s Sons and Daughters to take effect after His Majesty’s Demise; and the Annuities to the Son and Daughter of the Duke of Gloucester to take effect after the Death of the Duke of Gloucester; and His Majesty recommends the Confederation thereof to this House.

G. R.

Ordered, Nemine Contract That Leave be given

to bring in a Bill, for enabling His Majesty to settle on their Royal Highnesses the Princes Frederick Bishop of Osnaburgh, William Henry, Edward, Ernest

AugujlusFrederick, and Adolphus Frederick, an Annuity of Sixty thousand Pounds per Annum; and also to settle on their Royal Highnesses the Princesses Charlotte Augusta Matilda, Augujla Sophia, Elizabeth, Mary, and Sophia, One other Annuity of Thirty thousand Pounds per Annum; and also to settle on his Highness Prince William One other Annuity of Eight thousand Pounds per Annum, and on her I lighness the Princess Sophia Matilda One other Annuity of Four thousand Pounds per Annum: And that the Lord North, the Lord Barrington, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Cwmcall, the Lord the Lord

Palmer/Ion, Mr. Thomas Mr. Burke, Mr.

Jenkinson , Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. lligby, Mr. Hartley, Mr. Ellis, Lord George Germain, the Earl Nugent, Mr. Baker, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General,-and Mr. Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Trade of The Lord Midleton, according to Order, reported ireiano. from tue Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to take into Consideration the several Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade and Commerce of Ireland, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; wdiich he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, being the Produce or Manufacture of file Kingdom of Ireland, be permitted to be exported directly from the said Kingdom, in British Ships navigated according to Law,

to be imported into any of the British Plantations, or to any of the Settlements belonging to Great on

the Coast of Africa; Wool and Woollen Manufactures only excepted.

itej'olved. That it is the Opinion of this Committee That all Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, being the Produce of any of the British Plantations, or of any

of the Settlements belonging to Great Britain, on the Coalt of Africa, be permitted to be exported from thence into the said Kingdom of Ireland, Indico and Tobacco only excepted.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Provisions of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty several " Rates and Duties upon Glass, and upon Spirituous " Liquors, and for raising a certain Sum of Money " by Annuities, and a Lottery, to be charged on the " said Rates and Duties; and for obviating some " Doubts about making out Orders at the Exchequer, for the Monies advanced upon the Credit of " the Salt Duties, granted and continued to his Majesty by an Act of the last Session of Parliament and also of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty upon all Servants retained or employed in the several capacities therein mentioned; " and for repealing several Rates and Duties upon " Glass, imposed by an Act made in the Nineteenth " Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and for " granting to His Majesty other Rates and Duties " upon Glass in lieu thereof; and for the better collecting the Duties upon Glass; and for repealing the " several Rates and Duties charged by an Act, made " in the Twentyrninth Year of the Reign of his said " late Majesty, upon all Persons and Bodies Politic " and Corporate having certain Quantities of Silver " Plate," which prohibit the Exportation of Glass from Ireland, manufactured in that Kingdom, be repealed, w'ith respect to such Glass exported directly from Ireland to any Places, except to Great Britain.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties now payable on the Importation of Cotton Yarn, being the Manufacture of Ireland, into Great Britain, do cease, and be no longer, paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Sail Cloth and Cordage, of the Manufacture of Ireland, be permitted to be imported from Ireland into Great Britain, free of Duty.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

And an Amendment being proposed to be made thereto, by inserting after the Word " the

Words " or Commodities of the Growth or Manufacture of Great Britain legally imported into Ireland " or Foreign Certificate Goods legally imported from " Great Britain into the fame."

The House was moved. That the Standing Order of the House, of the gth Day of April 1772, " That no " Bill relating to Trade, or the Alteration of the " Laws concerningTrade, be brought into the House, " until the Proposition shall have been first considered " in a Committee of the whole House, and agreed " unto by the House," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put. That the said Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Resolution be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Ordered, That the said Resolution here-committed to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the First Resolution is re-committed.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, upon the Three lait of the said Resolutions now agreed to by the House: And that the Lord Midleton, the Lord North, the Earl Nugent, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Jenkinson, General the Lord

Tof Ireland.

Trade of Ireland.

Otic* and New all Inclosure.

18 Geo. III. 8® — T90 Aprilis. 897

haven, Mr. Grenville, Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. Serjeant Adair, Sir Henry Hoghton, Sir George Savile, Mr. Fox, Mr. Burke, Mr. Thomas Townjhetid, Mr. Charles Jhend, Mr. Turner, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Hartley, and Mr. Conolly, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Frrft and Second of the fntd Resolutions, which have been re-committed.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Midletontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Midletrm reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly. And,

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Townships of Otley and Newall with Clifton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the T1 ird Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, declaring, that if any Allotment is made to the present or any future Lord of the Manor, it shall be taken out of the Archbishop’s Allotment.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then die Amendments following were severally pro-' posed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. to 1. 7. After " thereon " to insert " any " Thing herein after contained, to the contrary notwithstanding."

I. 2i. After " such" to insert " firfj-mentioned."

Pr .25. 1. 8. After " Parliament" to insertM nor " any Lease or Leases, heretofore " made by the said Archbishop "or his Predeoeffors, to or inTrail for the said Vicar of

7 T " Otley, or his Predecessors."

1. 23; At the End of the Line add " or leased as aforesaid to the said "Vicar."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House} and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Towpships of Otley and

Neioall with Clifton, in the West Riding of the County of For*.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

VOL. 36.

Jovisy 9* die Aprilts;

Anno 18’ Georgii III1*' Regis, 1773.

PitATtm.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting certain Oratlev Open and Common Fields, in the Manor and I«cU>sure. Parish of Gratley, in the County of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for making Allotments to Mrs.

Elizabeth Wellington and Mr. Benson Earle.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks, which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr, 4. 1. 14 1 To leave out " Rector of the said ana > " Pari Hi of Gratley, for the Time

.15,3 " being," and insert " surviving

" Com mi (Goner or Commissioners" in (lead thereof.

1. ix). To leave out " his" and insert " their " or his Hands or" instead thereof.

Pr. 13. 1. 11. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to the End of Line 2 8.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,.agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: Aud that the Title be. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open and Common Fields, in the Manor and Parish of Gratley, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Hitjfey do carry the Bill to the;

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Kortiumotoo and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea- Iu«Ioi"re* dows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parishes of Saint Gyles, Saint Sepulchre, Saint.

Lawrence, and Saint Andreio, in or near the Town of Northampton;in the County of Northampton, some or One of them, and which are commonly called, or known by the Name of Northampton Fields, was read the Third Time.

Refdved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and CommoirFiekls, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parishes of Saint Gyles, Saint Sepulchre, Saint -’

rence, and Saint Andreio, in or near the Town of Northampton, in the County of Nfome or One of them, and which are commonly called or known by the Name of Northampton Fields.

Ordered, That Mr. Knightley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Speer, from the Account; Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, DispoGtion at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the ()th Day of April 1778, and the Parts remaining unfati9fied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as followeth, viz.

,wT- An

o

An ACCOUNT shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1777, has been disposed of, distinguished under the fereral Heads, until the 9th Day of

April 1778, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

SERVICES.

For the Wages and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 45,000 Men, including 10,129 Marines, from the lft of January 1777 - -

For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1777 -

Towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1777 -

For the Support and Relief of Seamen worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, not provided for in Greenwich Hospital -

Towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy ——

r

D

CC

n'

CD

Cl

CT

o

se

o

O

o

0§

FT

a. d.

£ I For Ordnance Sea Service ——

g J. For Ordnance Land Service ——

5 \ For defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament

3 I in 1776 -------....

2,223,000 — — 400,805 2 10

465*5°o — —

4,000 — — 1,000.000 — —

For defraying the Charge of 20,734 Men for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, Jersey, and Gaemfey, for the Year 1777 - -

For maintaining His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Ncurfoundland, Gibraltar, the Ceded IJUmds, and Africa, for the Year

*777 -....

For defraying the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Efiabliffiment of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Six Regifnents of Foot, serving in North America, for the Year 1777 -

For the Pay of General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1777 -

Towards defraying the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, For the Year 1777 -

For the Reduced Officers of flis Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1777 ——

For defraying the Charges for Allowances to the several Officers and Private Gentlemen of Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1777 - -

For Pensions to the Widows of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1777 -

Towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services, incurred between the 31st of January 1776, and the id Dav of February 1777, and not provided for by Parliament -

For defraying the Charge of Five 'Hanoverian Battalions of Foot at Gibraltar and Minorca, and for Provisions for the Three Battalions of the said Troops at Gibraltar, for the Year 1777 ——

For defraying the Charge of 12,667 Men, the Troops of the Landgrave of Hesse Cajjcl, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy for the Year 1777 ——

To make good a Deficiency in the Sum voted last Session of Parliament, for the Troops of the Landgrave of Heje Gifel, to the 24th Day of December 1776 ——

For defraying the Charge of a Regiment of Foot of Honan, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, pursuant to Treaty with the Hereditary Prince of llejfe Cajel, for the Year 1777 ——

To make good a Deficiency in the Sum voted last Session of Parliament for the said Regiment, to the 24th of December 1776 -For defraying the Charge of a Regiment of Foot of Waldeck, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, pursuant to Treaty, for the Year 1777 - -

For defraying the Charge of 4,30a Men, the Troops of the reigning Duke of Brvq/wick, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year 1777, pursuant to Treaty For defraying the Charge for Provisions for the Foreign Troops serving in America, for the Yeat 1777 . - -

For defraying the Charge of Artillery for the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1777 -For defraying the Charge of a Regiment of Chaftcnrs, the Troops of the Landgrave of Hejje CaJJel, together with the Subsidy, for the Year 1777, pursuant to Treaty -

For defraying the Charge^of a Regiment of Chafieurs of Hamu, together with the Subsidy, for the Year 1777, pursuant to Treaty -For defraying the Charge of 1,285 Men, the Troops of the Margrave of Brandenburgh Anfpach, including Artillery, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the \rear 1777* pursuant lo Treaty -

To make good a Deficiency in the Sums voted last Session of Parliament, for the Charge of Chafieurs, the Troops of the Landgrave of llejje Cujjil, with the Subsidy, to the 24th Day of December 1776

£. s. d. 117,000 — — 320,111 18 11

*7*7°5 18 1

JL, -

£. 4. d.

648,009 16 5

949.720 11 3

47*78 — 3

*.473 18 6J

*05.279 13 9

93*6*6 8 4

754 12 1

370 —

1,200,602 12 sf

56,074

336,932 1 6$

6,617 5 3*

l8,l8l 15 64

1,013 16 10J

*7*37° 8 2|

93*947 15 8

4M27 17 74

26,053 7 4

36,728 11 8J

16,326 10 >4

39*588 2 4i

4*390 18 44

Sums voted.

£. *- d.

4»°93»3°5 10

79>8i7 17 "

Sums paid.

£ i. d»

4*053*666 1 *$

709*817 17 "

OO

------ — vo

Remains to be paid. QQ

£. #. d.

39*639 1 7i

"%LLi-fr ’stjudjr

c

f* <2

u

r.

0

0

u

D

cq

H-

n'

CD

CL

O"

o

o

c§

FT

QLt

To discharge Purh unsatisfied Claim* and Demands for Expences incurred upon Account of HofpUnU during the late War in Gfcr*

m in\/> appear to be due by the Reports of Mr. Thomas Bishop, late Director of Foreign Hospitals, dated the 28th of March 1777 Towards defraying the Charge of Artillery for the Foreign Troop* in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year

>77 *'....

Towards defraying the Charge of Artillery for the said Foreign Troops, pursuant toTreaties for the Year 1776, out of the like Sum granted last Session for defraying the Charge of Artillery of the Landgrave of Hesse Cajfel for the Year 1776 -

Towards defraying the Charge of Artillery for D° for the Year 1776, out of the like Sum granted last Section for defraying the

Charge of the Artillery of Hunan, from the ift of May 1776 to the 24th of December following.

Towards defraying the Charge of Artillery for D* for the Year 1776, out of the Savings of the Grant of last Section for defraying the Charge of a Regiment of Foot of Iraldeck for the Year 1776 -

— 00 p O 14 5

5.152 13 si

13.973 16

3,383 6 8

403 19 9i

£ 17.761 2 5i

For maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1777 ——

For the Charges of the Civil Establishment of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from 24th of June 1776 to the 24th of

Ju

111

C I /

Q

For the Charges of the Civil Establishment of Eujt Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from 24th of June 1776 to the 24th of

June '111....

For the Charges of the Civil Establishment of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from 24th of June 1776 to the 24th of

June ini ....

For the Expence of the Civil Establishment of the Government of Srnegambia, for the Year 1777 -

For the Charge* of the Civil Establishment of the Island of St. John in America, from the ift of January 1777 to the ift of January 1778 -

For defraying the Expences attending General Surveys of His Majesty's Dominions in North America, for the Year 1777 -

For the Expences of the New Roads of Communication and building Bridges Sn the Highlands of North Britain, for the Year 1777 -Towards enabling the Trustees of the British Mi{feum to carry on the Execution of the Trusts reposed in them by Parliament -

To make good the like Sum, issued by His Majesty* Orders, for the Relief and Benefit of such American Civil Officers and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’* Government ——

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum, which has been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addreftes -

To replace the like Sum, issued by His Majesty V Orders to Mr. Duncan Campbell, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames ——

"To discharga the Arrears and Debts due and owing upon His Majesty’s Civil List on the 5th Day of January 1777 -

To replace to the Sinking Fund the Kke Sum paid out of the same to make good the Deficiency of the Fund fof paying Annuities granted Antso 1758, on the 5th Day of July 1776 , - . - -

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty granted for the Service of the Year 1775* at Lady Day 1777 -

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax granted for the Service of the Year 1775, at Michaelmas 1777 - - .

To make good the Deficiency of the Grant* for the Service of the Year 1776 Towards the extraordinary Expence of His Majesty’s Mint, pursuant to an Act 9* Georgii;

To pay oft* and dii'uharge the principal Sum of £. 1,500,000 in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act 160 Georgii 3d1, and charged upon the First Aids granted for the Service of the Year 1777, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same ---- - x-

To pay oft* and discharge the principal Sum of One Million in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of one other Act 160 Georgii 3d1, and charged upon the First Aids granted for the Service of the Year 1777*, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same -

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them distributed and paid to and amongst the Proprietors of the several fortunate Tickets in the Lottery established by an Act 170 Georgii - - - - .

For Discount on prompt Payments, after the Rate of £.3 pen Cent, per Aim. to the Contributors ofj£. 5,000,000 for Annuities, and of £ 500,000 for a Lottery - - - - . - - - -.- - -

To the Bank of England, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said £. 5,000,000, and 500,000, and for the Charges and Expences attending the preparing and drawing the Lottery, and for taking in Tickets and delivering out Certificates in lieu thereof -

To enable His Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences incurred, or to be incurred, on Account of Military Services for the Year 1777, fyc. and to make good the Charges attending the calling in and re-coining the deficient Gold Coin, viz.

To the Paymatler General of His Majesty *s Forces, on Account of Military Services ——

To the Mailer and Worker of His Majesty'* Mint - - ’ -

To the Bank of England, to reimburse Money advanced by them, and Expences for melting, fluxing, and assaying deficient Gold Coin To Mihvard Roive, Esquire, to be paid over by him to the Exchangers of deficient Gold Coin, on producing Certificates and Affidavits of deficient Money exchanged, <3fc. ——

v /

Towards satisfying the Services unpaid.

There remains in the Exchequer, of Contributions to the Lottery -Deficiency of the Way* and Means to answer the Services -

3>797>63* 9

4 >596 1° 5

2,816 — —

5.950 — —

5,900 — —

5.550 — —

3,000 — —

2,993 5 —

6,997 »3 7

3,000 — ——

32,934 16 6

13,060 3 —

1,87910 6

618,340 9 6i

44,599 13 4$

150,51813 3 _

308,657 3 2

61,388 7

8,83618 8

1.548,444 H 10

1.024.73917 10

500,000 — —

34,20714 2

17,03819 2

793,300 ii 8|

30,70116 93

141.99711 0

44,000 — —

13,996,105 18 9$

3.797.634 9 »°i

4.596

2,81$

5.950

5.900

5.550

3.000

2,993

6.997

3.000

32,934

13,060

1,879

618,340

44-599

150,518

308,657

61,388

8,836

1.548,444

,'°24»739

500,000

24.207

»5,378

to 5

5 —

13 7

16 a

2 —

IO a

9 H

13 4J

13 3

3 2

7

18 8

H 10

10

— —

l4 2

19 2

11 H

16 H

11 6

17 r

00

o

M

o

NO

1

S’

1,660____

a

eg' < — +' n' CD Cl

CT

O

o

GO

’WAYS and MEANS towards answering the fame; viz.

£ * d.

750.000 — — By the Malt Duty continued Anno 1777.

2.000. 000 — — By 4s. per Lib, on Land,

95*83(1 18 Remaining in the Exchequer of the Sinking Fund, for the Disposition ~of Parliament, on the 5th Day of January 1777.

760,363 14 2$ Remaining of the said Sinking Fund, for D°, on the 5th Day of April 1777-

*>939,636 5 9! Of the future Produce of the said Sinking Fund.

4,800 — — Of Monies arisen by Sale of Lands in the Ceded Islands.

L669 3 5J Out of the Produce of the Duties upon Gum Senega and Gum Arabic.

1,391 — 7 Out of the Produce of the feversi Duties directed by Acts of Parliament to

be referred for the Disposition of Parliament, towards the Expences of

defending, protecting, and securing, tire britijk Colonies and Plantations in America.

3,9*9 *3 7 Of Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Disposition of Parliament. 1,500,000 — By Exchequer Bills, to be charged 011 the next Aids to be granted in Parliament.

1.000. 000 , By Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the next Aids to be granted in Parliament.

5.000. 000 — - — By Annuities.

500.000 — — By a Lottery.

200.000 — — Imprest Money repaid into the Exchequer by the Executors of Lord Holland, late

rayma&er General of His Majesty’s Forces.

13,957,613 16 dj

8*493 7$ Deficiency of Ways and Means.

£-J3.996.j05 *8

-l

Mem

The Arrears of fonner Supplies remaining unpaid, for which Money provided, are as follow; rn.

For the late Marine Regiments ....

For the late African Company’b Creditors -

For Georgia BiHs, Residue of £, 15,496. 19s.

Towards building a Lazaret -

For Compensation to Francis Dolby, for certain Damages sustained by him For the Civil liftablishment of Senegambia, for the Year 1776 -

£ d.

10,506 5 af 900 11 10

57® *7 7i

5,oooo-----

6.195 11

5.550 — "

,£.28,7*3 4 6|

Presented this 9th Day of April 1778, by me

W. Speer.

i? Geo. III. 9° Aprilis901

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Scotland; Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the

Duty 00 Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for more effectually levying of the Duty upon Servants, in that Part of Great Britain called , was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

kldosure Lord Edward Bent inch reported from the Committee,

to wlw-n the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields and Commons, within the Manor of

foyer, in the Parishes of Boljover and in the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of luclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Reverend Thomas Wright, who is Owner of about a 75th Part of the Property intended to be inclosed, and who said he would not oppose the Bill; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Glenwhtlt Sir William Middleton reported from the Committee, &oad. j0 whom the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Part of the Road (directed to be repaired by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, from Carlisle to Nezo-castle upon Tyne) near Gleimhelt, to another Part of the Road (so making from Carlisle to Neucastle) upon Shildon Common, in the County of Northumberland; and for making more effectual Provision for the Repair of the said Road, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and ioimd the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

the County of Miildlesex, as is extraparochial, and certain Parts of Magpie Alley and B Street, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the said County, and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; and also for making proper Drains and Sewers, in and near the fame: And the same was received; and read the Firli Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Sir George Robinson presented to the House, accord- Northampton ing to Order, a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and *>*vin8-watching, the Town of Northampton; and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Obliructions, and Annoyances therein: And the same was received; and read the Firli Time. 8

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the „ last Session of Parliament, for the Recovery of Small *

Debts within the several Parishes of ton, Quadring, Donnington, Bicker, Swineshead, Wig-toft, Sutterton, Algarkirke, Fosdyke, Kirton, Frampton,

Wiberton, and Brothertoft, within the Hundred of Kirton, and County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the Recovery of Small Debts within the several Parishes of Surfeet, Gosberton, Quadring, Donnington, Bicker, Swineshead, Wig toft, Al-

garkirke, Fosdyke, Kirton, Frampton, Wiberton, and Brothertoft, within the Hundred of Kirton, and County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Sir George Howard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and amending an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, by Hutton Hall, over Skelton and Cast Sowerby Pastures, undSebraham Bridge, to Chalk Becin the said County;

and also the Road which branches and separates from the same Road upon Castle Sowerby Pasture aforesaid, and leads from thence, through Hejket, otherwi[eHeJket-Newmarket, to Caldbeck, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and amending an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Ma- ' jesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, by Hutton Hall, over Skelton and Castle Sowerby P and Sebraham Bridge, to Chalk Beck, in the said County; and also the Road which branches and separates from the same Road upon Castle Sowerby Pasture aforesaid, and leads from thence, through Hejket, Other wife to Caldbeck, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir James Lowtlier do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Whitworth presented to the House, according to Wethatofter Order, a Bill for erecting a Building for holding the Cwlrt *c* Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and transacting the other public Business of the said City and Liberty; and for applying the Sum of Five thousand Five hundred Pounds, to be borrowed upon the Credit of the Surplufes of a certain Fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, towards defraying the Expence thereof: And the same was received; and read the Firli Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

1*orton raigate Mr. Alderman Wilkes presented to the House, ac-

(London*^ cording to Order, a Bill for paving and repairing the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within such Part of the Liberty of Norton Falgate, in Vol. 36.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pechell and Mr.

Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Martin’*

io U ' far £lbues-

V

002 9 0 Aprilis. 1778.

for veiling the settled Estates of Henry Gentleman, and Elizabeth his Wife, in in the County of Huntingdon, in Trustees, to be exchanged, or to be sold, and the Money laid out in the Purchase of other Lauds and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same L'fes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, stealne’s , The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Estate. for veiling the settled Ellate of Anthony Deane, the Younger, Esquire, in the County of in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, together with other Monies therein fnentioned, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu 1 hereof, to the several ‘Uses therein expressed; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

t

.Martin’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estates. for yelling the settled Estates of Henry Martin, Gentleman, and Elizabeth his Wife, in Elton, in the County of Huntingdon, in Trustees, to be exchanged, or to be sold, and the Money laid out in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Recruiting A Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of

*iie His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, was read a Land Forces. c , ;i~ jf ’

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Stirling A Petition of James Francis on be-

Highways. half of himself, and in the Names, and by the Authority, of several Freeholders, Heritors, and Commissioners of Supply, in the County of was presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner has perused the Bill for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Stirling, as the same has been amended by the Committee, to whom thefame had been committed, and begs Leave to observe, that the said Bill, as it now Hands, makes further Alterations upon the Road Laws of the said County than was known to have been intended when the Counsel for certain Petitioners against the said Rill were heard at the Bar of the House; and that the Bill, as it Hood before going in- to the Committee, deprived such Heritors as had not Lands valued in the Cess Books of the County at £. ioo Scots, of the Right of assessing the County, in what was necessary for the Repair of Roadsand Bridges; as it now fiand6, it deprives Freeholders of that Right, as well as the lesser Heritors; and that the execution of this Act being put into the Hands of certain Trustees named by the Committee, deprives the Justices of Peace and Commissioners of Supply of the Power before vested in them, of making and repairing the Roads within the said County that are not Turnpike Roads, and likewise takes away from the Trustees of the Turnpike Roads the Power of repairing the fame; and that certain Lands within the County of Stirling are not valued in the Cess Books of the said County, though of more real Value than others that are valued; and the ' Proprietors of the said Landis (of whom the Petitioner’s Brother is One) will, by the Bill as it now Hands, be deprived of any Voice as to the Repair of the Roads going through the said Lands, which will be left at the Mercy of others not interested therein, and that the Bill, as it now Hands, interferes with the Rights and Privileges of the Town of Stirling, the Managers of which have had no Notice given them ef any such Attack, and conficlered theijiselves as secured therefrom by

Promises of the Promoters and Agitators of this Bill; they think it peculiarly hard to be thus attacked in the Absence of their Representative in Parliament, who has been suffered to remain in Captivity since the Commencement of the American War, though it is well known and acknowledged this Misfortune happened to him by no Fault of his own, and that every other Field Officer in His Majesty’s Service, who was taken, has been exchanged; and the Petitioner thinks it incumbent upon him to represent to the House, that there are upwards of Forty thousand Inhabitants in the County of Stirling, all of whom, except the Thirty Petitioners for the Bill, desired, that if an Act muH be made, the Damages done in Consequence thereof to Individuals might be ascertained by Juries, or by Arbitrators, as directed in the Act for Preservation of public Highways in that Part of Great Britain called England: And therefore praying. That he may be heard by his Counsel, against the said Bill, why the same may not pass into a Law.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report, be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Pel i-tioner be then heard by his Counsel, againH the said Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks (it;

The House was mov^d, That the Petition of the Undersubscribers, Freeholders, Justices of Peace, Commissioners of Supply, and Herciors, in the County of Stirling, and Burgefiesand Inhabitants of the Burgh of Stirling, which was presented to the House upon the 25th Day of February last, might be again read;

And the same w as read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entries in the Votes of the 24th Day of March InR, of the Proceedings of the House upon the Second Reading of the said Bill, might be read;

And the same was read accordingly.

The I louse was also moved, That the Petition of James Francis Erskine, Esquire, on behalf of himself, and in the Names of^ and by Authority of, f eral Freeholders, Herelors, and Commissioners of Supply, in the County of Stirling, which was presented to the House upon the 30th Day of March lall, together with the Proceedings of the House thereupon, might be read;

And the same being read accordingly;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the,

Question, by leaving out the Words "and that the " Petitioner be then heard by his Counsel, against the " said Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit."

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out Hand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put:

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Williams reported from the Committee, to whom S..Itney

the Bill for dividing, ineloling, and preserving, a certain Common, or Parcel of Waste Ground, or Marsh, °c^r<r' called Saltney Marsh, within the Manor and Parish of Ilarcarden, in the County of Flint, and for other the Purposestherein mentioned, w-as committed; and to whom the Petition of Richard Lord Lessee

under the Crow n of the Manor of in the County of the City of Chcyicr, and in the County of Chester, and also Lord of the Manor of Dodlcjion, in the said County of Chester, as Owner of the Inheritance thereof, and also the humble Petition of the several I\-r-fons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners, Tenants, or Occupiers of Messuages, Tenements, and Lands, in the several Manors, Tow nfh ips, or Places, of Handbridge, Brewers Hall, otherwise Brewards Halgh, .

Nellier Leigh, Over Leigh, Lach, MaHston cum Lack,

‘ '* . and

18 Geo. III. 9® Apriti 903

and Dodlcjion, in the said Cotm'ty of the City of

Chester, and in the said County of Chester, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative, to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said Petition, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that -the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Eliates entitled to Right of Common upon the Land to be inclosed, assessed to the Land Tax at /. 14. 2 s.2 d.per Annum, and that the Whole of the Eliates, entitled to such Right of Common, are assessed at J. 2 11. i6r. 3 d.per Annum) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which thevhad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed, That Cnrzon, Esquire, who petitioned this House upon TueJ-day last, on behalf of himself, the Right honourable Richard Lord Grosvenor, and several other Persons, being Owners, Tenants, or Occupiers of Messuages, Tenements, and Lands, in the several Manors, Town-ships, or Places, of Ilandbridge, Brewers Hall, otherwise Breicards Ha/gh, Nether Leigh, Over Leigh, Lack,

Marljton cum Lack, and Dodlejhm, in the County of Chester, and in the County of the City of Chester, praying to be heard by his Counsel against the said Bill; and which Petition w’as then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, declined being heard by his Counsel, upon the Report of the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Dundas reported from the Committee, to whom Stirling the Bill for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the Highway*. County of Stirling w as committed; and to whom the Petition of James Francis Erjkinc, Esquire, on behalf of himself, an(l in the Names of, and by Authority of, several Freeholders, Heretors, and Commissioners of Supply, in the County of Sti was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition;

.and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in gt the Clerk’s Table; Where the Report was read.

And the Petition of James Francis Esquire,

on behalf of himself, and in the Names, and by the Authority, of several Freeholders, Heretors, and Com- ( missioners of Supply, in the County of Stirling, this Day presented to the House, was again read.

Then the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them urere disagreed to; and the rest were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the l louse; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by His Army Majesty’s Command, Estimate.

Estimate of the Charge of several Augmentations to His Majesty’s Forces, from 25th March 1778 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth;

ESTIMATE of the Charge of several Augmentations to His Majesty’s Forces, from the 25th March 1778 to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days.

Numbers. Pay for 275 Days. Total Charge.

Augmentation to the ift Regiment of Dragoon Guards - !53 — 3*867 3 9 J, n . u 1 .: A

I)" to the 2d Regiment of Dragoon Guards - Like Augmentation to the 3d Regiment of Dragoon 102 2,578 2 6 r 1 i 'V ‘Cl

Guards, and to Eight Regiments of Dragoons 918 — 23,203 2 6 u|4,* a* jiVi "

Augmentation to the 15th Regiment of Light Dragoons - 48 1,221 > — i 'to OC Zjy 1 1# 1 . 1 1 v- . A 30»92 7 3 9

Augmentation to the ift Regiment of Foot Guards - 384 — 4,583 6 8 »/-. n f 1

D° to the Cold/lream Regiment - 247 — 2,944 15 10

D* to the >d Regiment of Foot Guards - - kJ O Levy Money for the Augmentationtothe Dragoon Guards, and Dragoons, at. £. 28. 2. per Man and Ilorfie, for 247 878 2,944 15 10 10*472 iS 4 trul I

1,221 Men and 1 lories ----- -V-D° for the Augmentation to the Three Regiments of Foot — 34,310 2 —

Guards, at £. 5. 5. per Man, for 878 Men - " 4,609 10 — 38,919 12 —

Total 2,099 £ 80,319 14 1

War-Office,

Jlth April 1778.

Bar ring ton.

Vol. 36. Ordered,

feenley upon Thames Schools.

9°4

Ordered, That the said Fftimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for uniting the Free Grammar School of James King of England, within the Town of Henley ujxm Thames> in the County of Oxford, with the Cha-

rity School founded in the same Town by Dame -

Peane’i

fciiate.

9* AprUis.

A 1778.

the Gross and Net Produce of the Customs for the Year 1777, in Gross Totals, as nearly as the same can be made out, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Cecil Wray took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Cecil Wray reported from the Committee, That

helh Periam, Widow; and for the better Regulation they had made a further Progress; and that he was

and Management of the said Endowments.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Press 17. line 35. After, " with" insert " and themajor Part of the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of this Act, shall be deemed the Quo- rum for putting this Act in execution, except in such Cases as by any Bye Law, to be " made in pursuance of this Act, " shall be specified and directed." The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

1 *

Sir Grey Cooper, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Ordered, That General Conway do carry the Bill to That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Two hua-the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath dred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, on Account,

Richmond

Bridge.

agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

The House being informed, that Mr. Smith, from the Commissioners of Richmond Bridge, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Itland of Saint John, in America, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the ill of January 1778 to the ift of January 1779.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Eight hun-- dred and Sixty-six Pounds, be granted to His Majesty,

A Paper, intituled, " Richmond Bridge Cam Account Upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil

Farish

Apprentices.

" for the Year 1

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Anthony Deane, the Younger, Esquire, in the County of Worcester, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, together with other Monies therein mentioned, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the several Uses therein expressed, was read the Firil Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill to amend such Part of an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of the Poor," as relates to the binding of Parish Apprentices, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be. An Act to amend such Part of an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of the Poor," as relates to the binding of Parish Apprentices.

Committee on the State of the Nation*

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into -a Committee of the whole House, to consider'further of the State of the Nation;

Ordered, That the several EstimatesofNavy Debts,

Supply.

Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1777 to the 24th of June 1778.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Seven hundred and One Pounds Ten Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1778.

liefolved. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Nine hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Eafi Plot ida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1777 to the 24th of June

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Nine hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Ffta-blishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 14th of June 1777 to the 24th of June

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Five hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty,

Ordered, J\io.t Mr. Charles Mellish do carry the Bill upon Account, for defraying the Expence of support-

ing and maintaining the Civil Establishment of the Government of Senegambia, on that Part of the Coast of Africa situate between the Port of Sallee, in South Barbary, and Cape Rouge, ior the Year 1778.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Three hnn-

and Accounts of Extraordinary Services and Dispofi- dred and Seventy-two Pounds, be granted to His Ma-'tionalof Grants, together with the Account's of Imports jesty, upon Account, for defraying the Expences at-and Exports to and from North America, which have tending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions been presented to the House from the Year 1756 to in North for the Year 1778.

the present Time, be referred to the said Committee. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordered, That the Account, being the Estimate, of That a Sum, not exceeding One million, be granted to

His

rSe*'.

Trade of lf*laud«

18 Geo. III. ..... 9 Jprili905

His Majesty, towards paying off and discharging the Produce or Manufacture of the Kingdom of Debt of "the Navy. Wool and WoollemManufactures only excepted, or

Resolved, That it is the opinion of this Committee, Commodities of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-three thousand Six of Great Britain, legally imported into Ireland, or Fo-hundred Twenty-one Pounds Ten Shillings and Nine reign Certificate Goods legally imported from Great Bri-Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, to retain into Ireland., be permitted to be exported directly place to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of from the said Kingdom in British Ships navigated ac-the fame, to make good the Deficiency on the 5th cording to Law, to be imported into any of the British Day of July 1777 of the Fund established for paying Plantations, or to any of the Settlements belonging to Annuities, granted by an Act made in the Thirty- Great Britain on the Coast of Africa. first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, towards The said Resolution being read a Second Time, the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1758. was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to The said Resolutions being severally read a Second by the House.

Time, were, upon the Question severally put there- Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, upon, agreed to by the House. who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Hill, or

Bills, pursuant to the Three lad of the Resolutions, The Lord Midleton, according to Order, reported which wereYefterday reported from the Committee of from the Committee of the whole House. to whom the whole House, to whom it was referred to take into

the First and Second of the Resolutions, which were Yesterday reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to take into Consideration the several Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade and Commerce of Ireland, were re-committed, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as foilow-eth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, being the Produce or Manufacture of the Kingdom of Ireland, or Commodities of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of Great Britain, legally imported into Ireland, or Foreign Certificate Goods legally imported from Great Britain into Ireland, be permitted to be exported directly from the said Kingdom, in British Ships navigated according to Law, to be imported into any of the British Plantations, or to any of the Settlements belonging to Great Britain on the Coast of Africa, Wool and Woollen Manufactures only excepted.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, being the Produce of any of the British' Plantations, or of any of the Settlements belonging to Great Britain on the Coast of Africa, be permitted to be exported from thence into the ftiid Kingdom of Ireland, Tobacco only excepted.

The First Resolutiou of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Ordered, That the said Resolution be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the First of the said Resolutions, which has been re-committed.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Midleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Midleton reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

The Lord Midleton accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, being the

Yoi. 36.

Consideration the several Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade and Commerce of Ireland, and w ere then agreed to by the House, that they do prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions now agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Sir Grey Cooper accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder," which was to continue in Force for Five Years from the 24th Day of June 1731, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Tenth, Sixteenth, Twenty-fourth, and Thirty-first Years of his said Majesty’s Reign, and the Fourth and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the Twenty-ninth Day of September 1778, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the'Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for further encouraging and regulating the " Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and for the more " effectual securing the Duties now payable on foreign " Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom," which was to continue in Force from the 24th Day of June 1736, for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Thirteenth, Twenty-fourth, and Thirty-first Years of his said Majesty’s Reign, and the Fourth and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the 29th Day of Septembei' 1778, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Cloathing and Accoutrements " necessary for His Majesty’s Forces, paid out of His Majesty’s Revenues arising in the Kingdom of Ireland, to be exported from thence to the Places where " such Forces are ordered to serve; and for granting " a Bounty upon Flax Seed imported into Ireland for " a limited Time," as relates to the granting a Bounty

10 X upon

Way*

and

Mean*.

Ways

and

Means*

Culrure of Oat?*

Then's

Divorce.

9 66' 90 — i o'

upon Flax Seed imported into Ireland for a limited Time1, which was to continue in Force for Two Years from the lIt Day of January 1776, and from thence to the End of the then next SeflTiou of Parliament; and also another Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of I lis prel’ent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting a Bounty upon Flax Seed, the " Growth of The United Provinces, or of th " Netherlands, imported into Ireland, for a limited " Time," which was to continue in Force for Two Years from the ift Day of January 1776, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament., is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved.That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to Mis Majesty, the Sum of One million Five hundred thousand Pounds be raised, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, onor before the 5th Day of April 1779, to be exchanged and received

in Payment in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usuallybeen exchanged and received in Payment.

The fuid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Monte.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the 3d, 4th, 5th, 7th, and 8th, of the Refold Lions, which, upon the 31st Day of March Jail, were reported from the Committee, who were appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are lit to be revived or continu'd, and were then agreed to by the House, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the Three First of the said Ee,-fohitious now agreed to by the Mouse.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the last of the said Resolutions: And that Sir Cooper, the Lord North, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Connon/l, the Lord If ejlcole, the Lord PalmeMr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Mouse to refulvc itself into a Committee of the whole Mouse, to coufnler further of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Owners and Occupiers of Land, in the Counties of Lincoln and Cambridge, employed and made Use of in the Cultivation of Oats, and of several of the Merchants and Traders concerned in the Trade thereof; and also the Petition of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, were severally referred, and which Report w as re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Siblhorpe took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sibthorpe reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the Mouse wifi please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of (Iverge Chri/ia/hcrDegen,v. \h Catharine Furlong, his now "Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Order of the Dav being, read;

Aprilis. 1778.

Rtfolvedi 'That this I louse will, upon Monday Morn- .'Land T.,r ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole-Mouse, to consider of the Paper, intituled, " An Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes w ere liauding " out at Michaelmas 1777, with the Names of the " respective Receivers in whole Hands the said Arrears remain, and what Proceedings have been had " to compel the Payment, thereof."

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

' ’ " "

1 . y

Veneris, 10° die Apr ilis;

Anno 18* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1778.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to indemnify such Persons as offices have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices anH and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the EmPlu- m"'u-Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stumped according to I^aw, or, having been stamped, have been loll or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly damped; and to give further Time to such Persons as. have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Exe-; cut ion of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Soli-, citors, was read the Third Time.

Resolveed, That the Billdopafs: And that the Title be, An Act; to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough,

Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped* have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give-, further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

Ordered, That Mr. Whikeorthdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a Com- Fowrfionr* mon Moor, or Tract of Wafie Ground, called Four- Incloiuie. Jlones Common, within the Barony or Manor oiJ.anplej/, and in the Parish of H arden, in the County of Northumberland, was read the 'Miird Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal’s: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called Four fonts Common, wfithin the Barony or Manor of Langley, and in the Parish of H arden, in the County of Northumberland,

Ordered, That Sir Charles Hardy do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Edmund JLirtopp (lately Buwv’* called Edmund Bunncy) Esquire, and the Ileirs of his Name. Body by Ami his Wile, to take and ule the Surnaipe, and bear the Arms, of Hartopj), was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable Edmund Il (lately called

r

Culture of Oils.

Fees of ards of

Copy Bold Manors.

T vre

l'i ,d^c at

Hexham.

18-Geo. III. io°

Edmund IViivncy) Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body by Ann his Wife, to take hnd use the Surname, and bear the Arms, of liarfo/ip.

Ordered, That Mr. George do carry

the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. *S7bthonpe, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Owners and Occupiers of Land, in the Comities of Lincoln and Cambridge, employed and made 'Use of in the Cultivation of Oats, and of several of the Merchants and Traders concerned in the Trade thereof; and also the Petition of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, were severally referred, was re-committed; That he was directed hv the Committee to move the TIoufe, that Leave he given to bring in a Bill for explaining and amending an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of I Its present Majesty, intituled,* An Act " for explaining and amending so much of an Act,

made in the lirft Year of the Reign of King James " the Second, intituled, " An additional Act for the " Improvement of Tillage," as relates to the City of Dmdon," so far as the same relates to the Method of examining' and determining the Prices of middling British Oats.:

And Mr. Sihthorpe moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That I.eave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining and amending an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled’ " An Act for explaining and amending so " mufti of an Act, made in the First Year of the " Reign of King James the Second, intituled, " An

additional Act for the Improvement of Tillage," as " relates to the City of London," so far as the same relates to the Method of examining and: determining the Prices of middling British Oats: And that Mr. Sibthorpe and Mr. Wyldborcdo prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

Mr. Coke of Norfolk reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for regulating and ascertaining Fees to be taken by Stewards of Copyhold Manors, was committed; That the Committee.had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they hurl directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Ckrk.’s Tablet: AY here the Report was* read.:

Ordered, That the said Bill, with the Amendments, bo printed.

Lord Algernon Ferry reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Stone Bridge acrois the River 'Tyhe, oppofile the Town of Hexham, in the County of Kyrthumberland, and for making proper Roads and Avenues to and from the same, was commuted; That the Committee had examine! the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report iu his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the 1 louie.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrotfed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Dav, for taking

Vol. 36.

Aprilis. 907

into Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, in-doling, and preferring, a certain Common or Parcel of Waste Ground or Marsh, called Marsh,

within the Manor and Parish of in the County of Flint, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments tiiadeby the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Questiom severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Mefl&ge bvSirFrancis Molyneux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do" desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the TIoufe of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein, mentioned; and also impowering the Lord ArchbiiliQp of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great

tain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Earl of -

moot, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Aflt-nt to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth;

An Act for allowing the Re-importation of unmanufactured . Tobacco from Foreign Pacts, although the jamfe may have been sold abroad, tmd the Importation of Tobacco, the Growth and Product of the Island of Dominicp, under certain Regulations and Restrictions:

An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in execution an Act of this, Seflk>u of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by; a " Land Tax to be rimed in Great for the

" Service, of . the Year One thousand Seven hundred

and Severity-eight," together with thsfe named ,in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax: .

An Act for allowing Corn, Gmin, and Flour, imported into the Ports;of Portsmou

and Chester, to be landed without Payment of the Du-

ties, under the like Ileftricrions as Corn, Grain and Flour, is allowed to be landed at the several Ports mentioned in an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of tire Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation " of Corn:";

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the .-Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce " into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws " now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads " in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes," as is to subject Carriages, hav-

ing

Saltne

Mir(h

Inclosure,

Roy at Assent to Bills.

Royal

Assent to Bill*.

908 10° Ap . 1778.

ing the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, to the Payment of Double Tolls; and for vacating Contracts for leafing Tolls:

An Act for impowering the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, to exchange certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments, belonging to them in the Parishes of Alnwick, and Warkworth, in the County of for

other Lands belonging to the Moll noble Hugh Duke of Northumberland, in some One or more of the Open Common Fields at Corbridgt, in the said County; and to impower the said Commissioners and Governors to grant Leases in Manner therein mentioned:

An Act for further continuing so much of certain Duties as have, by several Acts of Parliament, been granted and continued, for repairing and maintaining the Harbours of Dover and Rye, as are applicable to completing and keeping in Repair the said Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sussex:

An Act for the better Preservation of Fish, and regulating the Fisherie3, in the Rivers Severn and Verniew:

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Soake of Boiingbrooke and Wapentake of Candlejhoe, in the Parts of Lindsey, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of Stow, in the County of Su ffolk:

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Chippenham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Togg Hill, in the county of ; and

from The St ne Pillar to the Top of Old Sodbjiry Hill, in the said County of Gloucester

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made iivihe Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening the Roadsfroih Donington " High Bridge to Hale Drove, and to the Eighth Mile " Stone, in the Parish of Wigtoft, and to Langret " Ferry, in the County of Lincoln

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York, so far as the same relates to the Road from Wakefield to ;and also

One other Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and rendering more effectual the said Act:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Tetbury, in the County of Gloucester, to and through Malmesbury, to Chippenham Bridge, in the County of Wilts-, and from Malmesbury to the Turnpike Road at or near JackamenCs Bottom, in the said County of

Gloucester-, and also the Road from Farringdon to Cricklade, from thence to Malmesbury, and to the Turn-pike Road at ASlon Turville-, and also from Sherftone to the Turnpike Road leading from to Bath

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts, passed in the Fourth Year of King George the First, and the Ninth and Thirtieth Years of King George the Second, for repairing the Highways from Croton Coi ner, in the Town of Reading, leading by and through the several Parishes of Shinfield and Heckfield, in the several Counties of Berks, Wilts, and Southampton, to Basingsfoke, in the said County of Southampton: An Act for paving Parts of the root Paths on the Sides of the Great Road called Whitechapel Road, in file County of Middlesex, and also the several Streets, Lanes, Roads, and Passages, opening into the fame; and for preventing Obllruftions, Nuisances, ami Annoyances therein, and near thereto*

An Act for vesting the several Yearly Rents and Copyhold Fines, payable to the Lord Bishop of Durham, and his Successors, and issuing out of the several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Manor of Howden, in the East Riding of the County of York, in Trtiftees, to be sold; and for enabling the said Lord Bishop of Durham, and his Successors, to enfranchise the several Customary or Copyhold Messuages, I^ands, and Tenements, within the said Manor; and for applying the Money arising from such Sale and Enfranchisement in the Manner therein mentioned:

An Act for establishing and confirming an Agreement, made between the Dean and Chapter of Durham and General Cuthbert Ellison, for the Partition and Division of a Traftof unimproved Land, in the Parish of Jarrow, in the County Palatine of Durham, and the Partition and Division made in pursuance thereof: An Act. to enable John Arthur Worjbp (heretofore called John Arthur) Esquire, to settle a Jointure upon any Woman or Women he may hereafter marry, on the Terms therein mentioned:

An Act to impower John Bond, Merchant, and Sarah his Wife, or the Survivor of them, during their respective Lives, to grant Leases of their settled Estate, in the County of Surrey:

An Act for vesting the settled Estate of John Bullock, Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, in the County of Chester, in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Money to dil'charge an Incumbrance thereon, and laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments to be settled to the Uses limited of the said settled Estate:

An Act for exemplifying or inrolling the Will of George late Lord Bingley, deceastd, and making such Exemplification, or atteiled Copies of the Inrolment thereof, Evidence as well in Ireland in Great Britain:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of Hitcham, in the County of Buckingham:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Manor and Tything of Coate, in the Parish of Bishops Cannings, in the county of : An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Land, called Acomb Common, within the Regality or Manor of HexhamT in the County of Northumberland:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Barby, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for confirming a Division and Inclosureof the Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, within the Parish of Little in the County of Bedford, and certain Exchanges of Lands and Estates within the said Parish:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Kerf all, in the Parish of Kneefall, and County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows and Failure, Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Leckhampton, in the county of ,

and several small Parcels of the said Fields, which extend into the Parish of Cheltenham, in the same County:

An Act for confirming, establishing, and making effectual, certain Articles of Agreement, made and entered into, for inclosing and dividing the several Commons, called Ealing Common, Ealing and Cho&s

*S ' Hill,

R^yal

Afltnt

to

Bills.

N’orthowram

ludofure.

Goodman’s

Fields

Streets.

Spiral fields to

Bishopsgate mw Street

Boinhnrft

inclosure.

Settling Anmritie* on the Royal Family.

Vojl. *6

18 Geo. lit, io°

Hill, in the Parish of Ham in the County of Berks; and for exchanging certain Lands in the said Parish:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows* and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberties of Naplon upon the Hill, in the County of Warwick

An Act for naturalizing Pierre Theodore De Bruges.

Sir John Goodricke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Northou ram, in the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Byng presented to the House, according to Or-

der, a Bill for applying the Sum of One thousand Five hundred Pounds, to be borrowed upon the Credit of the Surplufes of a certain Fund, commonly called the Orphans Fund, for the Purpose of widening certain Avenues leading into Goodmans Fields, in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received j and read

the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Byng presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for applying the Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, to be borrowed upon the Credit of the Sur-plnfes of a certain Fund, commonly called the Orphans Fund, for the Purpose of making a Passage for Carriages from Spital Fields to Bishopsgate StreetAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Boln-hurst, in the County of Bedford and for exonerating certain ancient Inclosures within the said Manor and Parish from the Payment of Tythes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, W’ithin the Manor and Parish of Bolnhurfi, in the County of Bedford; and for exonerating certain ancient Inclosures within the said Manor and Parish from the Payment of Tythes.

Ordered, That the Lord Ongley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord North presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling His Majesty to settle on their Royal Highnesses the Princes Fredet'ick Bishop of Osnaburgh, William Henry, Edward, Ernefi Attgujius, Augufus Frederick, and Adolphu an Annuity

of Sixty thousand Pounds per Annum; and also to settle on their Royal Highnesses the Princesses Charlotte Augujla Matilda, AuguJla Sophia, Elizabeth, Mary, and Sophia, One other Annuity of Thirty thousand Pounds per Annum; and also to settle on his Highness Prince William Frederick One other Annuity of Eight tlrog-sand Pounds per An wan, and on her Highness the Princess Sophia Matilda, One other Annuity of Four thousand Pounds per Annum: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monddy Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Motion was made,- and the Question proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, humbly to beseech His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to order the Proofs which may have been communicated to His Majesty, of the Marriages of their Royal Highnesses the Dukes of G-louCeJter and Cumberland, to he laid before this House.

And the said Motion was,.with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to authorize Sir Lawrence Jfundas, Baronet, and the several other Persons therein named, to insert, in a Deed of Disposition and Conveyance of Lands and Hereditaments in Scotland, agreed to be settled by Articles made previous to the Marriage of Thomas Dundas, Esquire, with Lady Charlotte, his Wife, the like Power of Exchange as is contained in the Settlement, made previous to the said Marriage, of certain Estates . of the said Sir Lawrence Dundas, in ,was read

a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Charles Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Britain, from 26th March 1778 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 274Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of additional Clothing for the Embodied Militia, for the Year 1778.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as felloweth;

fl irii of

titiiW

fu/'> in M

j f 1 V "1 mi fJv

is Y"

Dukes of

Gloucester

and

Cumberland’*

Marriage.

Dundas’*

Estatef*

Estimate.

Ollerton

Inclosure.

910

io° A prills. A. 1778.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of the several Counties in South'Britain, from 26th March 1778 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 274 Days.

3 Battalions of 400 private Men, with the usual Non-commissioned Officers -

to Regiments of 560 private Men with D° -

3 Regiments of 480 with D* — D* -

5 Regiments of 640 — D* — D* -

2 Battalions of 320 — D* D* -

a Regiments of 1,600 — D° — D° -

6 Regiments of 960 — D* — D* -

4 Regiments of 800 — D° — D" -

1 Regiment of 1,200 — D* . D* -

3 Battalions of 240 D* — D* -

1 Regiment of 840 D* — D* -

1 Regiment of 1,240 ‘ D* — D* -

1 Regiment of 720 ' — D# — D* -

1 Battalion of 280 _ D° — > D* -

1 Battalion of 360 — D° — D° -

4 Corps of 120 — D* — D* -

' 2 Corps of 160 ‘ ' D° ' — D* -

1 Corps of 200 — D* — D* -

3 Companies of 80 D* — D* -

*. - - Number*, including Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers. Pay for 174 Days.

Commissioned and 1,407 15,481

d - - 6,370 73>I58 — —

- - i»7*3 19.769 2 —

" - . - - 3.785 42.U3 3 4

- - - 75 6 8,39s 2 —

- . - - - 3.699 41,894 12 —

- - - 6,690 76,898 2 —

- - - 3>572 37,702 8 —

- - - M3° 16,239 t 4

- - - 864 9.946 4 "

- - " 962 "»I97 9 4

" - - *.439 16,013 — 4

- - 813 S,8gi 6 —

- - - 328 3.589 8 —

- - 411 4.749 6 8

- - 580 6,740 8 —

362 3.899 18 8

r 236 2,641 16- 4

' ’ 282 3.24° ’ 1 —

35»699 402,622 9 ~

War-Office, loth April 1778,

Barrington

ESTlMATEof the Charge of additional Clothing for the Embodied Militia for the Year 1778.

' 1

For additional Clothing for 1,540 Serjeants, at 45. id. each Man

For D* for 33,430 Corporals, Drummers, and private Men, at 1 — 5d. each Man

£ d.

3,432 18 4

34,126 .9 2.

War-Office,

10th April 177S.

Barrington.

Total

37.559 7 6

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Lord Edxvard Bentinck reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Ollerton, in the Parish of Ed, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills

22

of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, whiehthey had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterw’ards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabic; Where the Amendments were

Once

18 Geo. III. iod Jprilis. 911

Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One The House being informed that Mr. ttughfon, from by One; and, upon the Question severally put there- the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called upon, were agreed to by the House. in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Housej pursuant

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be to their Orders, ingossed. An Account of the Money remaining in the Receipt

of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of 1778, for

Dinnington Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to the Disposition of Parliament, of the Surplufes, Ex-Inclosure. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open cedes, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, of Fields, Meadow, Carr, Common, and Waste Grounds, the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, after within the Township of Dinnington, in the Parishes of satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances there-Saint Leonard and Saint John, in the County of York, upon: And also,

was committed; That the Committee had examined. An Account of such Monies as remained in the Re-and found that the Standing Orders of the House, ceipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of 1778, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclefure, subject to the Disposition of Parliament, exclusive of had been'complied with; and that the Committee had the Surplus Monies then remaining of the Sinking examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the Fund: And also,

fame to be true; and that the Parties concerned had An Account of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining. Committee (except the Proprietors whose Estates are and employing, Convicts on the River Thames, and assessed to the Land Tax at £.27 per Annum, and also which have not been made good by Parliament: And except one Person, who is Owner of about One Acre also,

.of Land of the Annual Value of 8^.; and that the An Account of the Monies that remained in the Whole of the.Estates included in the Bill assessed to the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer on the 5th Day of Land Tax, are assessed at £. 289 per Annum; and the April 1778, on the Two Sevenths Excise, granted by Whole of the Estates not assessed to the Land Tax an Act of Parliament of the 5th and 6th Years of the are of the Annual Value of £.4. 4?. or thereabouts; and Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose Mary, after satisfying the several Charges and Incum-the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through brances thereupon, for the Half Year then ended: . the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto. And also, .

which they had directed him to report to the House; An Account of the Surplus that remained in the and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the 1778, of the Deduction of Six Pence in the Pound out

Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once of all Monies1 paid upon all Salaries, Pensions, An-

read throughout; and then'a Second Time, One by nuities, and other Payments from the Crown, after satis-Ong^ and, upon the Question severally put there- fying all Annuities, and other Charges then due and Upon, were agreed to by the House. payable out of the fame.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Mr. Hughfon also presented to the House, pursuant ingossed. to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of all Sums of Money which have been Supply BiMj Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses Exchequer Order, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by of this House, and which have not been made good by

Bilb. Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year Parliament.

One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight: And And then he withdrew.

the same was received; and read the First Time. And’the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

An ACCOUNT of the Money remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1778, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Surpluses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, of the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, after satisfying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon:

‘ THE Money remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Sinking Fund, for the Disposition of Parliament, on the 5th Day of April 1778, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, amounts to the Sum of Seven hundred and Three thousand Seven hundred and Ninety Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Three Pence HaHpenney, -

Exchequer, the 10th Day of Ap 1778.

John Hugfffon,

; i(j;i! *o ©uluvijC

7Q t yV" Cfw

Vor.. 36.

Accounts; Sinking Fund.

Difoofable

Monies*

Conri&s.

2-7ths

Excise.

6d. per^. on Salaries/

Address

Money.

914

io° Ap

A. 1778.

To the Honourable the knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

An ACCOUNT of such Monies as remained in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1778, subject to the Disposition of Parliament* exclusive of the Surplus Monies then remaining of the Sinking Fund.

Duty on Sugars, since 29th September 1764 - -

Duty on Melasses, Sc. since 20th November 1767 Duty on Paper, Glass, Sc. since 20th November 1767 «

Money paid on Account of the Militia not raised Subsidy on Rice exported, which was imported Duty-free Duty on Cambrics, Sc. since 1766

Duty ou Apples imported - - - - *

Exchequer, the 10th Day of 1778.

John Hughfoti,

£. s. d.

96 xo

22 18 3

- *57 5 7

2,650

- 1,325 12 8

7x9 9 6

5 —

£ 4,976 17 i£.

is

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

An ACCOUNT of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing, Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament:

The Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing, Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of Niue thousand and Seventy-five Pounds Three Shillings and Eleven Pence.

Exchequer, the 10th Day of April 1778*

John Hughfon.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

An ACCOUNT of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer on the jjth Day of April 1778, on the Two Sevenths Excise, granted by an Act of Parliament of the 5th and.6th Years of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, after fotisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, for the Half Year then ended.

t

Cash remaining in the Exchequer the 5th Day of 1778 -

The Charge for the Half Year then ended - 9,598 14 3I

Surplus of the said Half Year's Produce carried to the Aggregate Fund,

pursuant to the Act of the ift of George the First ..... 11,429 11 8t

£ * 3

d.

7*

21,028 5

Cash remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1778, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, for the Half Year then ended - - £.

31,154 17 84

Exchequer, the 1 oth Day of April 1778.

John Hughfon,

To

18 Geo. III.

io" Aprilis,

9ll

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Surplus that remained in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of 1778, of the Deductions of Six Pence in the Pound out of all Monies paid upon all Salaries, Pensions, and Annuities, and other Payments from the Crown, after satisfying all Annuities and other Charge! then due and payable out of the fame.

Tl IE Surplus remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th of April 1778, of the Deductions of Six Pence in the Pound out of all Monies paid upon all Salaries, Pensions, Annuities, and other Payments from the Crown, after satisfying all Annuities and other Charges then due and payable out of the fame, amounts to the Stun of Forty-six thousand Eight hundred and Twenty-five Pounds.

Exchequer, the 10th Day of April 1778.

John Hug

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all Sum£ of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, ana which have not been made good by Parliament.

r..... 't

To William Boioyer, Gentleman, towards defraying the Expence of printing 1,250 Copies

of such Parliamentary and other Records as His Majesty shall think fit ... To John Hatfelly Esquire, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of the House of Commons ——

To George White, Esquire, towards defraying the Expences incurred by him in Business done by the Authority of the House of Commons, relative to Inquiries into the State of the Poor of this Kingdom -

To the African Committee, towards the Expence of repairing, maintaining, and supporting, the British Ports and Settlements on the Coast of Africa

c

5.000 — — 600 — — r

5PO — n —

13.000 -

19, XOO-----

John Hughfon.

Exchequer, the 10th Day of April 1778.

.3

Dobbin’s

Divorce.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pechetl and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, A11 A ft to dissolve the Marriage of Clotivorthy , Esquire,

with Mary his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Vol. 36.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to refelve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly 1

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Baker took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The other Orders of the Day being read j

Ordered, That the Bill to continue and amemP'au

10 Z A*S»

Googt

Committee on the State of tht Nation*

r

frittering the Prices of Corn.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Recruiting the Land Forces.

Summer Rods Bar Road.

Glenwhelt

Road.

Saltney

Marsh

Inclosure.

9H

iob"i3° Jprilis*

A‘ t'7 7 8 *

Act, made.in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Mis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for registering the Prices " at which Corn is fold in the several Counties of Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and imported," be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this tloufe will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confuler further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

« Resolved, That this House will* upon Monday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will , upon Monday Morning next, refofre itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines.

certain Common, or Parcel of Waft l- Ground, or Mar!!i, called Saltney Marsh, within the Manor and Parish

Hawarden, in the County of ’and for other the

Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Salisbury do carry Die

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act soir veiling the settled Estate of Anthony Deane, the Younger, Esquire, in the County of in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out. the Money arising by such Sale, toget her with otIter Monies therein mentioned, in the Purelmfe of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the several Uses therein expressed, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. bury Brereton, Mr. Phclips&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Deane's

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 130 d Apr ills \

Anno 18* Georgii III"* Regis, 1778.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for altering, repairing, and widening, the Road from Summer Rods Bar, near the Town of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Alfton, in the County of Cumberland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for altering, repairing, and widening, the Road from Simmer Rods Bar, near the Town of hdm, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Alfton, in the County of Cumberland.

Ordered, That Sir William Middleton do carry the Bill to the Dords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Tiventy-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening-the Jioqd leading from a Part of the Road (directed to be repaired by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, from Cprlijle to N upon Tyne) near Glenwhelt, to another Part of the Road (so making from Carlisle to Newcastle) upon Shildon Common, in the County of Northumberland; and for making more ef-. feftual Provision for the Repair of the said Road, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Part of the Road (directed to be repaired by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, from Carlisle to Newcastle upon Tyne) near Glenwhelt, to another Part of the Road (so making from Carlisle to Newcastle)upon Shildon Common, in the County of Northumberland; and for making more effectual Provision for the Repair of the said Road.

Ordered, That Sir William Middleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing,- inclosing, and preserving»a certain Common, or Parcel of Waste Ground, or Marsh, called Saltney Marsh, within the Manor and Parish of Hawarden, in the County of Flint; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title -txs,- An Act for dividing, inclosing, and preserving, a

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act jChamprr-to enable the Reverend Richard Harrington, and the °;>'''ne s Receiver for the Time being of the Estates of Arthur ,rt* Champernowne, Esquire, an Infant, to grant Leases and Sets of the same Estates, during his Minority, - was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to l|dr. Graves,

Mr. Salusbury Brereton,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dohbin’i to dissolve the Marriage of Clotworthy Dobbin, Esquire, Divorce, with Mary his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for paving and repairing the Streets, Lanes, Norton and other public Passages and Places, within such Part Falgate of the Liberty of Norton Falgate, in the County of Middlesex, as is extraparochial, and certain Parts of ' "

Magpie Alley, and Bloffbm Street, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the said County, and for re-, moving Obstructions and Annoyances therein; and also for making proper Drains and Sewers in and near the fame, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whit-worth, Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain DWm»to* Open Fields, Meadow, Carr, Common, and Waste inclosure. Grounds, within the Townlliip of Dinnington, in the Parishes of Saint Leonard and Saint John, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass -. And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Meadow, Carr, Common, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Dinnington, in the Parishes of Saint Leonard and Saint John, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Alderman Hay ley reported from the Committee, Rebuikti^ to whom the Bill for empowering the Mayor, Alder- Newgate, men, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, to raise, upon the Credit of the Surphifes to arise out of a certain Fund, commonly called the Orphans Fund, the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, towards discharging the Debt incurred in rebuilding, the Gaol of Newgate, and a Sessions House adjoining, and for completing the said Gaol, and building an Infirmary thereto, and other the Purposes

therein

18 Geo. III. 130 Aprilis. 915

therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to tite House; and he read the Report in his Place; and-afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Bolfovfr An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Iudoiure. Arable Fields and Commons, within the Manor of Bolsover, in the Parishes of and Clown, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields and Commons, within the Manor of Bolsover, in the Parishes of Bolsover anti Clown, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord Edward Bentinck do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ollerton An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Iadofure. Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Ollerton, ill the Parish of in the County of

Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 37. To leave out from " aforesaid" to " of," in Line 38.

Pr. 28.1.39. After " Uses " to insert." or any " Persons acting as such."

And the said Amendments wire, upon the Question -severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Ollerton, in the Parish of Edwinjtow, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Lord Edward Bentinck do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Tyne An ingrossed Bill for building a Stone Bridge across Budge the River Tyne, opposite the Town of Hexham, in the „ " County of Northumberland, and for making proper mx^am. Roa(js ancj Avenues to and from the same, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building a Stone Bridge across the River Tyne, opposite the Town of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, and for making proper Roads and Avenues to and from the same.

Ordered, That Lord Algernon Percy do Carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Middlesex A Bill for authorizing the Justices of the Peace for m&oq House. j|jg County of Middlesex, to fell the present Session House for the said County, and for enabling^ them to build another Session House in a more convenient Situation, and to keep the same in Repair; and for applying the Sum of Eleven thousand Pounds (to be borrowed upon the Credit of the Surplufes of a certain Fund, commonly called the Orphans Fund) towards defraying the Expence of building the said Session House, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tuf-nell, Mr. Graves, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. '

Vol. 36.

A Bill for erecting a Building for holding the Quar- Wefmrinfler ter Sessions of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Co"" Huu*e' Westminster, and transacting the other public Business of the said City and Liberty; and for applying the Sum of Five thousand Five hundred Pounds, to be borrowed upon the Credit of the Surplufes of a certain Fund, commonly called the Orphans Fund, towards defraying the Expence thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tuf-nell, Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Luttrell’* to enable the Honourable Temple Simon Luttrell to make Manage a Jointure upon his intended Wife out of his settled ett, eroent‘ Estate, and for making a Provision by way of Equivalent, in lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. nejley, Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are lo meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, and proceed upon the said Bill, Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Jervoise reported from the Committee, to whom Basingstoke the Bill for making a navigable Canal from the Town Canal, of Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton, to communicate with the River lVey, in the Parish of Chertsey, in the County of Surrey, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Sir James Tylney Long, Baronet, on behalf of the Right honourable John Earl Tylney, now abroad, was referred; That no Counsel appeared in support of the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Fortnight, the 30th Day of this Instant April.

A Petition of Sambrooke Freeman, of Berkeley in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, Thomas Rajhleigh, of j BartletsBuildings, London, Gentleman, Executor of

the Will of Doctor William Battie, deceased, Anne Penning, of Great Rujfel Street, in the said County of Middlesex, Spinster, Anne Battie, of the same Place, Spinster, and other the Creditors under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament herein after more particularly mentioned; intituled, "An Act for improving and completing the " Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis, from the City of London to the Town of in the County of Wilts," whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was made in the Twenty-fourth Year of King George the Second, for better carry* ing on and regulating the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis, from the City of London West ward, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, which being found ineffectual for the Purposes intended, another Act was made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for improving and completing the Navigation of the said Rivers, from the City of London to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of

Wilts; and that the Commissioners, authorized to put the said last mentioned Act into execution, are impowered to make Orders and Constitutions for purchasing of Locks, Ferries, and Lands, for the Use of the said Navigation, and to purchase and make Towing Paths,

Banks, Roads, Bridges, Ferries, Ways, Wharfs, Locks,

Weirs, Bucks, Winches, Spikes, Dams, Flood Gates.

and

13° Apri

A. 1778.

Bafinestice

CmbL

and bther Engihes, and also to croft and maintain Pounds or Turnpikes on the said Rivers, for the Benefit of the Navigation, and for completing the fame, and aWo to ascertain reasonable Prices to be taken from the Owners of Vessels, for making Use of the Improvements aforesaid, and also to settle the Price of Lockage and Towing, and to rate the Prices for Carriage of Goods, and Fares for the Use of Horsesj and for the more speedy improving and completing the said Navigation, they are further impowered to assign over the said Locks, Turnpikes, Toll-houses, Rates, Tolls, and Duties, or any Part of them (but without Prejudice to the Owners of Locks, Bucks, Weirs, and Winches, then in the said Rivers) as a Security for the Money to be borrowed, and littered thereupon; and that, since '

] ►ailing the said last mentioned Act, the Petitioners, or those whose Adignecs, Trustees, or personal Representatives they are, upon the Credit of the said Act, and with-a view to alfift in carrying the Purposes thereof more speedily into execution, have advanced several Sums of Mouey, after the Rate of Four and an Half per Cent, which are dill owing to the Petitioners; and that the Improvements necessary for completing the said Navigation, according to the Intention of the said last mentioned Act, are not yet iiuished, although nearly the whole of the present Fund, arising from the Money advanced by the Petitioners, is nearly exhauded by the several necessary and expensive Works already made upon the said Rivers, and great Pains have been taken by the Commissioners under the said last mentioned Act, to render the Navigation of the said Rivers complete, and to reduce the Price of the Freight of Goods conveyed thereby; and that the Profits arising from the said Navigation, are barely sufficient to keep down the Intered of the Money borrowed; and, if the Duties arising therefrom should be advanced, will be greatly injurious to the Public, and mult totally defeat the Intention of the said last mentioned Act; and farther setting forth, that the Petitioners have lately perused a Bill, depending in the House, for making a Navigable Canal from the Town of Bajingsioke, in the County of Sout/iampton, to communicate with the River IVey, in the Parish of C, in the County of

Surrey, whereby it appears, that the said Canal is meant to pal's through or near the several Places therein mentioned; and that the Conveyance of Goods and Merchandize between the said Places by or through which the intended Canal is meant to pass, and between 4he said several Places, and the Towns of Reading and Aldermaston, in the County of Berks; and from the said several Places by or through which the said intended Canal is meant to pass, and the said Towns of Reading and Aldermajton, to the several other Places with

which the Navigation of the said Rivers Thames and Isis have any Communication, principally contributes to the Support of the Navigation of the said Rivers; and that, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, not only the Conveyance of Goods from and between the said several Places by or through which the said intended Canal is meant to pass, but also from and between the fame, and the said Towns of Reading and Aldermajton, will in a great Meafare be diverted from -the said Rivers Thames and IJis to the said intended Canal; by Means whereof the Profits arising from the Navigation of the said Rivers must be greatly reduced, and the Commissioners impowered to carry the Purposes of the said Act for improving the Navigation of the said Rivers into execution, will not only be rendered trnable to procure such other Sums of Money as may be required for completing the fame, but the Tolls, Freight, and other Emoluments, arising from the Navigation of the said Rivers, will be insufficient (after keeping the several expensive Works which have been erected and made upon the Banks of the said Rivers -in repair) to keep down and answer the accruing Inhered upon the Petitioners said respective Debts, to the 17

great Detriment of the Navigation of the said Rivers Thames and IJis, and coul'equently to such of the Pub-

lic as derive any present Advantage therefrom, and to the irreparable Loss of the Petitioners, as the Security given to them, under the Faith and Credit of the said Act, will be effectually destroyed: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pais into a Law; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by theiff Counsel, against the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Report lie taken into further Consideration; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Couafel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to J>® heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Sibthorpe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill lor explaining and amending an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign ofs His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for explaining and amending l'o much of an Act, made in the First Year of " the Reign of King James the Second, intituled,

" An additional Act for the Improvement of Tillage,"

" as relates to the City of London," so far as the same relates to the Method of examining and determining the Prices of) middling BritisOats: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

llefolved. That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Henry , Gen-

tleman, ami Elizabeth his Wile, in Elton, in the County of Huntingdon, in Trustees, to be exchanged, or to be sold, and the Money laid out in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Rcfotved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. WylxL bore, Mr. Tounijhend, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Boljterftone, in the Parish of Ecclesfield, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr„ 21. 1. 36, After " Grounds" to insert "being " Part of the said Commons and " Waste Grounds."

Pr. 23. 1. 3. After " Fine," to insert, "or Foregift.’4

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refolxxd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and-Waste Grounds within the Manor of fione, in the Parish of Ecde$fidd, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir John Goodricke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossfed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Darby, Clerk, with Mary his Wife, and to euable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that bo Counsel, or Party, appeared before the Committee, to oppose the Bill and that

th*

Culture

of

hti.

ElUui.

Bolfterftom

Inclosuio*

Darby*!

Divorce.

Supply W?]I; Duties oil House*.

Supply Bill; Wine Dutia» Sec.

Hill»well and Finlbury Sevrert. (London.)

Morpeth,

See.

Road.

Byfield

and

Westrup

Inclosure.

Fenny

Compton

inclosoie.

Northampton

Inclosure.

Wellhay

Inclosure.

Flower

Inclosure.

Hanflop

Inclosure*

Dirs’ Nat,

18 Geo. III. 130 Apritis.917

the Committee had gone through-the Rill, and made fevef.-U Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majel'ty certain Duties upon all inhabited Houses, within the Kingdom of Great Britain} without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines and Vinegar, imported into this Kingdom; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making proper Drains and Sewers, for the Purpose of carrying off the Water from the Prebendal Ellate of Halliioell and Fin in the Suburbs of the City of London, and for.Other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

Thfe Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Morpeth by or through ford, Thropple, Long Wit-ton, and by the North Side

of Rolhley Park Wall to Sting Croft, and to the High

Criffs, in Ei/'don, in the County of Northumberland,

without any Amendment: And also, -

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act so,r dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, and Li hert ies,> of Byfield and Westrup, in the Parish of Byfield, in the County, of Northamptoni without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,.;An Act for dividing and inclpftug the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, and Grounds, of, and within the- Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Fenny Compton, in the County of Warwick} without any Amendment: And also, .:

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, and Grounds, within the Parishes of Saint Gykf, Saint SepulchreSaint Lawrence,

and Sainl Andrew, in or near the Town of Northampton, in the County of Northampton, some or one ot , them, arid which are commonly called or known by the Name of Northampton Fields / without any Amendment: And also, ' 1....

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Cdftimon, dr Tract of Commonable Land, called or known'by the Name of Westhay'Moor, within the Parish of Meur,'

in the County of Somerset; without any Amendment r

And also, _ 1 ':

The Lords have agreed to th£ Bill, intituled,' Ari: Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields," Common Pastures,; Common Meadow, add other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Pafilh, and Liberties* of Floore,< otherwise Flou er, in the County of Northampton without rifty Amendment: And all’o,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Common Meadows, within the Parish of Havjlop, in the County of Buckingham } without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act (for Vox.. 36.

naturalizing Court Henry Dirs; to which the Ix>rds desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The I-ords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Phillippe Befnard; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

Aud then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for applying the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, to be borrowed upon the Credit of the Surpluses of a certain Fund, commonly called the Orphans Fund, towards compleating the Paving of the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for applying the Sum of One thousand Pounds to be borrowed upon the Credit of the Sur-plufes of a certain Fund, commonly called the Orphans Fund, for the Purpose of opening Communications between Wapping Street and Ratcliff Highway, and between Old Gravel Lane and Virginia Sheet, and for paving certain Streets intended to be built; and also certain other Streets, and public Passages and Places, within the Parishes of George and Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex, was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Byng, Mr. Polhill,&c.: And thdy are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

‘ A Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Town of Northampton, and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances, therein, was read a Second Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill'be committed to Mr. Powys, Mr. Knight ley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

\ ' -

Mr. Pottys reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures* Common Meadows, Cdmmon Grounds, Heath, arid Waste Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Maidford, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the

Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Bills of inciofure, had-been-complied-with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame1 to be true; and that die Parties coridemed had -given their Corifent to the Bill* to the' Shtisfeftioni of the Committee; and that' the Committed had'gone through the Bill, and made several- Amendments thereunto; which they had' directed him to report- to the TIoufe; and he read the? Report in'his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, intfct the- Clerk’s Table: "Where the Amendments were Once read throughout/ arid then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the’ Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. - >

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments,- be ittgroflWi , - .

i! ‘ .:' x 1 . .:. 1 1 /. , . \

Mr. Knightley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Copimon Fields*.Common Pastures, Common

Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the-Parish and Liberties of Wootton in the County of Northampton, was committed; That live, Committee had examined and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

1 x A and

Brfntrd’t

Nat.

Southwark.

Paving.

Wapping.

Street*.

Northampton

Paving*

Maidford,

Inclosure*

Wootton

Inclosure.

pi8 13° Aptilis. A. 1778.

Wooton and that the Parties concerned had given their Con-Inclosure. sent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Proprietor of Five Yard Lands and an Half, who refused to give his Consent to the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed, amount to FifityYard Lands or thereabouts;) and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the <House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill for obliging the Parties to pay their own Expences.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, x Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Settling Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Ro\«i upon the Bill for enabling His Majesty to settle on Family. their Royal Highnesses the Princes Frederick Bishop of

Osnaburgh, William Henry, Edward, Emefi Augujhis Augufius Frederick, and Adolphus Fredericks Annui-

ty of Sixty thousand Pounds per Annum; and also to settle on their Royal Highnesses the Princesses Charlotte Augufia Matilda, A ugujta Sophia, Elizabeth, Mary, and Sophia, One other Annuity of Thirty thousand Pounds per Annum; and also to settle on his Highness Prince William Frederick, One other Annuity of Eight thousand Pounds per Annum, and on her Highness the Princess Sophia Matilda, One other Annuity of Four thousand Pounds per Annum, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly:

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rigby took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rigby reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Rigby accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directod him to report to the House, and he read the Report in hi» Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be mgrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Recruiting Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ludt Forces. *° re ^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the speedy artd effectual recruiting of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, be now" read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in Members n« the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King Wit- 10 Ham and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for grant- Cj"n''rrna

" ing to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties Coiur&a*

" upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors,

" for securing certain Recompences and Advantages " in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall " voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against " France," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for restraining any Person, being a Member of the House of Commons, from being concerned himself, or any Person in Trust for, him, in any Contraft made by the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, the Commissioners of the Navy, the Board of Ordnance, or by any other Person or Persons, for the Public Service, unless the said Contraft shall be made at a public Bidding;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

(Sir Philip Jennings )

Tellers for the Yeas,< Clerke, > 71.

(Mr. Turner )

} SO-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Sir Philip Jennings Clerke, Sir George Yonge, Sir Edward Af.ley, Mr. Turner, Mr.

Thomas Townshend, Colonel Barr the Lord Ongley,

Mr. Powys, Mr. Cator, Mr. Alderman Oliver, Miv

Dunning, Mr. Byng, Lord George GMr. Fredel rick Montagu, Mr. Burke, Mr. Serjeant Adair, Sir Jo-feph Maxobey, tfnd Mr. Popham, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the Second Reading of the Bill to continue and amend an Act, *of made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for registering the Prices at which Corn is fold in the several Counties of " Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and iraported," be now read. ’

And the said Order being read accordingly t

The said BiH was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the BiH be committed to a Committee of the whole House.:

Resolved, That this House, wiH; upon Thursday Fortnight, the 30th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill. , ;:

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper he added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the 3d, 4th, 5th, 7th, and 8th of the Resolutions, which, upon the 3 ill Day of March last, were reported from the Committee who

wero appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or -

near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, and were then agreed to by the House.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Expiring Order, a Bill to continue the several Laws therein *awl-mentioned, relating to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder *, to the further-encouraging the Maaufacture of British Sail Cloth, and tb the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth;

*0 the granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of tire Growth, Produce, or' Manufefture of any of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, directly to Foreign Parts; in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law } to the farther Punishment of Persons going

-t armed

18 Geo. III.

13° Aprilis. 919

armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; to the prohibiting the Importation of light Silver Coin of this Realm, from Foreign Countries, into Great Britain or Ireland, and to restrain the Tender thereof, beyond a certain Sum; to the granting a Bounty upon Flax Seed imported into to the better regulating of Pilots, for the conducing

of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and Isle of Thanet; and to revive and continue so much of an A made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

trtinin Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to

amend, and render more effectual, the Laws relating to the railing and training the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes therein to be mentioned: And that Mr. Sir

Cecil Wray, and Sir George do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

The Small* Ordered, That Jhe Order of the Day for the Third

Lighthouse. Reading of the ingrafted Bill to enable the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond to establish and maintain a Light House on the Rocks called the r Smalls, in Saint George's Channel, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

And the Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Venturers of the City of Bristol, under their Conimon Seal, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the said Petition, and went through his Evidence.

Then the Counsel for the Bill was heard, and examined a Witness in Support of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pals;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } 5 7‘

Tellers for the Noes, JJr: } zu

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond to establish and maintain a Light House on the Rocks called the , in Saint

George'

Ordered, That Mr. James do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 9th Day of April 1778, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Vpi. 36.

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies paid td~

Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing, Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charles Townshend took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charles Townshend reported from the Committee, That they had come to several ftesolutions^ which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charles, Tmonshend also acquainted the House,

That he was directed, by the Committee, to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Mean*, consider further of Ways and Means, for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Money remaining '

in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1778, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Sur-plufes, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, of the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of such Monies as remained in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1778, subject to the Disposition of Parliament, exclusive of the Surplus Monies then remaining of the Sinking Fund, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Surplus that remained in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1778, of the Deductions of Six Pence in the Pound, out of all Monies paid upon Salaries,

Pensions, Annuities, and other Payments from the Crown, after satisfying all Annuities, and other Charges then due and payable out of the fame, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1778, on the Two Sevenths Excise, granted by an Act of Parliament of the 5th and 6th Years of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, for the Half Year then ended, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left, the Chair.

Mr. Robinson took the Chair of the Committee, v

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Robinson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Robinson also acquainted the House, That he was

directed

910 13° Aprilis. A. 1778.

directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Resolved, That this House will, To-tnorrow Morn-

Leave to fit again. ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday upon the said Bill.

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the

whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means An ingrossed Bill for the more effectually levying of Scotland; for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. the Dntv upon Servants, in that Part of Great Britain on

’ called Scotland, was read the Third Time. er*«ou.

A Bill to repeal such part of an Act, made in the Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Boodt. Session of Parliament, as relates to the Manner of be, An Act for the more effectually levying of the Duty

discharging Bonds given for the due Exportation of upon Servants, in that Part of Great Britain called certain Goods from Great Britain to Foreign Parts; and Scotland.

to extend such Part of the same Act, as obliges the Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to

Mailer of British or Irish Ships, failing from any of the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

His Majesty’s Dominions into the Baltic, to deliver

a Manifest of their Cargoes to the British Consul residing The Lord North presented to the House, by His there, to the like Vessels failing into Denmark, Norway, Majesty's Command,

and Archangel, was read a Second Time. An Account of the Money issued at the Receipt of Account;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Re- American

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee verifies, pursuant to His Majesty’s Orders, to be ap- Loyalifti.

of the whole House. plied and paid for the Relief and Benefit of sundry

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Go-upon the said Bill. vernment.

Bill And the Title of the said Account was read.

Exchequer j A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by The said Account is as followeth;

Bill*. __ Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

1

An ACCOUNT of the Money issued at the Receipt, of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, pursuant to His Majesty’s Orders, to be applied and paid for the Relief and Benefit of sundry American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government.

To MilwardRome, Esquire, between the 5th Day of Januay 1777 and the 10th Day of

February 1778

c *

56,680 a 6

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the.Members of the House.

Land Tax Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Arrears. to ref0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Paper, intituled, " An Account of " what Arrears of Land Taxes were Handing out at " Michaelmas 17.77, with the Names of the tespective " Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears remain, " and what Proceedings have been had to compel the " Payment thereof," be now read.

" And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker Jcfl the Chair.

Mr. Brett took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Mr. Brett reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Infalvent Motion being made. That it be an Inllruftion Debtors, to the Committee, to whom; the Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and for the Relief of Bankrupts in

certain Cafes, is re-committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for excluding John Norman, late Deputy Customer of His Majesty’s Customs at the Port of Carlisle, from the Benefit of the said Bill, on Account of the Sum of £. 469, the Residue of a Debt, and Colls, for which he is now charged in Execution upon a Judgment obtained against him in His Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, at the Suit of John Lawfon, an Officer of His Majesty's

Customs j

And the House being informed, that a Person attended at the Door, who could give the House forqc Information relative to the Matter under Consideration;

He was called in; and, at the Bar; examined in relation thereto.;

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That it be*an Inllruftion to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and for the Relief of Bankrupts in certain Cafes, is re-committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for excluding John,

late Deputy Customer of His Majesty’s Customs at the Port of Carlisle, from the Benefit of the said Bill, on Account of the Sum of £. 46c), the Residue of a Debt, and Colls, for which he is now charged in

Execution

Papists

Dttfd*

and Wills.

Laws

relating to

Sewers.

Dover

Streets.

Stirling

Highways.

Settling Annuities on the Rnal Family.

18 Geo. III. 130 — 14* Aprilis. 921

execution, upon a Judgment obtained against him in ' His Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, at the Suit of John Lattfon, an Officer of His Majesty’s Customs.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers: And that Mr. Mr. and

Mr. Holt, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itfejf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend the Laws now in being relating to Sewers.

And then the House adjourned till To*morrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is.

Anno Georgii III. U Regis, 1778. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for better paving and cleansing the Streets and Lanes within the Town of , in the County of Kent, and in the several Parishes of Saint Mary the Virgin and Saint James the Apojile, in the said Town and County, and for removing and preventing Nnifances and Annoyances therein, was read the Third Time.

Rc/olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets and Lanes within the Town of Dover, in the County of Kent, and in the several Parishes of Saint Mary the Virgin and Saint James the Apojile, in the said Town and County, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Henniker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Stirling, was read the Third Time.

llefolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Stirling.

Ordered, That Mr Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the Third Reading of the Bill (uow ingrossed) for enabling His Majesty to settle on their Royal Highnesses the Princes Frederick Bishop of Osnaburgh, William Edward, Emef Augustus, AugujluFrederick, and Adol-

phus Frederick, ah Annuity of Sixty thousand Pounds per Annum; and also to settle On their Royal Highnesses the Princesses Charlotte Augujla Matilda, gujla Sophia, Elizabeth, Mary, and Sophia, One other Annuity of Thirty thousand Pounds per Annumand also to settle on his Highness Prince William One other Annuity of Eight thousand Pounds per Annum, and on her Highness the Princess Sophia Matilda, One other Annuity of pour thousand Pounds per Annum, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle on their Royal Highnesses the Princes Frederick Bishop of Osnaburgh, William Hairy, Edward, Ernef Augustus, Au-

gujlus Frederick, and Adolphus Frederick, an Annuity of Sixty thousand Pounds per; and also to

settle on their Royal Highnesses the Princesses Charlotte Augufia Matilda, Augujla Sophia, Elizabeth Mary, and Vox.. 36.

Sophia, One other Annuity of Thirty thousand Pounds per Annum-, and also to settle on his Highness Prince William Frederick, One other Annuity of Eight thou fund Pounds per Annum, and on her Highness the Princess Sophia Matilda, Otic other Annuity of Four thousand Pounds

Ordered, That the Lord do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Anne/leyreported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act , to enable the Honourable Tem to make

a Jointure upon his intended Wife, out of his settled Estate, and for making a Provision, by way of Equir valent, in lieu thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill jto the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time,

Bejblved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Amu fey do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for impowering the Mayor, Alder men, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, to raise upon the Credit of the Surplufes to arise out of a certain Fund, commonly-called the Orphans Fund, the Sum of Forty- thousand Pounds, towards discharging the Debt incurred in rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate, and a Sessions House adjoining, and for completing the said Gaol, and building- an Infirmary thereto, and other the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass And that the Title be. An Act for impowering the Mayor; Aldermen;

- and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, to raise upon the Credit of the Surplufes to arise out of a certain Fund commonly-called the Orphans Fund, the Sum of- Forty thousand Pounds, towards discharging the Debt incurred ah. rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate, hud-a^Sessions House adjoining, and foF completing- the -said. Gaol, and building an Infirmary thereto, and other the Purposes therein mentioned. ' — > K

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Haylef ^carryfthe Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.;

Mr. Ord, according to Order, repotted frdm the Committee of the whole House, to whom1 the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolvO the Marriage of Thomas Darbyi Clerk; with Mary his Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committal, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and whiph they had directed him to report to the House; and he read-the Report in jiis Piaoe; -and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read, and are as followeth;

Press 4. I. 41. After " are" inlprt not," and after " shall" insert <( nqitj’’ apd leave out front " deemed’' to " the" in Press 5. 1.1.

The fia.id Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, more effectually to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of 11 B Chris

Luttrell’s

Marriage

Settlements

XefeuilJing

Newgate,

&c*

Darbyi

Divorce*

thrift Churcife

Middlefe*

Poor*

‘ i

X

9^2

14* Apr

A. 1778.

Christ Church, in the County of to purchase,

hire, or erect, a Workhouse, for the employing and maintaining the Poor of the said Parish; and for the more effectual Support and Employment Of the Poor therein, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Landlords, or Owners, and Leaseholders, of Houses and Estates, in the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, and who are several of them also Vestrymen of the feme Parish, on behalf of themselves, and others; and also the Petition of several Vestrymen, Parishioners, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, on behalf of themselves, and others, were severally referred j That no Counsel appeared in support of the said Petitions; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed' him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made, by the Iloul'e, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Dirty Lane, Mr. Alderman Hayley reported from the Committee, in to whom the Bill for widening, paving, and improving, 'pavi r C’ Dirty Lane, and Part of Brick leading from

D*‘ Whitechapel to Spitaffields, in the County of Middlesex, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Thomas Berney Bramston, Esquire, was referred; That no Counsel appeared in support of the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto, which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Race; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: "Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said BUI;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Befoboed, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Tower A Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual. Hunter an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign fm*U Debt*. 0£ Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of " finall Debts within the Toiver Hamlets," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Hayley, Mr. Color, &c.: And they are to meet

jth» Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Tawcy An ingrafted Pill for building a Bridge across the River

Bridge. Tavoey, at or near a Place called Morris's Wear, in the Parish of Llangevelach, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Llanfamlett, in the County of for

making proper Avenues or Roads to and from the said Bridge; for re-building or repairing the old Bridge at Upper Forest, in the said Parish of Llanfamlett; and also for repairing and widening the Road from Pentre Brook, near a Place called , to the said

Bridge at Upper Forest, was read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, that the Trustees shall not 21

carry the Road over certain Lands, without Coufont of the Owners.

And the said Clause was Thrice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for enabling the Owners of certain Collieries to, make Waggon Ways and Canals.

And the said Clause was Twice read with a Blank, which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill by way of Ryder, declaring, that the Trustees shall not damage any Waggon Way or Canal.

And the said Clause was Thrice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill dq pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building a Bridge across the River Tawey, at a Place called the Wick Tree, in the Parish of Llanfamlett, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of

Llangevelach, in the County of Glamorgan; for making proper Avenues or Roads to and from the said Bridge; mid also for repairing and widening the Road from Pentre Brook, near a Place called , in

the Parish of Saint John's, near Swansea, to the said intended Bridge.

Ordered, That Sir Herbert do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for applying the Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, to be borrowed upon the Credit of the Sttr-plufes of a certain Fund, commonly called the Orphans Fund, for the Purpose of making a Passage for Carriages from Spilal Fields to Bishopsgate Street, was read

a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Byng, Mr. Alderman Wilkes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for applying the Sum of One thousand Five hundred Pounds, to be borrowed upon the Credit of the Surplufes of a certain Fund, commonly called the Orphans Fund, for the Purpose of widening certain Avenues leading into Goodman's Fields, in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Byng, , Mr. Alderman Wilkes, &c.: Aud they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Brett, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Paper, intituled, " An Account of what Arrears of Land 1 axes were Handing " out at Michaelmas 1777; with the Names of the respective Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears " remain, and what Proceedings have been Imd to " compel the Payment thereof," the Resolution? which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That there are large Arrears of Land Tax, for the Year 1776, remaining unpaid.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That there are large Arrears of the Land 'lax, due at Michaelmas last, remaining unpaid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the proper Officer do call on the Receivers of the Land Tax, to pay into His Majesty’o Exchequer

forthwith.

Spital Fit Ids 10

Bishopfgitt

new Street.

Goodman’!

Field*

Street.

Land Tax Arrears.

i8 Geo. III.

14® Apr

forthwith, all the Arrears of Land Tax due on Michaelmas Day last.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

House Duty Ordered., That there be laid-before this House, ah

Arrears. Account of what Arrears of the Duty on Houses and Windows were (landing out at Michaelmas last, with the Names of the respective Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears remain.

Mr. Powys reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for better repairing, amending, and widening, Roads. the Roads leading from Brampton Bridge to Welford Bridge, and from Mortar Hill to Chain Bridge, in the County of Northamp; and also from Mortar Pit Hill and Brampton Bridge aforesaid, to the Town of Northampton; and for repealing several Acts, made in the Eighth Year of King George the First, and the Twelfth and Twenty-third Years of his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to rejiort to the House and he read the Report in his Place.; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Dire*

Nat.

Bethard’s Nat.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Court Henry Dirs, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Phillippe Be/nard, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Account; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Sugar. Account of the Quantity of Raw Sugars exported from Great Britain into Ireland, from the Year 1774, specifying the Port from which the same was exported;

Account; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Expom to Account of the Duties arising on all Goods, W ares, and Ireland. Merchandise, exported from Great Britain into Ireland, from the Year 1774.

Account; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Duties arising on all Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, imported from Ireland into Great Britain, from the Year 1774.

African

Trade.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Fortnight, the Fourth Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Trade to Africa.

Recruiting The House, according to Order, resolved itself into the a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Land Forces, speedy and effectual Recruiting of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which tliev had directed him Vol. 36.

.023

to report, tv hen the House Will please-to receive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Eltoes presented to' the House, according to P»pifls’

Order, a Bill for allowing-farther Time for Inrohnent ^*"1*

of Deeds and Wills made by Papilis, and for Relief of Protestant purchasers: And the same was received; and read the Fil’d Time.

Resolved, That the BHl:;be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Quebec Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Government intituled, "An Act for making more effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of 2uebee, in North America," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas S Mr’ Thomas }

1 ellers lor tue x eas,£ Mr . j 54-

Tellers for tl.o Noes.f } 9«-

So it paflTed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do make the Report supply, from the Committee of the whole Hoqfe, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Simply granted to his Majesty.

Sir Grey Cooper accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the farpq were read; and are as fol- N loweth; viz. . , ..; .

Resolved, That it is -the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, pot exceeding Thirty-eight thousand Four hundred Ninety-three Pounds Two ShilHugs. and Seven Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1777. , \

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee-That the Sum of Nineteen thousand One hundred Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to make good to His Majesty the like Sum, which has been issued by ilis Majesty’s Orders, in pursuance of the Addreflies of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Snap not exceeding Nine thousand and Seventy-five Pounds Three Shillings and Eleven, Pence, be granted to His Majesty. to replace; the like Sum, which has been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, to Mr.

Duncan Campbell, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing, Convicts on the River Thames.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do make the Report Ways mi from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Mean*, was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the -Supply granted to His Majesty.

Sir Grey Cooper accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in ait the Clerk’s Table: Where the same w?re read; apa are as fol-Ioweth viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Seven

hundred

9H Jmlis 1778.

hundred and Three thousand Seveu hundr ed and Ninety Pounds Eighteen ^Shillings and Three Pence Halfpenny, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1778, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen of the Surplufes, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund, commonly called the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Two Millions Two hundred and Ninety-six thousand Two hundred and Nine Pounds One Shilling and Eight Pence Halfpenny, out of such Monies as shall or may arise of the Surplufes, Excelfes, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Four thousand Nine hundred and Seventy-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1778, fub-ject to the Disposition of Parliament, exclusive of the Surplus Monies then remaining of the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Forty-six thousand Eight hundred and Twenty-five Pounds, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1778, of the Deductions of Six Pence in the Pound out of all Monies paid upon all Salaries, Pensions, and Annuities, and other Payments from the Crown, after satisfying all Annuities and other Charges then due and payable out of the fame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Thirty-one thousand One hundred and Fifty-four Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eight Pence Farthing, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1778, of the Two Sevenths Excise, granted by an Act of Parliament, made in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, for the Half Year then ended, be carried to and made Part of the Aggregate Fund; and that the said Fund be made a Security for’ the Discharge of such Annuities, and other Demands, payable out of the said Sum, as the growing Produce of the said Two Sevenths Excise shall not be sufficient to answer.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such of the Monies as shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, after the 5th Day of April 1778, and on or before the 5th Day of April 1779, of the Produce of the Duties charged by Two Acts, made in the Fifth and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, upon the Importation and Exportation of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, be applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question l^verally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, bp brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Sir Grey Cooper, the Lord North, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Cornwall, the Lord Westcote, the Lord Palmerston, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Robin/on, do prepare, and bring in, the iiune.

Account; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Sail Cloth. Account of the Quantities of Foreign Sail Cloth and Cordage imported into Great Britain, for Ten Years last pail; distinguisiiing each Year, and the Places from whence the same have been imported.

The I Ioufe, according Order,' resolved itself iutt> Jixiwwion a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal such Part: of an Art, made ,in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the Manner of discharging Bonds given for the due Exportation of certain Goods from Great Britain to Foreign Parts; and to extend such Part of the same Act, as, obliges the Master* of British or Irish Ships, failing from any of His Majeti v's

Dominions into the Baltic, to deliver a Mar.:fell of their Cargoes to the British Coni'ul residing the re, to the like Vessels failing into Denmark, and

Archangel.

cm

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Whitworth took the Chair of the Committeo,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. . - .

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrow-Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Supply Bfllj a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Exchequer raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Ms. Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bijl, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into & Committee of the Law

whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend the relatin Laws now in being relating to Sewers. *°

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. wcn’

Sir Cecil Wray took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Cecil Wray reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be now receiv ed.

Sir Cecil Wray accordingly reported from the said

Committee the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to, the House; and he read the Report iri his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the;Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill,:With the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow . Morning, Tun of the Clock.

18 Geo. Ill

H — >5

9H

Mercurii, 15* die;

Anno 18° Georgii IIIlU Regis, 1778.

P R A y v.r s.

Culture of A RILL for explaining and amending an Act,

Oau. Jl\. made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His pre-

font Majesty, intituled " An Act for explaining and " amending so much of an Act, made in the First Year " of the lleign of King James the Second, intituled, " An additional Act for the Improvement of Tillage," " as relates to the City of lumdvit,'’ so far as the same relates to the Method of examining and determining the Pi ices of middling British Oats, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rejbbed, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 30th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Riittington Mr. Slbthorpe reported from the Committee, to

Ioctosure. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Common Fen, Cow Pah tire, and other Commonable Lands, in the Pari Hi of Ru/kington, in t he County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Qtiehion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

fiiKthoni

Harbour.

Sir Archibald Edruonfone reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Hector Mu'nro, Esquire, to build and maintain a Harbour and Pier at the Town of FindJiorn,\nthe County of Elgin and Eorres, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to he true;apd that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. '

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Bason Skynnerand Mr. Baron Ilotham: " ‘

Mr. Speaker,

Settling The Lords have agreed to the Bill; intituled, An Act for Annuities enabl ing His Majesty to settle on their Royal Highnesses "I1 thej the Princes Frederick Bishop of William

Family. Heim/, Edward, Ernest Augustus

and Adolplws Frederick, an Annuity of Sixty thousand

Vol. 36.

Pounds per Annum: and also to- settle on their Royal -Highnesses the Princesses Charlotte Angufia *'

Augufia Sophia, Elizabeth, Mary, and Sophia, one other Annuity of Thirty thousand Pounds per Annum; and;' also to settle on his Highness Prince William Frederick one other Annuity of Eight thousand Pounds per An--: num, and on her Highness the Princess Sbphia Matilda oue other Annuity of Four thousand Pounds per An-T num: without any Amendment. .

And then the Messengers withdrew,

t , i . }

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and

Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Scotland; Act for the more effectqally levying of the Duty upon Duty ° Servants, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland 7 Servantfc without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act Bennett’* for veiling the settled Estates of Thomas Bennett, the Eft* Younger, and Elizabeth his Wify, ip Trustees, to be . conveyed in Exchange for dther Estates of greater Value, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill,'intituled, An Act for Campbell’* empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Estates. Scotland to fell such Parts and Portions of the entailed Estates of Sliawfield, and others, in the Counties of

Lanark and Argyle, belonging to Walter Campbell, of Shaw field, Esquire, as 111 all be sufficient for Payrnept of the Debts aflefting the fame; to which the Lords desire . the Concurrence of this House: And also,

' The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sutton’* veiling Part of the settled Estates of Sir Rqhert Sutton, Efate* deceased, in the County of Lincoln, in S\r.Richard ton. Baronet, in Fee Simple; and for veiling certain Lands of the said Sir Richard Sutton, in in *

the County of Nottingham, in the Archbilliop of York and his Successors, in Fee Simple, in Exchange for tire Mansion House, Park, and Lands, of the said $ir Richard Sutton, called Norzvood Park and Mea-

dmv, in the said County of Nottingham, now held by f lip; said Sir Richard Sutton, upon Lease for Lives; and for ‘ veiling the fame, together with other Lands of the said-Sir Riahard Sutton, in the County of Nottingham, in

lieu of the said settled Estates; to which tfyeLqrd&d.e-fire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bennett’* for veiling the settled Estates of Thomas Bennett, the Estate*. Younger, and Elizabeth his Wife, in Tmllees, to be conveyed in Exchange for other Estates of greater Value, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Ref0bed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Sutton’s for veiling Part of the settled Estates of . Sir Estate*.

Sut (of, deceived, in the County of Lincoln, in Sir Richard Sutton, Bpranet, in Fee Simple; and for veil-; ipg certain Lapds of the said Sir Richard Sutton, in Eastthorpe, in the County of Nottingham, in the Arch-bishop of York, and his Siicpeifors, in Fee Simple in Exchange for the Mansion Hqtrfe, Park, and Lands, of the said Sir Richard Sutton, called Norwood Park, and If all Meadow, in the said County of Nottiiigham, now-held by the said Sir Richard Sutton, upon Lease for Lives; and for veiling the fame, together with other Lands of the said Sir Richard Sutton, in die County of Nottingham, in'lieu of the said settled Estates, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

‘ An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dar^.,$

11 C to Divorce.

1

15’ Aprilis. A. 1778.

to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Clerk, with

Mary his Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Elzves do carry the Bill to the Lords; and . acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordiliips.

Northowrara Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and nc 0 ure* Waste Grounds, within the Township of.

in the.Parish of Halifax, in the County of York, was reaid a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Goodrickc, Mr. Tmonjhend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of Locks and Winches on the River Thames, below the Influx of the River Kennett, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Locks and Winches on the River Thames were erected, and are still kept up, for the Benefit of the Navigation of the said River; and that, by Two late Acts, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of King George the Second, and in the Eleventh Year of ' His present Majesty, for better carrying on the Navigation of the said River Thames, the Owners or Occupiers Of the said Locks and Winches are obliged, under severe Penalties, to keep up and reiiair the same (which are very hazardous and expensive Works) for the Benefit and batter carrying on of the said Navigation; and that, to enable the said Owners and Occupiers to defray the Expences of keeping up and repairing such Works, the Commissioners empowered to execute the said Acts, have allowed to the said Owners and Occupiers a certain Toll on every Barge passing through or by the said Locks; and that the Petitioners observe., by the Votes, that Leave hath been given to bring in a Bill for making a navigable Canal from the Town of Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton, to communicate with the River Wey, in the Parish of Chertsey, in the County of Surrey; and conceive, that if such Canal should be made, great Part of the Trade now passing the Thames Navigation will be diverted into another Channel, and the Tolls arising from such Trade no longer be paid to the Petitioners, greatly to the Diminution of the Income established by the Legifla^ ture for keeping up and repairing the said Locks and Winches, notwithstanding which, the Petitioners will still be obliged to be at the same Expence in keeping up and repairing the said Works; and that, should the said Bill pass into a Law, it will very much injure the Petitioners, and greatly reduce the said Fund established by the Legislature, and even render the same inadequate to the Purpose intended of keeping up and repairing the said Works: And therefore‘praying. That they may be heard,' by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill passing into a Law, or that they may have such other Compensation or Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Consideration; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said BHl, against the said Petition.

Sir Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee,

who were appointed to inquire into the Measures which Puoiftimmt have been adopted and pursued, for carrying into exe-

cution an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign ai)<j of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to autho- H-uJcnxiur. * rize, for a limited Time, the Pnnilhnient by hard " Labour of Offenders, who, for certain Crimes, are " or Ilia.il become liable to be transported to an v of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations," and also into the Effects produced by the said Act; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

That the Committee had inquired accordingly; and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at fb<t Clerk’s Table: Where the same w as read; and is as followreth; viz.

Duncan Campbell, Esquire, informed your Committee, That he was appointed, by the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, Ovorfeer of the Convicts, in July 1776 — -That he was directed to provide a Ship of 240 Tons to receive the Convicts, to the Number of 120 — That he provided a Ship called the Jufiitia, of about 260 Tons — That there were no particular Orders given him about the Maimer of fitting it out — That he adopted the Mode uled in Transjiort Vessels, which are employed in conveying the d roops which Government send out, by trying Two Tier of Beds, one above another, Five Feet den Inches between each Tier — That in Transport Vessels only Five Feet are allowed between each Tier — That he allowed the Men Eighteen Inches Width each, which he believes is the Allowance in Transport Vessels — That lie soon found that Mode of laying them was not proper, and he was adviseil to alter it, and to endeavour to give the Men more Iloom; he then pulled down the Cabins, and adopted One general Platform on each Deck, which is the Plan that now exists, only inliead of allowing Eighteen Inches Width to each Mhn lie allows Two Feet — -That he adopted the Plan of Matting, but when the Mats were loose the Prisoners pulled them about, and were carclcfs of them; upon which he ordered them to be nailed upon the Platforms —

That at first many of the Convicts, or their Friends, brought Blankets; those who did not he provided with a Rug, so that each Man had a Rug to cover him —

That there w as besides a large Sheet of Canvas allowed to each Mels of Six People — That Plan was continued till April 1777, when it was necessary to make Provision for 120 Convicts more — That the First Convicts came in August 1776, and on the 10th of OBuber following he nude a Report to the Secretary of State, that there wrere 84 then on Board, none of whom were side - — That a little before, and after that Time, 64 Convicts came from Maidstone, and other Gaols — That he thinks the Itifeftion then came among the Prisoners, as they began to droop and sicken very felt — That upon the 28th of November in the same Year, he made another Report, when it appeared, that Three were then dead of those who came from the Country Gads —

That they appeared sick when they came — That tin: next Report he made was in January 1777, when Eight Men had died. Six of whom, were those from the Country Gaols — That between the Two last Reports he had received on board Twenty Prisoners more, and from that Period the Infection extended itself ainioft through the whole Ship — That the Ship is now made more roomy by the Second Deck — That in March or April he was called upon to provide another Ship of the same Tonnage as that of the Jufiitia, which he did, for Convicts mostly from Affixes- — That he put one of his own Jamaica Ships there, of a!>out 260 Tons Burthen, as he could not find any in the River fit for the Service — That he heard of a Man of War that Government intended to fell, and in June he applied to the Secretary of State for his Assistance to obtain it, in order that he might have it before the hot Weather,

which

18 Geo. III. 150 April is.927

which was then approaching — That he bought the Ship, of Biscuit, and substituted Rice in the Room ?of pease — Punishment

which was 731 'Ions Burthen — That he fitted it up. That this Change was made in November or December _ .

and had the Convicts removed from out of his Ship — 1776; and in the Spring of 1777 he altered the Bread ri°^d

That lie was assisted by Mr. Banks and Mr. Solander, to 5 lb. as he thought 4 lb. and an Half was too little — HardLabour.

in forming the Hospital, and they advised him to pro- That he took his First Plan from the Allowance in

tide Hammocks for the Convicts, which he did, but he Workhouses, which is 15 Ounces to each Person —

soon found that they did not answer the Purpose, they That he continued the ^lb. of Bread till January 1778

being too hot, although each Man had one to himself — — That he thinks that Allowance is sufficient — That he

That in the mean Time he was preparing the Platforms likewise gives each Man One Quart of Small Beer

— That he tried the Hammocks one Month, and found Four Days in the Week, the other Days they have the Men grew more sickly in them — That he thinks Water — That he was afraid of the Water at Woolwich,

the Hammocks were not proper for the Men — That but he found that the Navy filled there — That in Sum-

they did not like them themselves, as they found them mer he adopted a Filtering Stone, which is filled 4 or

inconvenient, on Account of their Chains — That they 5 Days before the Water is drank — That it is fine

hail Hammocks at the latter End of June and the be* Water, and that he drinks it in his own Family — That

ginning of July — That the Hammocks were aired every the Men have a Pump at their Command — That they

Day — That he went often to see the Prisoners — That are allowed Three Half Pints of Small Beer a Day

he fmclt no ill Smell among them, in either of the when they work in Woolwich Warren, but no Ale is

Hulks — That the Loss on board the Censor, in July allowed them — That the Friends of the Convicts

and August, was Three to One, in Proportion to that brought them Provision at first, which he forbad, as

of the Jujlitia — In September and October it was Two they conveyed Saws and other Instruments for their

to One, and in November it was nearly equal; from Escape — That in January last he allowed 6 lb. of

that Period the Censor has been healthy, and the most Bread a Day to each Mess, but has altered it since

healthy of the Two — That there are 370 Men on board to 5 lb. and an Half, as he thought 6 lb. was too much j

both Vessels; 249 on board the Censor — That 125 is besides which, the Men have Four Quarts and an Half

the greatest Number that ever was on board the of Broth Five Days in the Week — That they have

Jujlitia — That there are Eleven Men sick on board Rice Broth for Breakfast — That he thinks their Al-

both Vessels — That the Beds fold up against the Sides lowance is better than the Navy Allowance — That in

of the Vessels, so that there is a Space in the Censor of Winter he gives them Salt Provision, for Fear the Ice

20 Feet, and in the Jujlitia of 17 Feet — That there is should prevent their going on Shore-rThat the Law has

a Row of large Port Holes in the Sides of each Deck, made no Provision respecting their Work; no Mention is

which are open in the Night, except when it Rains — made in the Act wrhere they were to land the Ballast — *

That the Prisoners can open those Port Holes — That That he got Authority from the Trinity to work

the Ju/titia is 7 Feet high in the Lower Deck, and on Shore below Woolioich, blit not above — That hfe 5 Feet 6 Inches and an Half high in the Upper Deck; also got Leave from the Board of Ordnance to and the CenJ'oris 6 Feet 1 Inch high in the Upper Deck, make use of a Piece of Marsh Ground adjoining and 5 Feet 6 Inches and an Half high in the Lower to the Warren, and then he began to land Bal-Deck — That in October last he adopted the Plan of last, in order to make a Bank — That he saw he Straw Beds, instead of Mats — That each Bed is Six could be of Use to the Warren, by making an Em-Fcet long, and Four Feet wide, which is for Two Men; bankment; and he got Leave to make it. — And be-and every Two Men have a Blanket to cover them, ing asked. Whether all the Convicts were employed? which are aired frequently — That he has received on he said. That he has Six Lighters to 120 Men; but Board both Vessels 632 Prisoners, whereof 176 have can employ only 10 or 12 Men to each Lighter, the died, viz.from August 1776 to the 21st of April 1777, rest are idle on Board; but when they come to the

34; from the 21st of April to the 30th of May; 13; Embankment, they are all employed — That after the from the 30th of May to the 2 7th of October, 79; from First Month, the Whole were employed on Shore and the 27th of October to the 19th of January 1778, 35; in the Lighters — That when the Weather is good, the and from the 19th of January to the 26th of March, Men work Three Hours each Day at raising of Ballast —

15 — That on an American Voyage in the Transport That at first they were unwilling to work, but now they Service he has loft only 5 or 6 Men out of 150; but are not. — And being asked, Whether the Men were al-he remembers One Ship that loft 50 or 60 out of the lowed Drams ? he said. The Captain gives them One same Number — That upon an Average 10 is considered in a cold Day, when they behave well, or are ill a moderate Loss out of 100 — That upon an Average with the Cholic, and lie (the Witness) allows it — of Seven Years, the Loss of Convicts in Gaol and on That sometimes 200 or 250 Men are working on board will be One Seventh. Shore, in fereening Ballast for Greenwich Hospital

The Witness further informed your Committee, That Road — That 1,550 Tons were delivered there last he had Three Contrafts, On^ for the Term of Three Summer — That in all, 36,050 Tons of Ballast have Years, for 120 Convicts, to find Ships, Lighters, and been raised — That the Men have made a Wharf or every other Expence (except that of Surgeons) at Embankment for the Board of Ordnance, of 100 £. 4,560 per Annum; another for the Term of Two Feet in Front, and have laid a great Quantity of Years, for 130 Convicts, at £. 3,483. "js. 6d. per An- Ballast to extend it — That round the new Part of the num; and another from January 1778 to July 1779, for Warren they have also made a Ditch of 5 Feet 130 Convicts, at the same Rate as the last. wide, 10 Feet deep, and 190 Feet in Length, be-

That at first he ordered the Convicts Five Pounds of fides a Moat of 7 Feet deep, 23 Feet wide, and Biscuit to a Mess of Six People, Llalfan Ox Cheek, 1,107 Eeet in Length; and that the Earth has and Three Pints of Pease made into Soup, which was been wheeled to a Proof Butt, which they are now for One Day’s Allowance (it being the same as in the erecting, of 319 Feet long, 28 Feet high from the Navy) — That Two Days in the Week are called Bur- Foundation, and, upon an Average, near 50 Feet goe Days, on which Days each Mess is allowed Three wide, of which, above Two-thirds is done — That the Pints of Oatmeal made into Porridge, besides 5 lb. of Ditch and Proof Butt were begun in August last —

Bread, and 2 lb. of Cheese — That upon seeing, in Mr. That in Winter, when the Weather will permit, the Howard’s Publication/4 Complaints about the Biscuit," Men work from Half an Hour after Eight in the he found, upon Inquiry, that some of the Biscuit had Morning, till Two or Three in the Afternoon — That been damaged — That he then changed the Men’s Diet at present they work from Seven in the Morning till from Biscuit to Bread, made of the Second Flour, and Twelve, and from One to Six in the Afternoon; gave them 4 lb. and an Half of Bread instead of 5 lb. and in the Summer they will work longer — That he Voi. 36. derive*

p

: A. 1778.

Punidiment derives no Ad vantage from their Labour — That lie thinks not allowed to go into them — That the Smell of the Uy they do not do lo much as common Labourers; but Hospital does not affect the other Part of the Ship; Irttifporianon believes they do as much as Labourers employed upon the I lospital does not fmeil of itself — That the Sur-'itard Labour, the Highways — That he thinks they cannot do so much geon finds the Medicines, and he pays for them — That as they might he able to do, if they were not the Witness has been employed in the Transport Scr-chained — That on their First coming on Board, the vice many Years; that he had .3 a Man, which was universal Deprefiion of Spirits was astonishing, as they for nourishing them, and for their Conveyance; he had a great Dread of this Punishment — That he en- carried them to Maryland and Virginia — That those couraged them to do their Duty without being chained; were the only Places he could contract to carry them but they made a bad Use of it — That their Sickness to — That he inquired about the , and was

and Depression of Spirits made it almost fatal to them told, that the People there could not take One Ship’s — That ht* thought holding out Hopes of Pardon to Load — That he does not know the Floridas — That the them might have a good Effect, and he recommended Transports are employed in Maryland in manual Five of them to the Secretary of State, who were Labour — That he has been there and in Virginia, pardoned, and he found the others worked more cheer- and has heard, that Robberies have been committed fully afterwards; and from Time to Time, he re- by Felons lent there — That they did not rob in those commended those to the Secretary of State he thought Colonies, but in the neighbouring ones — That to carry deserving, of which 60 have been pardoned — That he Felons to the Floridas would be too expensive — That has a List of 30 more who he willies were pardoned, he could not contract to carry them there — That in as he thinks they would be useful to the Public — the West Indies there is a Law to prohibit the taking That none of those pardoned have been taken up for of traqsported Felons — That they are obliged to keep frelli Offences, except Barrington and another — That a Proportion of Whites to the Blacks, and the Con-the general Behaviour of the Convicts is better than vifts are not considered among the Whites — That he tvhat was expected ;' they go through their Workwith has heard of great Losses in Families by Deaths in Cheerfulness — That he thought those pardoned were Virginia and , which were imputed to the

entitled to the Bounty, and he gave it them; but Infection received from the Convicts — That the Na-imagining he had done wrong, he allied if the Law enti- vigation to St. and is more diffi-

tled them to it, and he was told by the Judge that they cult than to America, especially for Ships of any were not, unless recommended by the Court of King’s Size.

Bencln — That that Court recommended the other Me- Your Committee then called John Esquire,

thod of getting Pardons by the Secretary of State — who fuid, He had visited the Vessels Twice; the First That those Convicts who came fmee the First have Time was in 177(3, on Board the Jujlilia —

not been so depressed; they look forward in Hopes of That lie went on a Sunday, becaulb he should have a Recommendation of Pardon — That very few have be- View of the Convicts — That lie law them altogether, haved ill; those that have, have been punished with upon Deck; he took Two Walks round them, and a Cat of Nine Tails; but he has seldom been obliged looked in the Face of every individual Person, and to use Punishment — -That he has put some desperate saw by their sickly Looks, that lbme Mismanagement Men, who threatened to kill their Keepers, in heavy was among them; many had no Shirts, some no \Yailt« Irons for a Week or a Fortnight — That as to the coats, some no Stockings, and some no Shoes; many Boys, he thinks some Means might be used to'pre- knew him. One of whom he saw very ill; he touched vent them from converting with the Men. — And be- his Pulse, and asked him how he did "? he said. He was ing asked. If there was a Chaplain? he said. They ready to fink into the Earth — That the Witness i in-had the voluntary Assistance of a Clergyman, who mediately turned to his Conductor, and the Conducted to come often; but had left it off for some Time; for fyvore an Oath, and said, that the Convict had the but he begins to come again — That there is no Pro- Venereal Disease (the Conductor was an Iospector of vision for a Clergyman — That the Clergyman left good the Convicts, One of the head Officers, as the Wit-Books among them — That they had Prayers generally ness supposeg) the Witness then said, " Some Care Twice, or oftener, a Week. — And being asked, If any " ought to be taken of this Man the Conductor said, Garnish Money was paid by the new Convicts? he The Man had a Draught Yesterday; the Witness then laid. No; nor demanded. — And being asked, Whe- asked the Man if he had had it? and he said, No; tlier the Friends of the Sick were allowed to bring the Witness then turned to the Conductor, and the them Food? he said, Such as Milk, Greens, Sic. — Conductor said nothing; the Witness found afterwards And being asked. Where he buried the dead? he by Inquiry, that no Care bad been taken of this Man; said, At first, he buried them along the Shore; but he the Witness - then asked the Conductor how he could has since obtained a Piece of Ground behind the tell him such a Faifity ? and he said nothing — The Butt, where they are now buried — That the Funeral Witness saw many others who looked sickly; and he Service is performed by One of his Officers. — And inquired of them whether they had any Medical being asked. How often he (the Witness) was on Assistance, and they said they had no Surgeon nor Board? he laid, Generally Twice a Week; and he Apothecary — That nothing hsjd been done to cure this then staid the whole Day — That he fees every Part Man of that Distemper — That lie went into the Ca-of the Vessels except the Hospitals — That there are bin, and asked what Bread or Biscuit they had, and Boys on Board too young for Labour — T|iat he the Captain brought him some good, wholofomc, brown thought of employing them in picking Oakum — That Biscuit — That the Witness heard, that the Convicts he believes they came mostly from Hicks’s HalF — That Bread was to be weighed out in Half an Hour; he there is One Man on Board quite blind, who cannot waited that T«me, and saw from Ten to Eighteen be employed at all — That he employs the Boys as different Messes weighed; and they weighed, about Cabin and fwabbing Boys. — And being asked, If Four PoundsforaMefs — They picfsSix together — Thai the Convicts wore their own Clothes?, he said. If the Biscuit was brought ip Two Sacks; the One was they chose it; if not, he found them Clothes, a all Crumbs, and the other broken — That there were Kersey Jacket, Worsted Stockings, a Cap. and Shoes many whole Ones, and some Piepes of Three Quarter#

- — That he does not allow them to buy Clothes; but of a Biscuit — -That they took out about Two Handfuls if their Friends bring them some, be permits it — That of the Crumbs, and the rest out of the other Sack — he also allows them Shirts, and obliges them to shift That he staid wlplft 15 Meftes at least were weighed ever y Sunday — That they may walh themselves every out; and he saw that all tire Biscuits were mouldy Day; some do, and others do not — That there is an and greeq on both Sides; the Crumbs lie could uot ‘Hospital in each 111 ip — That the healthy Men are fee fq dil'tiuctly, but he apprehends they were of the 17 fame

i8 Geo. III.

lame Sort — That he inquired where they had that Biscuit ? and they told him, From Pool — That he Conjectures it came from Netofou as it appeared to be Ship Biscuit — That when he was coming away, he said. Captain, How could you tell me that the Biscuit you shewed me was the Men’s Biscuit, when their’s is all mouldy ? he said. It is not mouldy — The Witness then ordered many of the Felons to give him their Handkerchiefs, and he untied them, and took some out, and shewed it to the Captain, and asked him if he would then say that Biscuit was not mouldy ? the Captain said, that they had but little of it left, and it would soon be out — That the Convicts had then no Bedding, nor any Mat, or Straw, but laid upon the Boards — That he went into every Part of the w here the Felons lav — That they had nailed up a few Boards, to separate the Healthy from the Sick, the Sick were laying upon the Boards — That he thinks, the jujlitia had then been established 3 or Months — That heobserved a disagreeable Smell, like the Smell of a Gaol — That he is persuaded, had not Parliament turned their Attention to the Gaols, instead of a Third or a Fourth being ioft, all would have been loft on board the Jujlitia — That he law a great Number of Ox Cheeks, undressed, which seemed to be found — That he was informed, the Felons had nothing but "Water to drink, at that Time — That many of them made Complaints to him, that their Victuals were much tainted — That they made their Complaints in a soft Tone, so that no Body but himself could hear — That he had so very lately visited the Gaols, that he was clear, the Prisoners had no Gaol Disorders upon them w'hen they came on board — That, there was no Divine Service performed, and that he saw no religious Books among them; but their Behaviour seemed to be quite orderly — That there were 83 Convicts in the at that Time — That those were all the Observations he made.

Your Committee then called Dr. who in-

formed them. That he was on board the jujlitia Three Times last Year; the First Time was upon the 17th of June, the Second in July or Au and the Third in Augujlor September; and that he was Once on board the Cen/or — That the Hold in which the Convicts

were kept, was very airy, inso much as to allow them every Thing necessary for their Health — That he thought there was all possible Care taken of them, except in one Instance, which was that of the Manner in which they were placed to sleep — That there were Platforms provided all round the Ship, and Six were to sleep in each of those Platforms — That they lay very close together, so that, in his Opinion, there was too little Room for each of the Men — That the Beds were placed against the Sides of the Vessels, allowing about 18 or iq Inches Width for each Man to lie upon — That tire Vessel was very clean, there was no bad Smell, except near the Necessary; but the next Time he was there, the Funnel of that was altered, in Consequence, as he apprehends, of his Advice, and other Gentlemen’s of the Royal Society, who were on board with him; in all other Respects' lie thought they were well provided for — That in regard to their Clothing it seemed to him to be good — That the Friends of the Convicts sent some, and some was sent by Government — That their Bread was good, but not the finest Wheat Bread' — That he took some of it to the Tavern, and that he, and the Company with him, preferred'it to other Bread — That the Convicts had a Mat to lie on, and one Coverlid to cover them; the Mat was upon the Boards, and Coverlid over them; the Beds were hard; they compared them with the Beds used by the lower Part of the People at Modi //‘a-r-That it was Summer when he was on board — That some of the Convicts undressed themselves to go 10 Bed — That there were very few lick; there were Physicians with him, so that he did not attend to them

Vol. ?, G.

— That his Visit was unexpected; he sent Note to Punishment Mr. Campbell, which was loft, and Mr. Campbell nbt

being the re, it was with some Difficulty he could get ind on board — That w’hen he got on board, the Convicts ^arJ were at Dinner — That when they were ordered upon Deck, he, and the Company with him, thought they looked as well as several Ships Companies — That there were Sea Officers with him — That the Convicts were more healthy the Eirft Time of his being oh board, than they were the Second, as Six or Seven were then in the Infirmary — That in all other Respects he found them nearly in the same State as he did at his First Visit — That the Infirmary was partitioned oft* from the Fore-castle — That he saw the Convicts at Dinner, the Second Time he was on board; their Victuals were good; he tailed them each Time — That the Men out of the Lazaret looked as healthy as they did the First Time he was on board — That their Behaviour was orderly each Time — That he has seen them at their working Hours, and thought many of them worked but little —

That he saw several People who guarded them, and two or three directing them what they were to do —

That the Convicts seemed orderly on Shore, and to gd through their Work with Regularity; they were carrying Soil to make a new Quay, or "Wharf; some filled their Barrows full, others did not, but he supposes the Keepers considered their Strength. They are pnntlhed with a Cat of Nine Tails, for refuting to work; their Labour did not seem so hard as that of common Labour in other Places; but he saw them getting up the Ballast, which is harder than common Labour — That he can’t speak with Certainty as to the Beds, but that the Convids lay too close together; a Partition to divide Man from Man would be mnch better, as each Man then would endeavour to keep his Place clean — That he thinks it would be a great Improvement to have a Space between the Beds and the'Wall.

Mr. Howard, fortljfer informed your Committee,

That his Second Visit on board the Hulks was on the 26th of January 1778 — That he went first to the

Warren, where he staid about an Hour and an Half, making Observations on the Works; afterwards he went on board the jujlitia and the Cen/or, and many of the Convicts told him, that they were better used than when he saw them last, which was very evident by their Looks — That he asked them if they had any Medical Aflil'tance, and they told him, they had an Apothecary, who came every other Day — That there were then 125 Convicts on board the JuJlilia, and 183 on board the Cen/or — That he staid some Time in the Hospitals; there were 13 Sick in the jujlitia, and 6 in the Cen/or — That he inquired of the Six, separately, if their Irons were off, and they answered him in the affirmative; he did notalk them that Question the Time before; they were in Bed the Second Time he was there, the Sick were all in separate Beds, and there seemed to be the utmost Attention paid to them; Barrington was Overseer of the Sick — That the Witness desired to iet their Bread, and he saw Two of their Loaves, which weighed about 41b. and £ each, which was for VMefs — That it was good w'holesome Bread, and their Meat was good wholesome Ox Cheek — That he took up Five; or Six of the Pieces, and conjectured they weighed from 2lb. and £ to 31b. each Piece, which was for a Mess of Six People; the Meat was clean d refled, and-., good of the Sort; this Meat was for their Dinner only

— That they left Work between One and Two o’Clock, and came for their Dinners, and did not return to Work any more that Day — That he was informed they went to the Warren a little before Ten, and re- turned about Half pall One — That there were only 103 employed in the Warren — That when they worked there, they had a Pint of Strong Beer each Man —

That he saw some few at W’ork. as Carpenters, some as Blacksmiths, and One at Tambour Work, and all the rest were idle; none were employed at that Time in 11 D railing

Tunifhmerrt

by

Tr*niportatian and Hard Labour*

93° i dp .: 177 8.

fu^g'of Ballast — That there might be about a Dozen forking as Carpenters, and Six or Eight as Black Tenths — Tljat he saw a great Number that were pot at work.that Day — That he knew nothing of the Hours of the Tide for railing Ballast — That he was informed they had Small Beer, which he tailed, and it w^is good wholesome Beer — That the Convicts told him, they had a Quart of Small Beer some Days, and some Times only Water — That they had Beer about Four Times a Week; the Day he was there was not their Beer Dpy — That some of the Convicts told him they were better used than when he was there before, and said the Apothecary: came to them about every other Day — .-That none ©jf them had the Itch then; be went to the Apothecary's but did not meet with him-That; there fewted no uniform Plan with regard to their Clothing; he perceived some had no Shirts on; some looked as if they had not been washed for many Weeks; some looked tight, some hail Shoes, and some had none, or such as they could not possibly work in — -That he inr gujred if there were Tables or Rules about their Food, or Condu6t, and there were none — That he \ycnt down, and found that they had a Mat to lie on, and a Rug that would cover about Two Men; that they had nothing under them, but a Mat — That he inquired if there was a Chaplain, and they told him, there was none; that there was One of Lady don’s, who came occasionally, but had not been there some Time, on Accpunt of the Badness of, the Weather -t — That they have no regular Plan with regard to their jmarjdng; some.in the Warren were employed in harrowing, some: drawing Carts, and others filling — -That ha imagines they did: about One Third of voluntary Labourthat Three Men in the Warren did about as much ap Qpe Man might do who was hired to SRork; that he, tjooJc the Time and Nature of the Work together — That ;the Captain, and Two or Three Overseers, inspected their Labour; they were not strict; if had been properly overlooked, more Work might be done j there;inhere qo standing Carts; when they came back they stood idle whilil their Cart was filled — That the Mode of chaining the Convicts is against their Work, as One Chain from the Leg to the Girdle would permit them- to work with mpre Ease and Dispatch; they are chained both Legs together — That when the Convicts said they were better used, they wished for more Bread; he conjectures the Bread is increased lin.ee — That lie did not find that disagreeable Smell the Second Time he was on board, as he did the First; but he remarked, that the wa6

only feraped, and not washed. — And being aiked, If they had any Fires on board ? he said. He saw them carry Fire Pots under the Deck of* the Cen/br. — And being asked, If the Men were orderly? he said. In the Warren they were; that he observed but little Frofapeness; Once or Twice he did, which was kept under — That the Ghent Workhouse is better regulated, and is upon a better Plan — That he has been in a great Number of Houses of Correction within these Two Years, since passing the Act, but saw no Preparations made in Consequence thereof, — And being asked. If this Bill should drop, are there any Places, in the Houses of Correction he had seen, fit for the Reception, and safe-keeping to Hard Labour, of Felons ? he said. This Winter was Two Years, he went over the whole Kingdom, from Penzance to Berwick upon Tweed; he went into eypry County; he was out between Four and Five Months, and saw very few capable and-strong enough to confine Convicts — That he bwviewed a great many since passing the Act, but in very few saw mjy, Alteration — 'That he begged Leave to observe, that when he spoke to the Question of the Alteration in the Bridewells, it was from Observations tnade in his Journey through this Time Two

Years, before the passing the Act; but at the latter End of the Year 1776, after the Month of May, when 21

the Act paCTed, he was at Gloucc/ler, Here-

ford, Worcester, Bristol, Shrewflntryi

Cartijle, Durham, York, LincolNottingham, e/ter,

Oakhaon, Warwick, Oxford, Cambridge,

ich, Huntingdon, Ike. and that Summer lie knows the Judges, in their Charges, had mentioned Il»o Clause in the Convict Act, yet he found not the le.iit Attention had been paid to it. — And being aiked. If there were Ventilators, in the Hulks? he laid, There were nonej and that there, were Scuttles only on One Side — That the Captain told him, he was desired by Mr. Campbell not tq vyalh the as he thought

the Men might take Cold; — That the Witness waited upon Mr., Campbell,.%\\fkM said, he had

given Orders not to wall) the vessel, for fear of giving the Convicts Cold — rTh'af lVe then told Mr from his own Experience, that the most healthy Gaols were thpfe that were washed every Day; he then referred hirp to Tothilficlds &ni\ C/erkcrizcellas

they would be the most unhealthy Gaols of any, if It was not for their being washed — Tlmt he desired Mr.

Campbell to wait upon Dr. and Tie said he

.would.

Mr. Howard further said. That in the Situation

Bridewells are, it is impossibl^ to confine Felons — Tlia$ he thinks the House of Correction for the County of Surrey, in Saint George's Fis not upon a perfect Plan — That he had been there Three Times, and never saw any Prisoner at work in it — That Four Women, were committed to it for Ten Years, and they hpd no Employment; they were sent from the Assizes; their Allowance is Three Half Pence a Day — That-the convict.cd Felons are kept at County Gaols, becaqfe the Bride.vv.ells are insecure — That some have been kept for Three or Four Years — That the Term of their Transportation does not begin til| they are put on Board,'which is a great Hardship — That the Term of the Galley Slaves in ^France commences within Twenty-

four HoiAs after Conviction, though they may be kept some Mopths before they are sent on board. — And being aiked, How many Hours in a' Day the Cotivifts on the River Thames work at raisin'g of Ballast? he said, He did not know.

.Your Committee next called Dioftor James Irwin; who.said. He had attended the Coqvifts since the 20th of Ayguft 1777 — That they were rather sickly When he first attended them — That there were Two Hospitals, but One was too fpiaft, and lie recommended it to be enlarged, which lyas since been done — That there were 24 Sick in boll; Hospitals, chiefly with Fevers and Venereal Complaints — That he believes the Felons brought the Disorders with them, as they generally died between their coming and the 10th or 12th Da}1 — That, he knows the Platforms, and thinks there is sufficient Air comes in to preserve the Health of the Men — That there are Port Holes in the Vessels — That he has had all . the People turned out in a Morning where they lay, and there has been no ill Smell — That they lie Two upon a Bed of Straw — That there is an Iqfirmary on board each Ship; that on board the Censor is a very good One; ihat on board the is not so high, but.it has been widened Six Feet; the healthy People cannot go to the Sick, there is a Man Hands to prevent them; the sick and vyeft are kept fe-arutp, — And being aiked. Whether it would .11*4 be etter to have the Hospital oil board a lepaptte.Ship ? he said, Without Doubt it would — That, tlxe Siek are allowed every Thing that the Surgeon drders them, even Wine — That be apprehends Jvlr, 'dmpbptf pays for it — That the Witness attended tJipCJJqnvifts merely upon Principles of Humanity, to do them a|l the Good he could; he is Surgeon General topic Artillery — That the Friends of the Sjtyk pro not.aljowjed to go on hoard only upon extraordinary Qccpfipns — That. he has seen the Convicts at Dipner, and has aiked. the Captain how much they were all9wed, and he told

him

i 8 G|o. ML

him they were allowed 51b. anct an Half of Reef, and ' the Convicts wore, and whether their Shirks were tnqt Puniflm*wt

5lb. and an Half of Bread, to a Mess. of Six — That ragged? be said, They wear a browrt Jacket; that T.r.rrJLftp

he saw it weighed — That upon an Average the Sick some of their Shirts are hut indifferent ones, bat the . and

have lessened in both I lofpijtals — That there are Nine Men appear upon the Monday as if they had had clfeat*r-iHaf4 '**

sick now — That no Person who attended the Sick has Linen bpeto the Sunday.

caught the Fever since be hap !qU|eqd.ed there had Y^ur Committee tlienroaljed Mr..Steward, Erskine s

he should have known it — That, it is impossible for the wJio laid .-he had been employed by. Mr ito

Convicts to have more Air than they have — Tfiatthe take Care, of the.Cppvicts, ftptn the of Sepderphytr Diet of the Sick cannot be amended — That they.are 1776„andtha* hc>\WA6 iSUA^wipkell's pjrwtijwJ Deputy* kept clean and neat. 1. ,n ... — That-fom®Cojj?i&$. r^fratuWy&o

Your Committee then called Mr. Dodo Ech*n,.AS- bat theft Behaving uppifit be. W ilftto b a&ibfren go3d — fistant Surgeon to the Artillery; who informed them, That.-thareare 40:People. befidw.MmfeR'tqtuke Cwe*

That he has been employed in taking Cafe, of the of thenKidipnC of which are Ffilon8rr®ittt the CoB/O Convicts Iince the 28th of October 177 b — That when vi6hj have been healthy Tor-feme. Tune paPvfi»sch ftbdutc

he first went on board, very few- were fjck, and.none- pr uYV«?^/:4fThat.nia«yf^rriBed- iick fodm*

dead — That he found they bad received the Country the fiahls-r-That the Convicts {ill;!Hito><salt:is£edrwH>ft;

Convicts, and that Two or Fhree were sick on their the Provision that is allowed them, and contented, with;

Arrival — That he ordered them into the Hospital, and their Beds-^-That thbre ia^gry little SetieH in, the Marn-soon after a putrid Fever broke out, and a great ttcuiy. ing where itbey 1 they are got upon Deck as, foohi fell sick, but he could not recollect the Numbei-T-r as it its the Morning, and the Place is! cleaned;

That he reported Once aMonthto Mr Campbell, and out — That there is no ill.Smelt ini itfie IJolf>)tafe$ Jefst-lie reported several sick, and fisue ddad^-T'hut the Dif- tRefle. than in the other Places — Tfiat th'c-Boys are em-order Fil'd some Momhs j>efore it was got rid of — That ployed, some in cleaning the Ships, and some oh Shore, the gvateft Number in the Hospital was not abova>i6 -r-The little Bays in cleaning the Ships, there ace Six with the Fever. — And being if the Coroner at. or Eigdtf too little- to work on Shore^-rThat then# in-

tended the Dead? he said, Hediriuotat full, but has One Man on board who has but One Legendanother: fmce. — And being asked, Jf any who attended the Hof- who is blind — That the Convicds are put. dpwn at Seven pit-ils had caught the Distemper? In-find, One Man had o’Clock in the Evening, and are- gpt.upiat Five in the tan jt.. . v hp died — That . i-ar ' are commodious Hospi- Morning, now — That, they -.wen? ivfcry melancholy at tals on bo.: d the Vtilils, but if the Sick were separated IheirEjrft Arrival, hut th^y have been in better Spirits' from the Healthy it might be better — That he is paid since Fome have bedn pardoned — That Ibofewho were by Mr. Campbell for his Trouble — Bhat the Number of pardoned were healthy — Tfiat Twothirda of the Con.-:

Sick decrease, though the Number of P. ifonens increnfe viols batty their dothing found byrMr. Campbell; they — That there are Nine Sick now — That the Convicts have a brown Jacket, Two Shirts, SCc.; they fhiit every have clean Shirts on every Sunday, and are walked every Syndtly^.a&d are -wafiaed and Ihaygd; they are wished Moming(those who are well enough) they ate obliged often, and lhaved Once a YHe'bkj itnhas bkeni/o ever to be walked — That Mr. Campbell provides themClothes since he. ha$ been schei’er — dfliai there. is.jtff&re. Trouble — That their Shirts are white, and nbt ebeck — That tbs in keepwgthem cleau^ than there dgirt [keeping the nk Clothes they come in are pulled off and throwri overt to Labour — That theyi ere allowed . «o ftnong Liquor,* board, and Mr. Campbell provides them with, new — only Small Beer — Thatrtbe Oivorfeera have but little That the Nine, which are ill, are affected with a putrid Trouble iio making :them work-trrThat Twenty-four Fever — That Nine came from York, Four of whom have f leaped — That: the Convicts are not 1 allowed tef soon died; One frotn Gloucester, and One from Tothil- swear; if they do> they are beat with.a, Rattan — That Jidda BrideivelL, who had the Gaol Dillemper upon Mr. Campays, him for his Troubled' 1 .1

them — That those who are sent from Newgate, 20 out From the foregoing Evidence ir, appe^rs, fqyour.Corfir of 40 have the Venereal Complaint, but none the Gaol mittqe, That from August 1776 teethe zdtifiiif March,

Diiiemper — That the Sick ane> allowed Rice Gruel, 1778, there hale died above Ooediaiirth Parti pfiitlid Balm Tea, and a little Wine if necessary; they l»ave Convicts oa board the Hulks and ion.eKtimining Mr. every Thing necessary; every Thing that he re com- Campbel^ Account of the Numbter, iof transpuBtid Fe-

mends Mr. Campbell orders — That there are Port Holes Ions which died in Gaol after Conviction, or on the in the Vessels; be has been there many Times in the Voyage to America, for the Space of Seven Years, from Morning, when the Convicts have got up, andheftnelt 1769 to 1775 inclusivev the Deaths amounted, on<an no ill Smell — That the Beds are Six Feet long, and Four Average, to.Qne-seventh but that the greatdl MprC , wide; the Sick he by themselves — That about Nine talitV was on board the Cenfar (the ntoft roomy and1 Convicts have died within the Two last Months. airy Ship) in the Summer and Autumn Months of 1777*

Mr. Thomas Pomrey informed your Committee, That and amongst Men newly brought on board, principally he is Clerk of the Works to the Board of Ordnance, from the Country Gaols, who, in the Opinion of the and that the Convicts work under his Directions — That Surgpqns, brought the Gaol Distemper with them, his First Orders from, that Board were the 20th of It appears also, That no Provision was made in the Januanj 1777 — That the Captain orders the Men out, present subsisting Act, or in the Contract made in pur-and he superintends them, from 50 to 200 in Number fuance thereof, for the Attendance of a Clergyman to — That he had a Plan of the Work done by the Con- read Prayers, or perform the Funeral Service over £uch vi&s (which he delivered in to yottr Committee); that Convicts as should die, but that the same has been sup-he estimates their Work at £. 3,350 — That in.general plied, as to Prayers, by '.the voluntary Attendance of a. they perform their Work cheerfully — That they have Clergyman occasionally; and as to the latter, by One of a Pint of Small Beer a Day allowed them by . Lord the Contractor's Officers reading the Funeral Service.

Townshend, by the Application of Mr. Campbell^dThsit It appears further. That the Coroner of the Division he thinks the Convicts do as much Work as the Men of Weji Kent has fat on the Bodies of many of the Condo who are employed upon the-Highways, and as yi£ts who have died on hoard the Vessels, and that, as much as the common Labourers do who are employed no Provision for it is made in the present Bill, the Exin Scaffolding — That the Conviifts are allowed Two pences thereof muff necessarily have fallen ou the said Hours at their Dinner, in coniing and going — That Western Division of the County of Kent. the Boys work at the Wheel Barrows — That the Scaf- It appears also, That it. would be better for the

folding Men are allowed 1 j*. 6d. a Day, and that he Accommodation of the Sick, and safer for the Health thinks the Convicts deserve as much, when they work of those who are well, to have the Hospital for the Sick Seven 1 lours. — And being asked. What Sort of Clothes on board a separate Vessel.

Vol. 3b. It

93*

15" Aprilis.

A. 1778.

Puaishment it further appears, from the Testimony of federal of tnu^rtatioa Witnesses, That the Behaviour of the Convicts on and board the Hulks, and on Shore, has been quiet, orderly, *« Labour. an(j obedient.

It appears also, That the Number of Convicts at present under Contrail to be maintained is 380; and that the Yearly Average of the Felons, who were ordered for Transportation during a Period of Six Years and an Half, from the ift of November 1769 to the ift of May 1776, amounts to 960, of which a Fourth being deducted for Women, which is nearly the Proportion that appears from the Accounts given to your Committee of Persons transported in the said Six Years and an Half, there remain 720 Males liable to the Pu-ndhment of hard Labour on the River , except

such as from bad Health or Weaknefe may be deemed unfit for it.

It further appears, That Three several Contracts for providing for Convicts sentenced to hard Labour have beer, made by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury with Mr. Campbell, the First being at the Rate of 38 a Man by the Year; which, for 120 Convicts, amounts to the Sum of £. 4,560.

The Second, at the Rate of £.26. 15*. lofrf. per Man, by the Year; which, for 130 Convicts, amounts to the Sum of £.3,483- 7

The Third, on the same Terms as the Second, for 130 ConviCls, from January 1778 to July 1779.

It also appears. That the Value of the Labour done by the ConviCls in Woolwich Warren, in making a Wharf, a Proof Butt, digging Ditches, and other useful Works, amounts to £.3,350; and that the Value of their Labour in railing Ballast is computed at £> 2,703. 12 s.6d.

Upon the Whole, your Committee have come to the following Resolutions:

- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That from the Beginning of the Institution of the Hulks, there has been a progressive Improvement in the Accommodation, Food, Employment, and Means of preserving the Health of the Convi6ls sentenced to hard Labour on the River Thames, and that the said Hulks are at present convenient, airy, and healthy.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it will be proper, by a new Bill, to continue the present Mode of punching Convicts on board the Hulks, by hard Labour, for a certain Time.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Fortnight, the ift Day of May next.

Ssil Cloth, The Lord Midlcton presented to the House, accord-inported *"8 to Order, a Bill to permit the Importation of Sail-from Cloth and Cordage, of the Manufacture of Ireland, into this Kingdom, Duty-free: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Fortnight, the 4th Day of May next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Importation The Lord Midlefon presented to the House, accord-America *n8>to Order, a Bill to permit the Importation of cer-Hrto tain Goods from the British Plantations in America, or Ireland. ihe British Settlements on the Coast of Africa, into the Kingdom of Ireland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Fortnight, the 4th Day of May next- Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Lord Midleton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to permit the Exportation of certain Goods therein mentioned, directly from Ireland into any British Plantation in or any British

Exportation

from

Ireland

t*

America.

Settlement on the Coast of Africa: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Fortnight, the 4th Day of next. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Lord Midleton presented to the House, accord- Importation ing to Order, a Bill to permit the Importation of Cot- ofv

ton Yarn, the Manufacture of Ireland, into this King* otton arn* dom, Duty-free: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Fortnight, the 4th Day of May next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed,

The Lord Midleton presented to the House, accord- Glnf* ing to Order, a Bill to permit the Exportation of Glass, mam:^urc* manufactured in Ireland, from thence to any Place Ireland, whatsoever, except Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Fortnight, the 4th Day of May next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Bill for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Papilh* Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant purchasers, was read a Second Time. and Wl "

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Eltves,

Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to continue the several I-aws therein mentioned, relating to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British-vaa.de Gunpowder; to the further encouraging

the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth; to the granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, directly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; to the prohibiting the Importation of light Silver Coin of this Realm from foreign Countries into Great Britain or Ireland, and to restrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum; to the granting a Bounty upon Flax Seed imported into Irelandj to the better regulating of Pilots, for the conducting of Ships and Vessels, from Dover, Deal, and Isle of Thanet; and to revive and continue so much of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 30th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said BUI.

Expiring

Laws.

An ingrafted Bi}l from the Lords, intituled, An Tte&n'i Act to distohre the Marriage of George D*WOrce.

Degen, with Catharine Furlong, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry- again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Fortnight, the ift Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

18 Geo. III. 15*

933

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Wit-nefl’es, for the said Bill; and also that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill} if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

Member* Sir Philip Jennings Clerke presented to the House, not to be according to Order, a Bill for restraining any Person, w"|r m being a Member of the House of Commons, from C«>tn£b. being concerned himself, or any Person in Trust for him, in any Contract made by the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, the Commissioners of the Navy, the Board of Ordnance, or by any other Person or Persons, for the Public Service, unless the said Contract shall be made at a public Bidding: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Fortnight, the iff Day of May next.

tspartatioD Mr. Whitworth, according to Order, reported from Bond*, the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal such Part of an Act, made in the last Seffiap of Parliament, as relates so the Manner of discharging Bonds given for the due Exportation of certain Goods from Great Britain to Foreign Parts; and to extend such Part of the same Act, as obliges the Matter of British or Irish Ships, failing from any of His Majesty’s Dominions into Baltic, to deliver a Manifest of their Cargoes to the British Consul residing the re, to the like Vessels failing into Denmark, Nonoay, and Archangel, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Supply Bin; Mr. Whitworth, according to Order, reported from

Exchequer’ the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, \yith the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Recruiting Mr. Bacon, according to Order, reported from the the Committee of the- whole House, to whom the Land Forces, Rill for the speedy and effectual recruiting of His *c* Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, was committed,

the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Folio 9, Line 3, by leaving out the Words " who 4< cannot, upon Examination, prove themselves."

VOL. 36.

And the Question being put. That those Words stand Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering the Judges of the Court of Session in £statev Scotland, to fell such Parts and Portions of the entailed Estates of Shattifield, and others, in the Counties of

nark and Argyle, belonging to Walter Campbell, of Shaw*

field, Esquire, as shall be sufficiept for Payment of the Debts affecting the fame, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act DolmanV to amend and render effectual an Act, passed in the E^*Seu Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for vesting the settled Estates of " Robert Dolman, Esquire, and Robert Dolman, the " younger, in Pocklington and elsewhere, in the County of York, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying " out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses," was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Goodricke, Sir Cecil Wray, &c. 5 And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House W*y» to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, M*ns. to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Savings out of the Grants made by Parliament, for the Pay of His Majesty’s National Troops, from 29th September 1775 to 29th September 1777, received from the Paymaster General’s Office, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee^ That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to mpve, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 29th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of several Augmentations to His Majesty’s Forces, from 25th March 1778 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Money issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, pursuant to His Majesty’s Orders, to be

H E applied

: >.

934

150 — 16* A

A> 1778.

applied and paid for the* Relief- and Benefit' of sundry American Civil Officers, and otherb, tv ho have suffered on account of their Attachment ti0 His Majesty’s Government^ be'referred- to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com* -mittee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed' the Chair.

H ‘Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, That

they had come toi Several Resolutions; which they had dhrested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received* Tomorrow Morning. !

Mr. Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to lit again/

Resolved, That this House wHl‘, upon this Day Fortnight, the 19th Day of this Instant April, refolds itself into a Committee of the whole Hbirfe to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Militia Mr. Tufnell prefen ted to the House, according to

Training. Order, a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, the

Laws relating to the raising and training of the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain catted England: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time To-nfcorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Bteke’s The House resolved itself into ft Committee of the

lvorco’ whole House, upon ihe ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir Blake, Baronet, with Dame Blake, his now

Wife, and to enable him to marry Again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, That

they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Harwich Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to "rflt' the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Harwich, in the County of Ejffex,. in the room of Edward Harvey, Esquire, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

yoviSf 16° die Apr ills;

Anno 18* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1778.

a

Prayers.

Moorfields X/iR. Alderman Hayley reported from the Com-to 1VX mittee, to whom the Bill for impowering the Biftiopfgate, May0r> Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of New Streets. London, in Common Council assembled, to make a Street or Opening from Moorfields, opposite Chis-well Street, towards the East, into opjgate Street, and also from the End of ChiJwell Street, Westward, iu-

to Barbicanand to raise, upon the Credit of the

Surplufes to arise out of a certain Fund, commonly called The Orphans' Fund, the Sum. of Sixteen thousand Five hundred Pounds for l‘uch; Purpose, was committed; That the* Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found, the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him t.® report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards. delivered the Bill; with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and: then a Second Time, One by Okie; and, upon the Questiou severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the KH, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Alderman Hayley reported from the Committee, AldeHgate to whom the Bill for paving the High Street or Road iav,n2-leading from Aldersgate Bars, in the Parish of Botolpk without Aide rfgate, London, to- the Turnpike neat the- End1 of Gojivell Street, in the County of j'ex; and for applying the Sum of Five thou far'd Pounds, to be raised upon the Credit of the Surplufe* to arise out of a certain- Fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, for such Purpose, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and horead the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second 'rime, One by One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the BiH, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, to Insolvent whom the Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, Dcbaw. and for the Relief of Bankrupts in certain Cafes, was're-ctaranitted; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he , read, the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Onaq and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be mgrofied.

Ordered, Tlrat the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Titefday Fortnight, the 5th Day of May next, if the raid Bili shall be then kigrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second ' Militia Reading of the Bill to amend, and render more effec- Trailing, tual, the Laws relating to the railing and training of the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Ref died. That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Fort-

night, the 5th Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Whitworth, according to Order, reported from Supply. Ihe Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to

His

Ways M Meant.

Blake’s

Divorce.

E xportmioa Bonds.

18 Geo. III. \6*\Afmlis., 935

His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee the Manner of discharging* Bonds given for the due had directed him to report to the House; which heread Exportation of certain Goods from Britain to

in his, Place; and afterwards-delivered ih at the Clerk’s. foreign Parts; and to extends such Part of the same Table: Where the same were read; and.are as follow- Act, as obliges the Mailer of or Irijk Ships,

eth; viz. failing from any of His Majesty’s Dominions into The

Resolved, That it is the Opinion, of this Committee, Baltic, to deliver a Manifefr of their Cargoes to the that a Sum not exceeding Eighty Thojufand-Three British Consul-residing the re, to the like Vessels failing hundred and Nineteen Pounds Fourteen, Shillings and into and Archangel, was read* the

One Penny be granted to His Majesty, for defraying Third Tipie.

the Charge of several Augmentations.to His Majesty’s Refolded, That the Bill-do pass: And* that the Title

Forces, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One be. An Act to repeal, such Part of an Act*, made in’ thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight tQ the the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the Man-Twenty-fourth Day of December following, both inclp- ner of discharging Bonds given for the due Exporta-five, being Two hundred and Seventy-five Day?. tion of certain Goods from Great Britain to foreign

Resolved.', That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Parts;, and to extend such stirt of the same Act, as That a Sum not exceeding Fifty-six thousand Six obliges the Matter of British or Irish Ships, foiling from hundred and Eighty Pounds Two. Shillings and Six any of His Majesty’s Dominions into The Baltic, to Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the deliver aManifeftof their Ca.rgoes to the British Consul like Sum which has been idried by His Majesty’s residing the re, tQ. the like Vessels feiling into Denmark,

Orders, to be applied for the Relief and Benefit of Norway, and.

sundry American Civil Officers, and others, \yho have Or,. F^&t Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to fuflfered on account of their Attachment to His. Ma- the Lords, anddeficq their Concurrence, jetty’s Government.

The ftiid' Resolutions being severally read, a Second , An ingossed Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, Supply Bill; Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the ^Xjj^uer agreed to by the House. Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, s'

was read the Third Time.

Mr. Whitworth, according to Order, reported from Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title the Committee <?f the whole House, to whom it was be, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by referred to consider fhrther of Ways apd Means for Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Refo- Ques thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight.

Iutions which the Committee had directed him to re- Ortfred-, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the BiH to port to the House; which he read in his Place; and the Lords, and-desire their Concurrence, afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

feme were read; and are as followeth; viz. A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Moly~ Royal

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, neux, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: Assent

That, towards making good the Supply granted to Mr. Speaker, to

His Majesty, there be applied a Sum pot exceeding The King commands this Honourable House to at-Thirty-seven thousand Nine hundred apd Twenty-one tend His Majesty, immediately, in the Hfoufe of Beers.

Pounds Three Shillings and Ten Pence, out of the AccordinglyMr., Speaker, with the House, went up Monies or Savings arising from the Pay of His Ma- to attend His Majesty.

jetty’s National Troops, in the Hands ofthq Paymaster And being returned-; -. —

General of His Majesty’s Land Foreps. Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended

Resolved, That it is {he Opinion of this Committee, His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Ma-That, towards making good the Supply granted to jesty was pleased to give the Royal Afi'ent to the several His Majesty, there be applied a Sum, not exceeding public and private Bills following;.

Twenty-seven thousand Six hundred and Ninety An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle on tjieif Pounds out of the Monies or Savings arising from Royal Highnesses the Princes Frederick Bilhpp Of lathe Pay of ftindry Regiments of Foot, in the Hands burgh, William Henry, Edward, Ernest Augufus, Au-of the Payrpafter General of His Majesty’s Land gustus Frederick, and Adolphus Frederick, ah 'Annuity Ferees. of Sixty thousand Pounds per Annum; and also to settle

The said Resolutionp being severally reqd a Second on their Royal Highnesses the Princefies Charlotte Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Augusta Matilda, Augujia Sophia, Elizabeth, Mary, agreed to by the House. ' and Sophia, one other Annuity of Thirty thousand

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, Bounds per Annum; and also to settle on his High-who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or ness Prince William Frederick, one other Annuity of Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions which, upon Tuesday Eighth thousand Pounds per Annum; and on her High-last, were reported from the Committee of the whole ness the Prineefs Sophia Matilda, one other Annuity of House, to whom it was referred to copfidqr further of Four thousand Pounds per Annum:

Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted tp An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties His Majesty, and were thep agreed so by the Hpufe, upon all inhabited Houses, within the Kingdom of that they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in Great firi[pin:

Ope of the said Bills, pursuant to the R'efojutions paw' An Act for granting to His Majesty several addi-’ agreed to by the House- tional Duties upon Wines and Vinegar'imported into

- ‘ this Kingdom:‘

An ingossed BiH frorp the Lords, intituled, JVo Act An Act for the store effectually levying of the Duty to difiblvethe Marriage of Sir Patrick Blake, Baronet, upon Servants, in that Part of Great Britain called with Dame Annabella Blake, his npw Wife, and to Scotland: *

enable him to marry again; apd for other Purposes An Act for making proper Drains and Sewers, therein mentioned, wa? read the Third Time. for the PyFpqfe ofcgrirying pfftjie Wyfe/r feqm the pre-

Resolved, That the BiH do pass. bendal Estate of lialliwell and Finsbury, in the Suburbs

Ordered, That Mr, Whitworth do carry the BiH to of the City of London; and for other Purposes t/ien^in the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House bath mentioned:

agreed to the fame, without any Amendment. An Act to enlarge Hie Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of An ingossed Bill tq repeal such Part of an Act, his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing made in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the Road leading from the Town of Morpeth, by or Vot. 36. ‘ through

Tlif Smalls Lightboule.

936

16° — 290

A. 1778*

through Milford, Thropple, Long and by the

North Side of Rothley Park Wall to Sting Cross, and to the High Cross in Elf don, in the County of Northumberland:

An Act to enable the Honourable Temple Simon Luttrell to make a Jointure upon his intended Wife out of his settled Estate; and for making a Provision, by way of Equivalent, in lieu thereof:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Hooke Campbell, Esquire, with Elizabeth his now

Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of By field and Westrup, in the Parish of By field, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Fenny Compton, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for dividing, and inclosing a certain Common, or Tract of Commonable Land, passed or known by the Name of Wefihay M,within the Parish of Mear, in the County of Somerset:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Common Meadows, within the Parish of Hanjlop, in the County of Buck-ngham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds,

within the Parishes of Saint Gyles, Saint Sepulchre, Saint Lawrence, and Saint Andrew, in or near the Town of Northampton, in the County of Northampton, some or One of them, and which are commonly called or known by the Name of Northampton Fields.

An Act for uniting the Free Grammar School of James King of England, within the Town of Henley upon Thames, in the County of Oxford, with the Charity School founded in the same Town by Dame Elizabeth Periam, Widow; and for the better Regulation and Management of the said Endowments:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Floore, otherwise Flower, in the County of Northampton.

An ingrossed Bill for the speedy and effectual recruiting of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the speedy and effectual recruiting of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines.

Ordered, That the Lord Barrington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by EfKm*tr$ His Majesty’s Command, North

Estimate of the Charge of Three Regiments of Fencible Men, to be forthwith raised in North Britain, from 25th April 1778 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 244 Days.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Recnuting

the

Land Pwce%

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Three Regiments of Fencible Men, to be forthwith raised in North Britain, from 25th April 1778 to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 244 Days.

Numbers. Pay, fcc, for 244 Days.

Duke of Buccleugh's Regiment - - - - Duke of Gordon's D° Lord Frederick Campbell's Allowance for 3,246 Men, at £. 1. is. per Man - 1.169 1.169 1.169 £. s. d. 14.066 12 — 14.066 12 14.066 12 3,408 6

Total. 3»5°7 45,608 2 —

War Office, 16 April 1778. — _ .

Barrington.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Sevennight, the 29th Day of this Instant April, Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Mercurti, 290 Aprilis;

Anno 18* Georgii III. Regis, 1778. Prayers.

AM ES S AG E from the Lords by Mr. Brozvning and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

15

Act to enable the Corporation of Trinity Hoifc of Deptford Strond, to establish and maintain a Light House on the Rocks called The Smalls, in Channel; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An RebnMag Act for impowering the Mayor, Aldermen, and Com- Newgate, mons, of the City of London, in Common Council *

assembled, to raise upon the Credit of the Surplufes to arise out of a certain Fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds,

towards discharging the Debt incurred in rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate, and ar- Sessions House adjoining, and for completing the said Gaol, and building an Infirmary thereto; and other the Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Kitten Act to fepeal an Act, passed in the last Session of Parlia- SnaaU Debt*.

ment.

Naunton

Inclosure*

Otley and Newall Inclosure.

Saltncy

Marfti

Inclosure,

fcc.

Glenwhclt

Road.

©llcrton

Indoiure.

Offices

and

impiojment*.

THnnington

Inclosure.

Tyne Bridg< at Hexham.

Summer Rods Bar Road.

18 Geo. III. 29° Ap 937

ment, for the Recovery of Small Debts within the several Parishes of Surfieet,

ningtoii, Bicker, Stvinejhead, Wigtoft, Sutter ton, Algarkirke, Fof dyke, Kirton, Framptoand Bro-

ther toft, within the Hundred of Kirton, and County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Hills, Downs, Failures, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Naunton, in the County of Gloucester-, without any Amendment: And

also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the d own ships of Otley and Nezcall with Clifton, in the West Riding of the County of York without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and preserving, a certain Common or Parcel of Waste Ground, or Marsh, called Saltncy Marsh, within the Manor and Parish of Haivar-den, in the County of Flint-, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Part of the Road (directed to lie repaired by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, from Carlisle to Neiccastle upon Tyne) near Glci.zchclt, to another Part of the Road (so

making fro.n Carlisle to upon Shildon

Common, in the County of Northumberland; and for making more effectual Provision for the Repair of the said Road; without any Amendment: And alf®,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Ollerton, in the Parish of Edioinjtoxo, in the County of Nottingham without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themfel ves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver m their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors j without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Meadow, Carr, Common, and Waste Ground, within the Township of Dinnington, in the Parishes of Saint Leonard and Saint John, in the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a Stone Bridge across the River Tyne, opposite the d own of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, and for making proper Roads and Avenues to and from the same; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for altering, repairing, and widening, the Road from Summer Rods Bar, near the Town of , in

the County of Northumberland, to the Town of A If on, in the County of Cumberland; without any Amendment: And also,

Yoi. 36.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An GratVy Act for dividing and allotting certain Open and In cloture. Common Fields in the Manor and Parish of Graf by, in the County of Southampton; without any Amend-

ment: And also.

The Lords have a'greed to Ihe Bill, intituled, An Bolsover Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields Inclosure, and Commons, within the Manor of in the

Par iilies of Boljbver and Clown, in the Chunty cf Derby; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bolfterftone-Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons tnciofure. and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Boljlesstone, in the Parish of Ecclesfield, in the County of York j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Fonrftone* Act for dividing and inclosing a Common Moor, or biciolurc. Tract of Waste Ground, called Fourjlones Common, within the Barony or Manor of Langley, and in the Parish of Warden, in the county of ;

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Ta«.y Act for building a Bridge across the River Bridge,

at a Place called the Wich Tree, in the Parish of Llanjumlett, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Llangevelach, in the County of Glamorg; for making proper Avenues or Roads to and-from the said Bridge; and also for repairing and widening the Road from Pentre Brook, near a Place called in the

Parish of Saint John's, near Szcanfea, to the said in-

tended Bridge; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made Darby’*' by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve Dlvorte. the Marriage of Thomas Darby, Clerk, with Mary his Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Wright’* carrying into execution an Agreement entered into by Agreement. Sir James Wright, Baronet, for Sale of the Manor of Hufborne Tarrant, and several Wood Lands and Hereditaments, in the Cqunty of Southampton, to Joseph Portal, Esquire; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the MeflTengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. from Account;

the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the . Coals, &c. Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities of Coals, Culm, and Cinders, delivered in the Port of London, for Five Years preceding 6th January 1778; distinguishing each Year, and the Ports from whence shipped.

And then he withdrew

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for impowering the Mayor, Alder- Moorfidd* men, and Commons, of the City of London, in Com- to mon Council assembled, to make a Street or Opening ‘ '^>csate* from Moorfields, opposite Chifzeell Street, towards the new Streets. East, into Bishopsgate Street, andjtlfo from the End of Chificell Street, Westward, into Barbican and to raile upon’ the Credit of the Surplufes to arise out of a certain Fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, the Sum of Sixteen thousand Five hundred Pounds for such Purpose, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for impowering the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council affenibled, to make a Street or Opening from

11 F

Aldersgate

Paving.

Maid ford Inclosure.

Findhorn Harbour.

Trade of Ireland.

938 290 Ap A. 1778.

Moorfields, opposite Chijivell towards the East,

into Bijkopfgate Street, and also from the East End of

Ckifwell Street, West ward, into Barbican , and to raise

upon the Credit of the Surplufes to arise out of a certain Fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, the Sum of Sixteen thousand Five hundred Pounds, for such Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for paving the High Street or Road leading from Aldersgate. Bars, in the Parish of Saint.

Bololph without Aldersgate, London, to the Turnpike near the End of Goswell Street, in the County of dlesex ;and for applying the Sum of Five thousand' Pounds, to be raised upon the Credit of the Surplufes to arise out of a certain Fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, for such Purpose, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for paving the High Street or Road leading from Aldersgate Bars, in the Parish of Saint Botolp/i 1 vidioutAldersgate, London, to the Turnpike near the

End of Goswell Street, in the County of r; and for applying the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, to be raised upon the Credit of the Surplufes to arise out of a certain Fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, for such Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman llaylcy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Grounds, of and within the Parish of Maidford, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Knightley do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Munro, Esquire,

to build and maintain a Harbour and Pier at the Town of Findhorn, in the County of Elgin and Forres, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable lleclor Munro, Esquire, to build and maintain a Harbour and Pier at the Town of Find-horn, in the County of Elgin and Forres.

Ordered, That Mr. Duinlas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Wigan, in the County Palatine of caster, was presented to the Hgufe, and read; Setting forth, That the Trade of the said Borough, as well as of many adjacent Parishes and Townships, hath for several Years chiefly confilied, and now eonfifts, in the weaving and manufacturing of White Cloths, Canvafe -or Sail Cloth, Checques, and other Linen Cloths, or Cotton and Linen mixed, for the Consumption of this Country, as well as for Exportation; and that the greatest Number of the Inhabitants of those Places having been brought up in the said Manufactures, and having served Apprenticeships to the fame, are thereby rendered unable to pursue any other Business, so as to support themselves and Families; and that the said Manufactures being chiefly made of Yarn imported from Jr eland, subject to a Duty there, and to a considerable Charge for Commission for buying, and for Freight and Insuranceupon the same to England, the Petitioners have

with the deepest Concern observed the Resolutions f

*5

the House, of the Eighth and Ninth Days of this Instant April (amongst others) " That all Goods, Wares,

" and Merchandizes, being the Produce or Manufacture " of the Kingdom of Ireland (Wool and Woollen Manufeftures only excepted) or Commodities of the " Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, o Britain,

" legally imported into Ireland, or foreign Certificate " Goods legally imported from Great Britain into " land, be permitted to be exported directly from the " said Kingdom in British Ships, navigated according " to Law, to be imported into any of the British Plantations, or to any of the Settlements belonging to " Great Britain on the Coast of Africa " That the " Duties now payable on the Importation of Cotton " Yarn, being the Manufactureoi Ireland, into Great Britain, do cease, and be no longer paid" And that " all Sail Cloth and Cordage, of the Manufacture of " Ireland, be permitted to be imported into Great " tain, free of Dutywhich, if passed into a Law,

will, as they apprehend, and are advised, enable the People of Ireland to manufacture and fend Goods to foreign Markets cheaper than can be done in this Country, by reason of the Disadvantages above mentioned, and the high Price of Provisions, and other Taxes and Duties, to which the Petitioners apprehend the People of Ireland are not subject; and as the above-mentioned Manufactures have been carried on in this Country for a long Series of Years, by which Means many Families have been drawn from other Countries to follow the same Employ, who have acquired Settlements here, and depend wholly on the said Manufactures for Support, should their Wages be reduced lower than they now are, must necessarily become chargeable to the respective Places to which they belong, which are already burthened with a very numerous Poor, and other Taxes, as much as the Estates or the Inhabitants can bear; and that, although the Petitioners may wish every Encouragement to be given, as well to the Inhabitants of Ireland as of every Part of His Majesty’s Dominions, yet they hope and trull the House will, at the same Time, protest the Manufactures of this Country, so essential to the fame, and by which lb many Thousands of its Inhabitants have depended, and now do depend, altogether for their Support: And therefore praying, That the said Resolutions may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Land Owners, Merchants, Manufacturers, and Traders, in the Borough of Wigan, and several Parishes and Towns adjoining, or near thereto, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was also presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations and Prayer as in the preceding Petition.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Owners, Merchants, and Manufacturers, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is ordered to be brought in, for the Exportation of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, the Produce or Manufacture of the Kingdom of Ireland, directly from the said Kingdom, in British Ships, into any of the British Plantations, or any of the Settlements belonging to Great Britain on the Coast of Africa (Wooland Woollcn Manufact u res on ly excepted); for the Importation of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, the Produce of the British Plantations, or of any of the Settlements belonging to Great Britain on the Coast of Africa, into the said Kingdom of In-

digo and Tobacco only excepted); for the Importation of Cotton Yarn, manufactured in Ireland, into Great Britain; and for the Importation of Sail Cloth and Cordage, manufactured in Ireland, into Great Britain, Duty-free; and alleging, That the Linen Manufactures, which have been at great Expence established, and are

now

Trade of Ireland.

Ditto,

18 Geo. III.

290 Ap

919

Sail Cloth, &c. in ported from Ireland.

bnportatfon

from

America

into

Ireland.

Exportation

from

Ireland

to

America.

now carried on in the Town and Neighbourhood of Pres-. ton, will be very greatly injured, if not altogether ruined, should the said Bill pass into a Law, the Advantages to which the Manufacturers have, by their Labour and Industry, entitled themselves, will be thereby taken from them, the Poor will be deprived of the Means of supporting themselves and their Families, and the Value of Land in this Part of the Kingdom, which depends on the Prosperity of Trade, will not only be extremely reduced, but the Inhabitants will be rendered unable tosupport the great Weight of public Burthens, to which they at present so amply and cheerfully contribute: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem moll expediAt.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The House was moved, That the Order, fnade upon Wednesday the 15 th Day of this Instant , for the Second Reading of the Bill to permit the Importation of Sail Cloth and Cordage, of the Manufacture of Ireland, into this Kingdom, Duty-free, upon Monday next, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Seyennight.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Wednesday the 15th Day of this Inilant April, for the Second Reading of the Bill to permit the Importation of certain Goods from the British Plantations in America, or the BritisliSettlements on the Coall of Africa,

into the Kingdom of Ireland, upon Monday next, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon Wednesday the 15th Day of this Inilant April, for the Second Reading of the Bill to permit the Exportation of certain poods therein mentioned, directlyfrom

land, into any British Plantation in America, or any British Settlement on the Coall of Africa, upon Monday next, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, to whom the Northownta Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste bidofure. Grounds, within the Town Hi ip of Northowram, in the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Coufent.to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates of the annual Value of £. 309. 1 orf.; and that the whole Number of Estates entitled to Right of Common upon the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, are of the Annual Value of 10s.

or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made feveraf Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and heread the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Importation

of

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Wednesday the 15th Day of this Instant April, for the Cotton Yarn. <5^0, Reading of the Bill to permit the Importation of Cotton Yarn, the Manufacture of Ireland, into this Kingdom, Duty-free, upon Monday next, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

'Glass

Manufactured

in

Ireland.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Wednesday the 15th Day of this Instant April, for the Second Reading of the Bill to permit the Exportation of Glass, manufactured in Ireland, from thence to any Place whatsoever, except Great Britain, upon Monday next, might be read.

And the said Order being reed accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Vol. 36.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are subscribed. Inhabitants of the Borough of Bridport, Town of Beamifter, Parish of BroadwindJor, and Places

adjacent, in the County of Dorset, being Mailer Manufacturers of Sail Cloth and Cordage, on behalf of themselves and their numerous Dependants, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, for permitting all Sail Cloth and Cordage, of the Manufacture of Ireland, to be imported from Ireland into Great Britain, free of Duty; and that, should such a Law take place, the Petitioners apprehend, from the great Cheapness of Provisions and Labour in that Kingdom, and other local Advantages, the will soon be enabled to rival the Manufactories of those Articles in Great Britain, in which same the Petitioners will be deprived of their only remaining Branches of Trade, and their Labourers and Dependants mull inevitably be reduced to the lowest Distress, no other Manufactories to any considerable Extent being carried on in either of these Towns and Parishes: And therefore praying. That the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to permit the Importation of Sail doth and Cordage, of the Manufacture of,

into this Kingdom, Duty-free, be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of foreign Sail Cloth exported, and to what Country, for Ten Years lait pall j distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there' be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of British Sail Cloth exported, and to what Country, from the Year 1754 to the Year 1777, both inclusive; distinguishing each Year. *

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity or Number of Bolts of Sail Cloth, supplied the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Navy, for His Majesty’s Service, from the Year 1754 to the Year 1777, both inclusive; distinguishing the Quantity each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the

Amount

Sail Cloth, &c. imported from Ireland.

Account; Sail Cloth.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Account;

Linens.

Account; Liaens.

Account; Glass, &c.

Suppl/.

Dirs* Nat,

Bcfnard’s

Nit.

Sutton'f

Estates*

940 29* — 30*

Amount of the Excise Duties oft printed Linens and Cottous, from Christmas 1772 to 1777; dif-

tinguishing the Amount of each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Irish Linens, Checks, and Sail Cloth, imported into England from Christmas 1773 to Christmas 1777; distinguishing the Quantities imported in each Year.

Ordered, That there be lard before this' House, an Account of thp Value of Glass and Earthen Ware, and Sugars refined, exported from England to Ireland, from Christmas 1773 to Christmas 1777; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Orderof the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of the several Count ies in South

tain, from 26th March 1778 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 274 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the additional Clothing for the Embodied*Militia, for the Year 1778, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Three Regiments of Fencible Men, to be forthwith raised in North Britain, from 25th Ap 1778 to 2.4th December foWow'wg, both inclusive, being 244 Days, be referred to the said Committee,

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Grey Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Grey Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Mbrning.

Sir Qrey Cooper also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Court Henry Dirs, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Phillippe Befnard, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir Robert Sutton, deceaised, in the County of Lincoln, in Sir Richard Sutton, Baronet, in Fee Simple; and for veiling certain Lands of the said Sir Richard Sutton, in in

the County of Nottingham, in the Archbishop of York, and his Successors, in Fee Simple, in Exchange for the 22

Aprilis. A, 1778.

Mansion House, Park, and Lands, of the said Sir Richard Sutton, called Norwood Park, and Hall Meadow, in the said County of Nottingham, now held by the said Sir Richard Sutton, upon Lease for Lives; and for veiling the fame, together with other Lands of the said Sir Richard Sutton, in the county of ,

in lieu of the said settled Estates, w as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brett, Mr. Frederick Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 30° di;

Ann* iSr Georgii III., U Regis, 1778.

Pra x s R 3.

THE House being informed that Mr. Rutherford, (from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa)attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1776, The Account of " the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading " to Africa-, distinguishing every Article of Expence " under its proper Title’"

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper w as read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, and Manufacturers, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Stockport, in the County Palatine of CInfer, was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting lord), That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, That certain Bills are brought in, for the Exportation of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of Ireland, directly from thence in lliips, into any of

the British Plantations, or any of the Settlements belonging to Great Britain on the Coast of Africa (W’ooi and Woollen Manufactures only excepted); and for the Importation of Cotton Yarn, manufactured in into Great Britain; and that, iliould those Bills be passed into a Law, it would be exceedingly oppretfire, and even ruinous, to many Thousands of the industrious Manufacturers of the said Town and Neighbourhood, who are at present very happily and beneficially employed in making Checques, and various other Goods, which require great Quantities both of Linen and Cotton Yarn; but thisnfeful and extensive Branch of Bu-finess, the}' clearly fee, would be taken from them by the above Indulgence, because the Price of Labour in Ireland bears f'o final 1 a Proportion to that of England, a Circumstance which would enable the Manufacturers to undersell the English both at Home and in every foreign Market; and, should this betheCalV, the inevitable Consequence to the Petitioners would bo the Loss of Trade, which would greatly depreciatothe'Value of their Estates, and leave such ail incredible Nucna-ber of Poor, that it would be utterly impossible for the

Petitioners

Wars

and Meansj

African

Compaq

Trade of Ireland.

Trade of Jxehnd.

Rufkingtoo

JneJofurr.

>Jorthowram

lacloTure.

Wright’s

Agreement,

Campbell

Bfkttp.

18 Geo. Ill* 30* Jpri* 941

Petitioners to support them as the Law requires, and contribute their Share towards eating the great Burthens of the State, if indeed another bad Consequence would not arise, for many of these poor Artificers, being defti-tnte of Work for their Support, would naturally migrate vifh that Branch of Business to which they had been brought Up, and With which they bad so long main-, fained themselves and their Familiesj and with respect to Linen Yarn, the Petitioners beg Leave to inform the House, that the Balance seems already to be in Favour of the Iri/fi, who grow the Flax (by which the Landed interest there is particularly benefited) and spin the same into Yarn, which is bought with ready Money by Jhe EnglishManufacturers, who allow to their Factors

in Ireland, Two per Cent. Commission Money, and pay there One Halfpenny per Pound Duty, besides the fcxpenee of Freight, Infurftnce, Sic.; and that these Advantages to Ireland are very great, is evident from the large Quantity of Yarn imported, as by Reference had tt> the.Custom House Book# at. Liverpool, and other Ports on the Western Coalt of this Kingdom, might be tnade appear; and tlmt the Petitioners further apprehend, that there is not anvNeccIlity to import Cotton Yarn from Ireland, as a sufficient Number of I lands are employed here in spinning that Article for the Mann. fufturerS: l ire Petitioners therefore, with all Submission, request, that these Particulars may be taken into the serious Consideration of the House, and that, whatever Reason there may be for the Encouragement of Irijk Manufactures, it may not be carried into Execution at so great an Expebce of His Majesty’s Subjects, as to spread Poverty at>d D ill refs over a Country where, by Length of Time, and the unwearied In. dbftry and Care of the Inhabitants, Plenty and Happi-bess are beginning to Heat themselves.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An mgroflefl Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Reids, Meadow Grounds, Common Pen, Cow Pad u re, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parifo Of Rnfkington, in the County of Lincoln, was tread the Third Time.

jRefohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the 'Open Com-toon Fields, Meadow Grounds, Common Fen, Chw Pasture, and other Gommomble Lands, in the Parish of Rujkington, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Sibthorpedo carry the Bill to the

Lords, and-desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossfed Bill for dividing and inching the Commons and Waste Grounds "within the Towoship of Northowtatn, in the Parish of ^Halifax, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do p»fs: And that thuTitle be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of ri am, in the Parish of Utdifoi, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr, Orel do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement entered into by Sir Jtmes Wriglft, Baronet, for Sale of the Manor

of Unfairne Tarrant, and fevered Wood Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Southampton, to Joseph 'Portal, l/fqnfre$ and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase Of other Lands and Herfc-ditaurenTs, to be settled to the feme Lfes, was read the first Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill froth the Loitfe, intituled, An Act Vox. 36.

for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to fell such Parts and Portions of the entailed Estates of Shawfteld, and others, in the Comities of Lanark and Argyle, belonging to Walter Campbell of Shazqfield, Esquire, as’ shall be sufficient For Payment of the Debts affecting the fame, was read a Second Time.

Residred, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Frederick Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of |tie principal Inhabitants of the Town

of Famham, in the County of Surrey, and of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, residing near the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; Set* ting forth. That the Petitioners observe Application is made for a Bill, for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Town of Basingsloke, in the County of Southampton, to the -River Wcy, in the Parish of Chert-Jey, in the said County of Sand that the Petitioners conceive, the making such navigable Canal will be of great Benefit to them, and to all Persons having Estates in the Neighbourhood through which the Cabal is proposed to be made, and wiH be of public Utility; And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tav Me, until the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making a navigable Canal from the Town of Basingslokt, in the County of Southampton, to communicate with the River Wcy, in the Parish of Chertsey, in the County of Surrey, was committed, be taken into further Consideration.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Duties paid on the Importation of Hemp into Great Britain, as also all Drawbacks upon the Reexportation of the same to Ireland, from Chrtfmat 1746 to Chri/lmOs 1777'; distinguishing each Year.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into farther Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making a navigable Canal from the Town of Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton, to communicate with the River Wcy, in the Parish of Chertsey, in the County of Surrey, was committed 5

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

Tfien the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Report was again read.

And the Petition of Samhrooke Freeman, of Berkeley Square, in the County of Mi Esquire, Thomas Rq/hleigh, of Bartlets Buildings, London, Gentleman, Executor -of the Will of Doctor William ,deceased, Anne Penning, of Great Lhxjjil in the said

County of Middlesex, Spinster, Anne Baltic, of the feme

Place, Spinlier, and other the Creditors under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament thereinafter more particularly mentioned, intituled, "An Act for imntpVing and completing the Navigation of the River Thames " and Isis, from die City of London to the Town of " Crirfrtade, in the County of Wilts," whole Name# are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of fevered Owners and Occupiers of Locks and Winche# on the River Thames, below the Influx of the River Ketmett, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, against the said Bill; and -also the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Famham, in the County of Surrey, and of several 'Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, residing near the said Town, in Favour of the said Bill, were also read.

34 6 Anj

Basingftok*

CaoaL.

Account Hemp.

flafingstoke

f|!aaaL

Basingstoke

Canal.

*npply.

942

30° Aprilis. A. 1778.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners agftinct the Bill was heard, and examined several NVitnesses in Support of the Allegations of the said Petitions, and went thiQugh his Evidence.

Then the Counsel for the Bill was heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, be now read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this " Day Three Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, { CM'’\38

Tellers for the Noes, J: 110

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, be now read a Second Time.

The said Amendments being accordingly read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for fixing the Rates at which Passage and Plqafure Boats shall pass the Locks.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Whilivortli accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee hod directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s 1 able: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz. [

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Four hundred and Two thousand Six hundred Twenty-two Pounds and Nine Shill ings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Britain, from the Twenty-sixth Day of One thousano Seven hundred and Seventy-eight to the Twenty-fourth Day of December following, both juclu-five, being Two hundred and Seventy-four Days,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-seven thousand Five hundred Fifty-nine Pounds Seven Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charge of additional Clothing for the Embodied Militia, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-five thousand Six hundred Eight Pounds and Two Shillings be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Three Regiments of fencible Men, to be forthwith raised in North Britain, from the Twenty-fifth Day of April One Thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight to the

Twenty-fourth Day of December following, both Dayff inclusive, being Two hundred and Forty-four Days.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Iloulb.

A Petition of the several Makers and Manufacturers; Glass of Glass, in the Neighbourhood of Stourbridge and ‘‘amifaSurcd Dudley, in the Counties of Worcesterand Stafford, was Ireland, presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, there is a Bill now depending before the House, whereby Glass, manufactured in Ireland, may be exported by the Irish, except into Britain; and that the Petitioners do now, and for mj*ny Years pall have carried on the making of Glass in the Neighbourhood aforesaid; and that the said Trade js charged with heavy Duties laid on the Materials uled in carrying on the fame, which Duties leave a very considerable Charge on all manufactured Goods exported fromthis Kingdom. although the Petitioners ate allowed a certain Drawback on all Goods so exported, such Drawback being materially lei’s than the Duties with which the Petitioners are changed upon such Goods; and that the Petitioners are apprehensive, should the said Bill he carried into a Law, their Trade will be nia, terially injured, by the very considerable Charge, which, after deducting the allowed Drawback, will remain upon their Goods exported, should the Makers and Mamt-t facturers of Glass in Ireland be allowed, by the said Bill, to export Glass free from all Duties, which, by enabling them so greatly to undersell the Petitioners at Foreign Markets, would, in the Apprehension of the Petitioners, operate as a Prohibition to the exporting the Glass Manufactures of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves and Couufel, against the said Bill passing into a Law, or that they may have such Relief in the Premises ag to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Ta- .;

ble, until the Bill to permit the Exportation of Glass manufactured in Ireland, from thence to any Place whatsoever, except Great Britain, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by them- selves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour.of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Se- Registering vennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ices

House, upon the Bill to continue and amend an Act, 9 orn* made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for registering tha " Prices at which Corn is fold in the several Counties " of Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and " imported."

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Se- Culture vennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of Oat*. House, upon the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His pre-fertt Majesty, intituled, "An Act for explaining and v amending so much of an Act, made in the First Year f< of the Reign of King James the Second, intituled,

" An additional Act for the Improvement of Tillage,"

" as relates to the City of London," so far as I he same relates to the Method of..examining and determining the Prices of Middling British Oats.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the Allowance upon the Exportation of BnV^/-madeGuupowder; to the further encouraging r..' the Maoufacture of British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties

pavable

Supply Bill; Exchequer Bills.

Exportation

Bonds.

Stirling

Highways.

Bolnhurst

Inclosure.

Findhorn

Harbour.

Fen net*/! Elhuei.

18 Geo. III. 30° Aprilis — 1° Mail. 943

payable on Foreign Sail Cloth; to the granting a Li- Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s bert v to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Ma- Chamber. nuliiCiure, of any of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, dir

reel I y to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, A Petition of the Merchants, and principal Manu- Trade of and navigated according to Law; to the further Punish- faAurers of Nails and other Articles in the Iron Trade, bcland. ment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance at or near Dudley, in the County of in Be-

of the Laws of Customs or Excise; to the prohibiting half of themselves and others concerned in t|ic Iron the Importation of light Silver Coin of this Realm, from Manufactory, was presented to the House, and read;

Foreign Countries, into Great Britain or Ireland, and Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, that Leave to refirain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum; to is given to bring in a Bill, for opening a free Trade the granting a Bounty upon Flax Seed imported into between Ireland and the Settlements in America

Ireland; to the better regulating of Pilots, for thecon- and the and alleging, that there is a very

duAing of Ships and Veil'ds from Dover, Deal, and large Quantity of Raffia Iron imported into this King-of Thanet; and to revive and continue so much of dom, a considerable Proportion of which is manufac-ao Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Ma- tured into Nails and many other Articles in the said jesty’s Reign, as relates to allowing the Exportation of Town and Neighbourhood; and that there is a.Duty certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to of £.z. 8s. Ton paid on all Iron im-His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America. ported here, and a Drawback of the said Duty of about

£.1.i8.v. 6d. per Ton on its Exportation to Ireland, And then the Ilonfe adjourned tijl Tomorrow which gives them an Advantage of nearly 17 \ per Morning, Ten of the Clock. Cent, upon the r^yv Materials; and that, if the said

Bill should pass into a Law, and the said Drawback on the Exportation of Russia Iron to Ireland be Hill continued, the Petitioners have just Reason to fear, that the great Advantage they will have in this Particular, together with the Lowness of their Rents, Provision, Labour, and Taxes, will deprive many Thoilfand iriduf- T

trious Manufacturers in the Neighbourhood of Dudley ‘

of the Means of maintaining themselves and Families, and thereby necefiitate them to emigrate, or starve at Home; and that, taking it in a more extensive View, the

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Browning Petitioners conceive, should such a B1I pass into aLaw, and^Mr. Pepys: it will produce the most serious Consequences to this

Mr. Speaker, Kingdom, by lessening the Strength and Revenue there-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An of, the former by great Emigrations of various Artificers AA for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or from which the Army is greatly recruited, the latter by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thou- impoverishing great Numbers of indultriousTradelmen, sand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight; without any and thereby rendering them unable to bear the present Amendment: And also, heavy Taxes; And therefore praying. That the House

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An will take the Premises into their Consideration, so that AA to repeal such Part of an Act, made in the laftSef- the Petitioners may be placed at least upon an equal fion of Parliament, as relates to the Manner of discharg- Footing with the ManufaAurers of Ireland. ing Bonds given for the due Exportation of certain A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Manu- Ditto. Goods from Great Britain to Foreign Parts; and to ex- faAurers, of the City of Glasgoip, wag also presented

tend such Part of the same Act as obliges the Mailer of to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Peti-Britiskor Irish Ships, failing from any of His Majesty’s tioners have seen printed Copies of Five different Bills Dominions into the Baltic, to deliver a Manileft of now depending, respecting the Trade and Manufactures their Cargoes to the BrilijhConlul residing the re, to of Ireland, all of which, if passed into Laws, they are the like Vessels failing into Denmark, Norway, and of Opinion, will tend greatly to the Prejudice of the Archangel; without any Amendment: And also, Commerce and Manufactures of Great Britain; and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act that the Petitioners are West-wilhers to the Happiness for repairing the Highways and Bridges, in the County and Prosperity of their Fellow Subjects in Ireland; but of Stirling; without any Amendment: And also, when they refleA that, upon the Faith of the Continua-

The Lords have agreed to the BilL intituled, An Act tion of those Laws by which the Commerce and Manu-for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common faAures of Britain have for so long a Time been regu-Fields, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within lated, they have made all those expensive Establish-Ihe Manor and Parish of Bolnhurst, in the County of . ments so necessary for their Business both in the Com-Bedford; and for exonerating certain ancient Inclo- mercial and in the ManufaAuring Line, they cannot be litres, within the said Manor and Parish, from the Pay- silent under the View of being deprived of their wonted ment of I y thes; without any Amendment: And also, Privileges, and thereby reduced from an affluent to an . The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act indigent State; for the Petitioners cannot entertain a to-enable lleclor Munro, Esquire, to build and main- Doubt, that the passing into Laws the Bills now detain a Harbour and Pier at the Town of Findhorn, in pending will very much diiuiniih the Commerce and the County of Elg in and Forres;without any Amend- Manufactures of Great Britain; the natural Advan-ment. tages of Ireland are such, as, in that Event, to establish

And then the Messengers withdrew, in the said Kingdom many of those Manufactures by

which Great Britain has been enriched; by the Lots An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act of those Manufactures, and the consequent Decrease for vesting the settled Estates of Thomas Bennett the of our Population, not only will the Landed Interest Younger, and Elizabeth his Wife, in Trnltees, to be suffer exceedingly, but the National Reputation mull conveyed in Exchange for other Estates of greater Va- also fink, from the Inability of the remaining People hie, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second to pay those Taxes, which are so essentially necessary Time. for the Support of Government; and although it is

Re fixed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Darker, very natural that the Petitioners, from Motives of pri-Sir George Robinson, See.: And they are to meet this vate Interest, should oppose the Bills now depending,

Yol. 36. 'yep

V,enerts, 1® die Maii \

Anno 18° Georgii IIIt;i Regis, 1778.

Pr A.VE R S.

944

yet do they (although in the most dutiful and respectful Manner) beg Leave to represent, that, even upon the most liberal Principles, the Commercial Privileges of Great Britain ought only to be extended to those Parts of the Empire where the People pay Taxes in Proportion to those levied upon the Inhabitants of;

and, if the Petitioners are not very much mistaken, the Taxes paid by the People of Ireland bear but a fmaJl Proportion to those established in Britain; and therefore, by passing into Laws the Bills now depending, an Encouragement will be given to the Trade and Manufactures of Ireland, not only ruinous to those of Britain, but which the People of Ireland have no Title, either in Justice or in Policy, to receive: And therefore praying, not only that the Bills now depending may not be passed, but that no Indulgences, which may be detrimental to the Commerce and Manufactures of Britain, may be allowed, until, by bearing their proportional Share of the National Expence, the People of Ireland shall become, in Justice and in found Policy, Entitled to an unlimited Freedom in Commerce and Manufactures; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by Counsel, against the Bills above mentioned.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

1778.

dered the Vestry Clerks of the several Parishes, in the Extract hereunto annexed, mentioned, to attend them with a Lilt of the Guardians appointed by virtue of the said Act, distinguishing the Guardians chosen each Third Year, and what Vacancies have been filled up, as likewise the Number of Times each Guardian has attended; and also an Account in Writing, of the Number of Children received since the patting of the said Act, under their Care, from their Birth to Six Years of Age, and how many of them have died, and how many have been delivered to their Parents; as likewise an Account of the Number of Children put out Apprentice from the Age of Six Years upwards; and all'o to produce the Minute Books of the Proceedings of the Guardians of the Infant Poor, in pun'uanc# of the said Act.

Whereupon the Vestry Clerks of the Parishes in the said Extract, hereunto annexed, mentioned, produced to your Committee the said Accounts} and such as had Committee Books produced them to your Committee, who carefully inspected the fame; and upon such inspection it appeared, that since the Commencement of the said Act, the Total Number of Children in the Parishes referred to in the said Extract annexed, is as follows:

I. Mail.

Deane*!

Mate.

Mr. Salusbury Brereton reported front the Committee,

to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Anthony Deane the Younger, Esquire, in the County of in

Traftees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money ariiing by such Sale, together with other Monies herein mentioned, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the several Uses therein expressed, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to he House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Salusbury Brereton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Received in the Eleven Years 9,727

Died - - - - 2,042

Returned to their Parents - 4,600

Apprenticed.....2,704

And it also appeared to your Committee, upon Inspection of the said Accounts and Minute Books, that very few Meetings of the Guardians have been held in pursuance of the Act, except in the Parishes of Saint Ann, Westminster, the United Parishes of Saint And no

above Bat's, Saint George the Martyr, and Saint An~ drew, Ilolborn; and that the Election of Guardians, according to the Directions of the said Act, has hot been duly made, except in the said Parishes; and that the General Inspection of the State of the Parish Infant Poor by the Guardians appointed by virtue of the said Act, has been very little attended to in many Parishes-; and there has not been any Attendance for several Years in some of them; and that no Appointment. of Guardians, according to the Directions of the said Act, has ev er been made in several of the Parishes.

Parish

Poor

-Children.

Mr. Salusbury Brereton reported from the Committee, ifcho were appointed to examine into the State of the Parish Poor Children, within the Seventeen Parishes Without the Walls of London, the Twenty-three Parishes in Middlesex and Surrey, within the Bills of Mortality,

and the Ten Parishes within the City and Liberty of Westminster; and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House; and who were inftrlifted to consider of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation of the Parish Poor Children of the several " Parishes therein mentioned, within the Bills of Mor-u talityj" That the Committee had examined the same accordingly, and had oonfidered the said Act; and that the Committee had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to Peport to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, proceeded in their Inquiry how far the Act of Parliament, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Parish Poor Children of the several Parishes therein mentioned, within the Bills of Mortality, has been carried into Execution.

And the said Act being read, ^our Committee

And your Committee apprehend, that in case the Duty Of the Guardians shall be extended on b.ehalf of the Parish Poor Children till such Time as they shall be delivered to their Parents, or apprenticed out; and that if the said Act was extended to the Parish of Pan-eras, in the County of Middlesex and also, if the said Act was altered and amended in several other Rcipefts, the same would tend to the more effectual Execution thereof, and be of great public Utility.

Upon the Whole, your Committee came to tlte following Resolutions; viz.

Refolwd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Act has produced very salutary Effects, in the Preservation of the Lives of great Numbers of the Infant Parish Poor.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committed, That the fayt Act, in many Respects, may be amended, altered, and extended, for the more effectual Execution thereof.

The

Chamfer-

fiownc's

Estates*

Martin’s

Estates.

18 Geo. m. I' MaiL 945

The Extract referred to in the foregoing Report.

Names of Parishes. Children received UndefSix Years old. Died Children^ Children returned to their Parents. Children appren- ticed.

St. Giles in the.Fields and St.George, Bloomsbury -St. Matgarct's and St. John's, Westmi - -Si. Ann's, Westminster - - *>479 177 956 3*9

1,109 181 766 172

3*4 xoo 152 76

St. James, Westminster - - 861 215 25° 243

St. Clements Danes - - - *57 "3 84 , 89

St. Andrew's above Bars, and St. George the Martyr 756 *37 308 207

Saffron Hill ----- 231 3° 82 95

St. JameSi Clerkenwell St. Mery, Whitechapel St. Saviour's, Southwark - 701 104 456 116

449 69 102 286

539 105 205 187

St. Leonard, Shoreditch - 586 99 *78 185

St. John, Southwark - - L54 48 65 127

St. Luke, Old Street - - 4x1 103 *°3 234

St. Botolph, Aldgate - -St. Martin's in the Fields - 297 9° 130 IOI

1,512 463 736 321

St. Paul's, Covent Garden - 51 8 27 36

9>727 2,042 4,600 2»794

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Rill to amend an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, *' An Act for the better Regulation of the Parish Poor Children of the several Parishes therein mentioned, within the rt Bills of Mortality." And that Mr. Sain (bitty ton. Sir Charles Whithworth, and Mr. IVkiLioarlh, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Graves reported from the Committee, to whom, the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Reverend Richard , and the

Receiver, for the Time being, of the Estates of Arthur Champemowtie, Esquire, an Infant, to grant Leases and Setts of the same Estates, during his Minority, was Committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be( true; and that the Parties Concerned had given, their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, Without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mi1. Graves do carry the Bill id the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed tb the fame, Without any Amendment.

Mr. Powys.reported from the Committee, to whom

the mgrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates Of Henty Martin, Gentleman, and Elizabeth his Wife, in Elton, in the County of Huntingdon, in Trustees, to be exchanged, or to be sold, and the Money laid out in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table,

Vol. 36.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Powys do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Punishment further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to inquire into ran the Meath res which have been adopted and pursued for H*rdL&b«ur. Carrying into execution an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to authorize, for a limited Time, the Punishtnent by Hard Labour of Offenders, who, for " certain Crimes, are or shall become liable to ba " transported to any of His Majesty’s Colonies and " Plantations," and also into the Eft’efts produced by the said Act; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Hairing to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Law., upon the Bill to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the Allowance upon the Exportation of Bri/i/h-m&de Gunpowder; to the further encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on foreign Sail Cloth; to the granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth,

Produce, or Manufacture, of any of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, directly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law;’ to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excite; to the prohibiting the Importation of light Silver Coin of this Realm, from foreign Countries, into Great Britain or Ireland, and to restrain the Tender , thereof beyond a certain Sum; to the granting a Bounty upon Flax Seed imported into to the:

better regulating of Pilots, for the conducting of Shjps and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and Isle of Thanet; and to revive and continue so much of an Act, made in, the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and ot, her Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Coiopie6 in America, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Whitworth reported fi-om the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; Which they had directed hiitt to report, when the Hdufe will please to receive the ftime. *

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into J>egen’» a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Divorce. Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Cliri/topher Degen, with.

Furlong, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Whitworth took, the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee, to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed

11II hixn

rQ Mali.

African

Company.

?ap?fts’ Peed* and Will*.

Member* not to be concerned in certain Contrails.

946

him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recom-. mends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have laid before the House, an Account of the Money granted for the Year 1776, examined and passed by the Curlitor Baron of the Exchequer, as required by an Act of the Twenty-third of George the Second, intituled, "An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa and that they have invdted the Money, granted in 1777, for the Support of the Forts and: Settlements on the said Coast; and that the Forts and Settlements on the said Coast having been delivered to the Petitioners in a very bad State by the Royal African Company, and the Sums annually granted by Parliament being nearly expended in the Civil and Military Ellablillnnents, leaving very little for the Repairs of the said Forts, Several of them still remain in a very ruinous Condition; and that the Petitioners find, by the Books of Accounts received from Africa, ending the 31st of December 1776, that there was, at that Time, due and owing to the Officers and Servants there a Debt of £.24,694. 14.?. urf. Coast Money, which, according to their Method of Calculation, amounts to the Sum of 16,463. 3.?. o llerling; and the Petitioners have too much Reason to apprehend, that the said Debt is considerably increased since that Time, owing, in some Measure,' to the Supplies sent out being considerably lessened by the additional Expence of Freight and I(durance; and that the Petitioners, being sensible of the great Regard fiiewn by the House for the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, therefore pray the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Sum for the necessary Support and Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, for repaying the Officers and Servants the several Sums of Money advanced by them, and likewise for the Repairs still wanted, as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they hud directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for restraining any Person, being a Member of the House of Commons, from being concerned himself, or any Person in Trull for him, in any Contraft made by the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, the Commissioners of the Navy, the Board of Ordnance, or by any other Person or Persons, for 22

A. 1778.

the Public Service, unless the said Contraft shall be made at a public Bidding;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put* That the said Bill be now read a Second Time; -

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Telfertfor the 1 ?2'

Tellers for the Noes, j } 6‘-

So it.was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the fai^l Bill was accordingly read aSecond Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolped, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole-House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee'of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into’ the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Clmir.

Mr. Gascoyne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gascoyne reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. ....

Ordered, TTiat the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Gascoyne allb acquainted the House, that lie was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole' House, to consider further of Ways and Means for, raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, andinelofinjg, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Com- ? mon Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and-Grounds, of and, within the Parish and Liberties of iVootton, in the County of Nwas read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title, be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open ajid Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and otljer Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish, and Liberties of Wootton, in the County of Northampton.,

Ordered, That Mr. Powys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to-His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Mom- -ing next, Ten of the Clock. _

Ways ml Mtanfe

Woottovt

lucloiure*

Supply.

i8Ge6.HL

Christ Chufch* Middlesex, Poor.

Rye Way, &c. Roads.

Lunce> 40 die Maii J Anno i8# Georgii III*11 Regis, 1778; Prayers.

AN ingrossed Hill to Amend an Act, passed in thd Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second; more effectually to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of , to purchase, hire, or erect, a Workhouse, for the employing and maintaining the Poor of the said Parish, and for the more effectual Support and Employment of the Poor therein, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, declaring, that the Churchwardens thall take Security of the Treasurer.

And the said Clause was Twice read, wdth a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for allowing the Annuitants and Contributors to inspect and take Copies of the Books; and inflicting a Penalty in same of Refusal.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for allowing an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

And the said Clause was Twice read, w’ith Blanks which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 21. 1. 21. After " Parish" to insert " to be " sued for, and recovered, in the " Name of the Treasurer, for the " Time being, in the Court of " Requests for the Tower Hamlets aforesaid."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, more effectually to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, to purchase, hire, or erect, a Workhouse for the employing and maintaining the Poor of the said Parish, and for the more effectual Support and Employment of the Poor therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several Gentlemen of the Counties of Hereford and Radnor was presented to the House, and tearl; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the 26th Day of February last, Notices were given in the Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden for the Counties of Hereford and Radnor, and by Advertisements in the public News Papers, published within the same Counties, within the Months of March and April last, or One of them, of Application having been made to Parliament, for an Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second,

intituled, "An Act for amending, repairing, and " widening, the Roads leading from the Rye Wmj, in the Parish of Yarpole, in the County of Hereford, Vc;.. 5(3.

tc to P ref eigne, in the County of Radnor, Hud from " thence to Leintwardine, and from Pres eigne afore*

said, to the Top of Trap Hill, and from the Rye " Way aforesaid, by the Maidenhead, to in

u the County of Salop f and for amending the Road front the Turrtpike Road at Lingeti to; and

also the Road from the Turnpike Road near PreJ-teigne, by Rodhurf, to Tilley; and all’o the Road from Nash Lime Kilns, by Rodhurf, to BrUadford; in the said County of Hereford, in such and the like Manner as are required to bd given by the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills: And therefore pray* ing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, and for amending the several new or additional Road9 before described, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the' Consideration of a Committee: And that tl>ey do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Baker, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and' Records.

A Petition of the Mayor and Capital Burgesses the Borough and Foreign of Walsall, in the County of Stafford, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto set and subscribed, M anufaftu rers of Biafs and Iron at and nea* the Borough aforesaid, on behalf of themselves, and other Manufacturers of Brass and Iron in this Kingdom, was presented to the House; and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for opening a free Trade between Ireland and all the Set-

tlements; and that, should such a Law take Place, it will deprive great Numbers of Manufacturers, in this Kingdom, of the Means of maintaining themselves and numerous Families, or otherwise cause such Emigrations of Manufacturers from this Country to Ireland (where Labour and Provisions of all Sorts are cheaper) as will enable that Kingdom, in a few Years* to rival the Manufactures of England: And therefore praying. That such Bill may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Citizens, and Manufacturers of Gloves, in the City of Worcester, whole' Names are thereunto subscribed, was also pre* fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Bills have been, read, for opening a free Trade between Ireland and the British Plantations and Settlements; and that, should such Laws take Place, the same will deprive great Numbers of Manufacturers, in this Kingdom, of the Means of fubfilting themselves and Families, particularly in the Gloving Branch, or otherwise cause such Emigration of Manufacturers from this Country to Ireland (where Provisions of all Kinds are cheaper, and from w’hence Skins are exported for this Market,' which pay a heavy Duty) as will enable that Kingdom, in a few Years, to rival the Manufactures of England: And therefore praying, that such Bills may not pass into Laws.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Five Bills are brought in, for opening a free and direct Trade between the Kingdom of Ireland and the British Plantations in America, and the Settlements belonging to Great Britain on the Coast of Africa, and to permit the Importation of certain Goods of the Manufacture of Ireland into this Kingdom Duty-free; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if such Bills were to pass into a Law, they would prove destructive to that great

Syftein

Trad): of Ireland.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Trade of Ireland.

Ditto.

feitto.

948 £ Mali* A. 1778.

System of Commerce, Manufacture, and Revenoe, happily adopted at the Establishment, of those Plantations and Settlements, and which has ever since been pursued with Success, and would be highly injurious tb Thousands of Manufacturers, who now maintain themselves by honell Industry; and the Petitioners conceive, that it would be moil unequal to grant a free Importation into Ireland from the said Plantations*and Settlements, or to allow the Manufactures of Ireland to 'be imported into this Kingdom, except under the like Regulations, and the same Duties, as the People of this Country are subject to: And therefore praying. That the said Bills may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Venturers of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have seen Five several Bills brought into the House; One to permit the Importation of certain Goods from the British Plantations in America, or the British Settlements on the Coal! of Africa, into

the Kingdom of Ireland; another, to permit the Exportation of certain Goods therein mentioned, directly from Ireland into any British Plantation in , or

any British Settlement on the Coast of Africa; another, to permit the Exportation of Glass, manufactured in Ireland, from thence to any Place whatsoever except Great Britain -,another, to permit the Importation of

Cotton Yarn, the Manufacture of Ireland, into this Kingdom, Duty-free ;and the other, to permit the Importation of Sail Cloth and Cordage, of the Manu. facture of Ireland, into this Kingdom, Duty-free; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if such Bills were to

Safe into a Law, that great Syltcm of Commerce and Revenue, which has been established with so much Consideration, and at so much Expence, would be at once overset, and a Torrent of Mischiefs unthough# of, and unforeseen, Would be poured in upon this Kingdom; and that the Duties payable in Ireland, on almost every Article of Trade which concern the Bills in Question, are vastly below the Duties paid on those Articles in Great Britain; that Provisions are cheaper in Ireland than in England, and the Labourers and Manufacturers of Ireland are not subject to the same Taxes as those of Great Britain, all which Circumstances will furnish Ireland with such Advantages over Great Britain as cannot be withstood; and that the Landed Interest of this Kingdom, ever benefited by the flourishing State of Trade and Manufactures, will also be greatly injured by the Means aforesaid; for, besides other Circumstances, Thousands of Artisans, who now maintain themselves by honeit Industry, would be deprived of the Means of their Subsistence,' and mult beqome burthensome to their Parishes; and the Petitioners apprehend, it would be most unequal to grant such Advantages to Ireland, not paying the same Taxes, or being subject to the same Duties, as the People of this Country; and that great Numbers of Ships and Men are now employed to carry from this Kingdom to Ireland the Produce of those Countries, to which the Bills in Question would admit, them to a free and immediate Trade, all which would be thereby Tendered useless, and consequently the Strength of t,he Nation be diminished: And therefore praying, That the Bills in Question may not pais into a Law.

A Petition of the Merchants, Importers, and Manufacturers, of Hemp, Iron, and Steel, of the City of Bristol, in behalf of themselves and others, the Manufacturers of those Articles in Great Britain, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Bills are depending, to permit the Exportation of Goods (Wool and Woollen Manufactures only excepted) being the Produce or Manufacture of Ireland, directly from thence to North America, the West Indies, and any British Settlements oil the Coast of Africa, and for. allow-

ing the Importation of Cordage into this Kingdom Duty-free; and the Petitioners conceive, that, should the same pass into a Law, the Iron, Steel, a.nd Hemp Manufactures of this Kingdom, will sustain the mult fatal Injury, and the Export Trade of their capital Manufactories be. nearly ruined, if not wholly annihilated; and that, as the Duties on the raw Materials of Iron, Steel, and Hemp, now stand between the Two Kingdoms, and from the Vicinity of Ireland to the Markets, the Cheapness of Pfdvisions and Labour, with other local Advantages, in that Kingdom, the Petitioners, notWithstanding all their Skill ill manufacturing, will be undersold at every Market, and the Furnaces, Forges, Mills, and other expensive Erections, to the Amount of Millions, will be greatly reduced in Value, and some rendered totally useless; and that the baneful Effects of these Bills will not rest solely oft the Merchants and Manufacturers, but will extend in a very material Degree to the Landed Interest of this Kingdom, the Wood Lands and Collieries will be exceedingly reduced in Value, and the Poor’s Rates in many parts of this Kingdom will be greatly inereased, by the Thousands of poor Labourers thrown on their respective Parishes, for want of that Employment now afforded them by the Iron, Steel, and Hemp Trade, and their Dependencies; and that the Petitioners apprehend, the Import Duties on the rough Materials aforementioned, will lessen in Proportion as the Irish Manufactories increase, and such Diminution ‘of the Revenue creating a new Demand,.will be the more grievous Burthen on the Public at large, as it will be produced by Measures tending to bring on an Inability of supportiftg their present increasing Taxes: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Couhfei, against so much of these Bills as affects them, and that the House will grant them such Relief as shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for carrying into execution an Agreement entered into by Sir James Wright, Baronet, for Sale of the Manor of IlujborneTarrant, and several Wood Lands and

Hereditaments, in the County of Southampton, to Joseph Portal, EsquirC; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands apd Hereditaments, to be settled to the same LTfes, was read a SecondTime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Mackworth, Mr. Stuart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’^ Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords* intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Clot worthy Dobbin, Esquire, with Mary his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposos therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Cotntpit-tee of the whole Hpufe.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 1 zth Day of this Instant May, refold itself into aCommitttee of the whole IIqufe, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also that they do hehf Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill; if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Court? fel, or produce Witnesses.

Sir Herbert Macktoorthreported from the Committee, to whom-the Bill for’paving and repairing the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Plages,

within

Wright’j

Agreement,

Dobbin’s

Divorce.

London;

Norton Faigatt

Paving, 3cc.

Punishment

by

Transportation and Hard Labour*

Wigton

Inclosure.

BaOngdoke

Cauai.

18 Geo. III. 4® Mail.

within such Part of the Liberty of Norton Falgate, in Pr. the County of Middlesex, as is extra-parochial, and certain Parts of Magpie Alley and in the

Parish of Saint Ixonard, Shoreditchin the said County,

and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; and also for making proper Drains and Sewers in and near the fame, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame'to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be mgrofled.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to inquire into the Measures which have been adopted and pur-fuedfor carryingintoexecutional Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to authorize, for a limited Time,

" the Punishment by I lard Labour of Offenders, who,

" for certain Crimes, are or shall become liable to " be transported to any of His Majesty’s Colonies and " Plantations," and also into the Eftefts produced by the said Act; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Fi. lt Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequont Resolution of the Committee being ~ead a Second lime;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to authorize,

" for a limited Time, the Punishment by Hard Labour of Offenders, who, for certain Crimes, are " or shall become liable to be transported to any of " His Majesty’s Colonies and PlantationsAnd that Sir Charles Bunbury, Sir Richard Sutton, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Popham, Mr. Frederick Montagu, and Mr.

Macdonald, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Barony of Wigton, in the County of Cumberland, was committed, be revived.

An ingrossed Bill for making a navigable Canal from the Town of Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton, to communicate with the River in the Parish of Chertjly, in the County of was read

the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 39. To leave out from " thereto" to the Second " and" in Press 6. Line 1.

Pr. 6. 1. 35. To leave out " hinder or prevent" and inferc " authorize" inllead thereof.

1. 38. To leave out from " them" to " through" in Line 39, and insert " to exercise any of the Powers " hereby given upon," inllead thereof.

1. nit. To leave out " not."

VOL. 36.

949

7. 1. 4. After " Yard" to insert other than " Gardens and Yards."

1. 5. To leave out " Cottage or Tenement" and insert " Cottages or " Tenements" instead thereof.

Pr. 25. 1. 5. To leave out " such," and after " Payment" to insert " or Tender of " such Purchase Money or Annual " Rent, as aforesaid."

Pr. 60. 1. 20. After " Aft" to insert " except the " making and providing of Bricks " and Stones."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House;<uid the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making a navigable Canal from the Town of Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton, to communicate with the River Wey, in the Parish of Chertsey, in the County of Surrey, and to the South Fall Side of the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Turgifs, in the said County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Sir Henry St. John do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House African to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Trade, to consider of the Trade to Africa;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 12 th Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Return from " the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations to the " Honourable House of Commons, in Consequence of the Address of the said House to His Majesty,

" of the 29th Day of Januaty last, relating to the " general State of the Trade to Africa, the Condition " of the Forts and Settlements there belonging to the African Company, and in what Manner the several " Sums of Money, granted by Parliament for maintaining and supporting the fame, have been applied," which was presented to the House upon the 30th Day of April, in the last Session of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee. \

Ordered, That the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Butler, upon the 16th Day of February last, relative to the State and Condition of the Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, be referred to the said Committee.

9

Ordered, That the Committee of the Company of Ditto; Merchants trading to Africa, do lay before this House their Minute Book, from the 3d of July 1777, to the present Time.

Ordered, That the Committee of the Company of Ditto-Merchants trading to Africa, do lay before this House,

Two Letters received from Mr. Thomas Wefgate, dated 10th April 1777 and 16th September 1777, with the Papers referred to in the said Letters, and inclosed therein, so far as the same shall relate to the Public ® Concerns of the Company.

Ordered, That Richard Complin, Esquire, do, upon Ditto. Tomorrow Sevennight, the 12th Day of this Instant May, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Trade to Africa.

Ordered, That John Roberts, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Peter Demereu do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Benjamin Perkin do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Captain Thoburn do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

ixl Ordered,

p

95°

Mail.

A. 1778.

Ordered, That Captain Bennett do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Trade of A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Ire'and. thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of Yeovil, Preston, Od-combe, Mont acute, East Coker, WCoker,

Chinnock, West ChinnockHardington, and other Places

adjacent, in the County of being Manufacturers of Sail Cloth, on behalf of themselves and their numerous Dependants, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Bills are depending, to permit the Exportation of Sail Cloth, with other Goods, being the Produce or Manufacture of directly

from thence to North America, The West Indies, and any British Settlement on the Coast of Africa; and for allowing the Importation of Sail Cloth into this Kingdom Duty-free; and alleging that, thou Id such a Law take Place, the Petitioners apprehend, from the great Cheapness of Provisions and Labour in Ireland, its superior Situation for Foreign Trade, and other local Advantages, that Kingdom will soon be enabled to rival Great Britain in the Manufacture of that Article; in which same the Petitioners will be deprived of this important Branch of Trade, and their Labourers and , Dependants mull inevitably be reduced to the lowell

Distress; and as this Branch of Trade is the principal Support of a numerous Poor, the baneful EtTefts of this Bill will not rest solely on the Manufacturers, but will be extended in a very material Degree to the Landed Interest of this Part of the Kingdom: And therefore paying, That this Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to permit the Importation of Sail Cloth and Cordage, of the Manufacture of Ireland, into this Kingdom, Duty-free, be read a Second Time.

Membm Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ’concerned to re ^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House in certain upon the Bill for restraining any Person, being a Contracts. Member of the House of Commons, from being concerned himself, or any Person in Trust for him, in any Contract made by the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, the Commissioners of the Navy, the Board of Ordnance, or by any other Person or Persons, for the Public Service, unless the said Contract shall be made at a public Bidding, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth. '

Tellers for the Yeas, j Townjhcni,

Tellers for he Noes, {^Zr^:

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will, upon this Day Two Months, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ® House, upon, the said Bill;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " this Day

Two Months," and inserting the Words "

" Morning next," inllead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words " this Day Two Months," (land Part of the Question;

The House divided.1

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,-

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in

f General Frafer, 1 [Mr. Bacon: J 1

1 Sir Cecil Wray, 7

[ Mr. Elwes: io9-

the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Two Months, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Gascoyne, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to con fid er further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds be raised by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or before the 5th Day of April 1779, to be exchanged and received

in Payment, in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Gascoyne, the Lord North, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Cornwall, the Lord West cote, the Lord Palmerston, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pal-tures, Common Ground, and Walie Grounds, within the Manors or Lordships of Rouftench and Radford, in the Parish of Roujlench, and in the Manor or, Lordlliip of Hoblench, otherwise Abbotjin the Parish of Fladbury, in the County of was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadow's, Common Pastures, Common Ground, and Waste Grounds, within the Manors or Lordships of Rouftench and Radford, in lire Parish of Rouftench, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Court Henry Dirs, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

Ordered, That Mr. Elwes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr.

Wavt

and

Means,

Rooflench

and

Hoblench

lndofure.

Dir*’

Nar.

Pa pi (Is Deeds and WiU$.

o

18 Geo. III. 4° — 5°

Btfnard’g Mr Whitworth reported from the Committee, to Nat‘ whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing , was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Degen’s Mr. Whitworth, according to Order, reported foin Divorce, the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolvethe Marriage of George with.

Catharine Furlong, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 22. After " are" insert " not," and after " shall" insert " not."

1. 23. Leave out from " deemed" to the First " the" in 1. 24.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Expiring Mr. Whitworth, according to Order, reported from

Eaw*’ the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the Allowance upon the Exportation of made Gunpowder; to the further encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth; to the granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, directly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; to the prohibiting the Importation of light Silver Coin of this Realm, from Foreign Countries, into Great Britain or Ireland, and to restrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum; to the granting a Bounty upon Flax Seed imported into Ireland-, to the better regulating of Pilots, for the coudufting of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and Isle of Thanet; and to revive and continue so much of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, was committed, the Amend-

ments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Wav* Refulved, That this House will, upon Wednesday and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Meant. vvliole House, to consider further of Ways and Means

for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

VOL. 36.

Maii. 951

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is y 50 die Maii; Anno 18° Georgii III. Regis, 1778.

Prayers.

1R James Pennyman reported from the Committee, Dolman’* to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intitu- Estate*‘ led. An Act to amend and render effectual an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for vesting the settled Estates of " Robert Dolman, Esquire, and Robert Dolman, the " younger, in Pocklington and elsewhere, in the " County of York, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the " Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be " settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed, that several Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr and Mr.

Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Moorfield* Act for impowering the Mayor, Aldermen, and to Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, to make a Street or Opening from Moor- new Street*, fields, opposite Chijioell Street, towards the Eall, into Bishopsgale Street, and also from the East End of Chiswell Street, West ward, into Barbican-, and to raise upon the Credit of the Surplufes to arise out of a certain Fund, commonly called the Orphans Fund, the Sum of Sixteen thousand Five hundred Pounds, for such Purpose; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Aldersgate for paving the High Street or Road leading from Aldersgate Bars, in the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldersgate, London, to the Turnpike near the End of Goswell Street, in the County of Middlesex; and for applying the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, to be raised upon the Credit of the Surplufes to arise out of a certain Fund, commonly called the Orphans Fund, for such Purpose; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Parish to amend such Part of an Act, made in the Forty- APFcnt>ccs: third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled,

" An Act for the Relief of the Poor," as relates to the binding of Parish Apprentices; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Bridges' for vesting in Trustees certain Messuages, Lands, Eitau$-

and

952 5° MaiA. 1778.

and Tenements, in the County of Surrey, settled in and by the Will of Thomas Bridges, Esquire, deceased, to be sold and conveyed, pursuant to Articles; and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Lands and Tenements, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Blackwood’s The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Estates, vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and

Hereditaments, in the Parirti of in the County of Kent, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Shovel Blackicood, and Sarah his Wife", in Trustees, to the several Uses within mentioned; and also for vesting certain other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Norborn,

Jltanger, IIam, Sholdon, and in the said County of Kent, called Poulton Farm, and West Street and Park Gate Farm, intailed upon the Issue Male of the said Shovel Blackwood, in other Trustees, to the several Uses within mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengefs withdrew.

Ditto. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Craxft'ord, in the County of Kent, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Shovel Blackicood, and Sarah his Wife, in Trustees, to the several Uses within mentioned; and also for veiling certain other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Nor-born, Betjhanger, Ham, Sholdon, and Poultons, in the said County of Kent, called Poulton Farm, and West Street and Park Gate Farm, intailed upon the Ifl’ue Male of the said Shovel Blackicood, in other Trustees, to the several Uses within mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

BrWjes’ An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mates. for vesting in Trustees, certain Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in the County of ,settled in and by

the Will of Thomas Bridges, Esquire, deceased, to be sold and conveyed, pursuant to Articles, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Lands and Tenements, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will, Was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second Time.

Account; The House being informed that Mr. from

Linens, the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " The Amount of the Excise " Duties on printed Linens and Cottons, from Mid* u Jammer 1772 to Midfummi777,distinguishing the

" Amount of each Year."

A»d then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be peru fed by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

PunHhroent Sir Charles Bunbury presented to the House, accord-by . ing to Order, a Bill to continue an Act, made in the "and*' 0" Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, " Ari HanlLabour. " Act to authorize, for a limited Time, the Punishment by Hard Labour of Offenders, who, for certain " Crimes, are or shall become liable to be transported " to any of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ditto. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to punish, by Imprisonment and Hard Labour, certain

Offenders; and to establish proper Places for their Reception: And that Sir Richard Sutton, Sir Charles Bunbury, the Lord North, Mr. Popham, Sir Gilbert Elliot, and Mr. Macdonald, do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

A Petition of the Merchants and Manufacturers of Trade of Aberbrothock, was presented to the House, and read; IreUnd. Setting forth, That the Five Bills now depending in Parliament, for the Enlargement of the Trade of Ireland, will, one or aH of them, if passed into a Law, prove most destructive and ruinous to the Trade and Manufactures of Great Britain in general, and of this Town and County in particular: And therefore praying the House, to take the Trade and Manufactures of Great Britain into their most serious Consideration and Protection, and not suffer any of the above-mentioned Five Bills to pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and Ma- Ditto, nufacturers, of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, was also presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the various Iron Manufactories of the said Town, and its Environs, are now brought to the greatest Perfection; and that the Petitioners, with the deepelt Concern, observe a Bill is before the House, for opening a Free Trade between Ireland and all the British Settlements; and that, should such a Law take Place, Thousands of our most ingenious Manufacturers, now the Support of themselves, and of many numerous Families, will be deprived of a Maintenance, and thereby be induced to emigrate to Ireland for Employment, to the manifeil Injury of the English Trade:

And therefore praying, That such a Bill may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, Ditto, and Manufacturers, of the County Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names are subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe* by the Votes, that Bills are depending, to permit the Importation of Sail Cloth and Cordage, of the Manufacture of Ireland, into this Kingdom, Duty-free; to permit the Importation of certain Goods from the British Plantations in America, or the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa, into the Kingdom of Ireland-, to permit the Exportation of certain Goods therein mentioned directly from Ireland into any British Plantation in America, or any British Settlement on the Coast of Africa; to permit the Importation of Cotton Yarn, the Manufacture of Ireland, into this Kingdom, Duty-free; and to permit the Exportation of Glass, manufactured in Ireland, from thence to any Place whatsoever, except Great Britain; and that the Petitioners apprehend, and are allured, that, in case the Bills should pass into a Law, the same will be highly detrimental to the Revenues, Commercial Interefis, and Navigation, of this Kingdom in general, and tend to the utter Ruin of the Manufactures and Mercantile Interefis of this County in particular, and also greatly affect the Landed Interest therdbf: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill or Bills respectively passing into a Law.

A Petition of the Burgesses, Manufacturers, and Ditto, principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Newton, in the County of Lancaster, was also presented to the House, atidread; Setting forth, That the Petitioners having observed, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for opening a Free Trade between Ireland and all i\\o Bridjh Settlements; and, as they are thoroughly convinced that such Bill is pregnant with Consequences highly prejudicial to the Interel'ts of the Kingdom in general, and of the County of Lancaster in particular; therefore praying, That such Bill may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

APe-

Sail Cloth, Ac. imported from IrcUnd*

Exportation

from

Ireland

to

America.

18 Geo. III. 5 n Mail.953 *

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Warrington, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed a Bill is depending, for the Importation of Sail Cloth and Cordage from Ireland into this Kingdom, Dutyfree; and alleging, that there is a very extensive Manufactory of Sail Cloth carried on in the said Town and Neighbourhood, wherein many Thousands of industrious Persons are constantly employed; and, for the better and more commodious carrying on such Manufactory, great Numbers of Warehouses, Factories, Workshops, and other convenient Buildings, applicable to that Trade only, have been lately erected at a very great Expence; and that the Petitioners conceive, the present Bill will give such Advantages to the Trade of Ireland, as will inevitably destroy the Manufactory of Sail Cloth in the said Town and Neighbourhood, which will necessarily oblige the Manufacturers and Workmen to emigrate, or else many poor Persons will be left chargeable upon the Parish, and thereby the Warehouses, Factories, Workshops, and Buildings, ereCled for the Use of the said Trade, wdl be deserted, and become useless, and consequently the Value of Lands and Estates in the Neighbourhood will be greatly reduced: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to permit the Importation of Sail doth and Cordage, of the Manufacture of,

into this Kingdom, Duty-free, be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Inhabitants of the Town of Warrington, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was jpresented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed a Bill is depending, to permit the Exportation, directly from Ireland, into any British Plantation in America, or any British Settlement on the Coast of Africa, of any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, being the Produce or Manufacture of Ireland (Wool and Woollen Manufactures only excepted) and all Goods and Commodities, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of Great Britain, which have been, or may be, legally imported from thence into the said Kingdom of Ireland, and all Foreign Certificate Goods which have been, or may be, legally imported from Great Britain into Ireland; and alleging, that there is a very extensive Manufactory of Sail Cloth carried on in the said Town and Neighbourhood, wherein many Thousands of industrious Persons are constantly employed; and* for the better and more Commodious carrying on such Manufactory, great Numbers of Warehouses, Factories, Workshops, and other convenient buildings, applicable to that Trade only, have been lately erected at a very great Expence; and that the Petitioners conceive, the present Bill will give such Advantages to the Trade of Ireland, as will inevitably dellroy the Manufactory of Sail Cloth in the said l'own and Neighbourhood, which will necessarily oblige the Manufacturers and Workmen to emigrate, or else many poor Persons will be left chargeable upon the Parish, and thereby the Warehouses, Factories, Workshops, and Buildings, erected for the Use of the said Trade, will be deserted and become useless, and consequently the Value of Lands and Estates in the Neighbourhood will be greatly reduced: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Tallow Chandlers and Soap Boilers of the Town of Liverpool, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed a Bill is depending, to make it lawful to export from th? Kingdom of Ireland, into any Part of the British Plantations in America, or the>J Indies, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, being the Produce pr Manufacture of Ireland (Wool and Woollen Manu-

Vol. 36.

factures only excepted)} and alleging, that the manufacturing of Candles and Soap for Exportation to the West India Islands is, to the Petitioners, the most important Branch of their BuGness, which Branch, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, they apprehend, would in a little Time be totally loft to this Kingdom; and that the Loss of this valuable Part of their Trade would be a heavy and irreparable Detriment to the Petitioners, and many others, who would thereby be deprived of the only Meansofsupporting themselvesand Families: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, or that, such other Relief may be granted them as tile House shall judge meet.

And the said Petitions were Severally ordered to fie upon the Table, until the Bill to permit the Exportation of certain Goods therein mentioned, directly from Ireland, into an Plantation

in America, or any British Settlement on the Coast of Africa, be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders in the Importation Town of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and __ of read; taking Notice of the Bill to permit the Importa- ffottoa *rn> tion of Cotton Yarn, the Manufacture of Ireland, into this Kingdom, Duty-free; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners apprehend, should the said Bill pass into a Law, it would militate against the Manufactures of this Country.: And therefore praying, That, the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Mariners, man®.^*rei Traders, and Manufacturers, of Liverpool, whose i„ Names are subscribed, was presented to the House, and Ireland, read; taking Notice of the Bill to permit the Exportation of Glass, manufactured in Ireland, {tom thence to any Place whatsoever, except Great; and Setting

forth, That so important a Change in the great Syftefh of Commerce, which has been so long and so fucceisfully a Rule of Conduct in this Kingdom, would, as the Petitioners apprehend, occassion much immediate Mischief, and be productive of very fetal Consequences in more distant Times, to theeffential Interests of Britain: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders in the Ditto; Town of Lancaster, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners apprehend, should the same pass into a Law, it will greatly affect several Parts of this Kingdom, and be very prejudicial to the Manufacture thereof in this County: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of tl»e S*il Cfoth^ Town of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill to permit the Importa- *rom tion of Sail Cloth and Cordage, of the Manufacture of Ireland Ireland, into this Kingdom, Duty-free; and'Setting forth. That the Petitioners apprehend, should the same pass into a Law, it would be highly pnejndicial to the Trade and Manufactures of the said Town and its Neighbourhood: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill.

A Petition of the several Manufacturers of Sail Ditto, Cloth in and near the Towtos of Warrington, Lancafitr, PrefioriyKirkkam, Liverpool, P ref cot. W,

and l/toerfione, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the establishing

11 K the

954 5* Maiu A,

Sail Cloth, the Manufacture of Sail Cloth in Great Britain, both as &c. a Branch of Manufacture, and as a Naval Store, for ^from'6'* Safety of the State, has been considered an Object of such National Importance, that the Legislature have thou gilt it good Policy, not only to impose very high Duties upon the Importation of Foreign Sail Clo.th, but also to grant Bounties upon the Exportation of British Sail Cloth, by Means whereof that Branch of Manufacture is become established, and the British Manufacturers are enabled to supply His Majesty’s Navy, as well as the Export Trade, at all Times, with Expedition and Certainty; and representing to the House, that a Duty of Three Pounds per Ton, and upwards, is paid upon the Importation of Hemp into . Great Britain, but that a Duty of little more than One Pound per Ton only is paid upon the Importation thereof into Ireland and that considerable Quantities of Flax and Hemp are grown in Ireland, by which Means the Irijk have the raw Materials cheaper than the British Manufacturer; and as the Prices of Provisions and Labour are much lower in Irela than in Great Britain, and their Taxes comparatively light and easy, the Irish are able to manufacture Sail Cloth cheaper than it can be done in Great Britain; and that, relying on the Stability of Parliamentary! Regulations, the Petitioners have expended great Sums of Money in procuring Machines, Implements, and Utenfds, for carrying on the said Trade extensively, by which many Thousands of His Majesty’s Subjects are employed, and comfortably supported; but, should the said Bill pass into a Law, the Petitioners. apprehend the said Machines, Implements, and Utenfds, will be rendered useless, as they are not applicable to any other Branch of Manufacture; and, moreover, the Public will sustain great Inconvenience, Uncertainty, and Delay, in Time of War, by establishing the Manufacture of so essential an Article of Naval Store in Ireland, from whence it must be brought for the Supply of the British Navy, and be subjectc to the Depredation of our Enemies; Commerce and Navigation must suffer considerably, and the Landed Interest, so nearly connected . therewith, cannot eficape unhurt: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill j and that the same may not pass 'into a Law.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Mariners, Traders, and Manufacturers of Liverpool, whose Names are subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That so important a Change in that System, by which the Commerce, Manufactures, and Revenue, of this- Kingdom, have been so long and so fucoefsfully regulated, would, as the Petitioners apprehend, in the present distrefcful Situation of Trade, occasion much immediate Mischief, and be productive of very fatal Consequences'm more distant Times, to the Landed Interest, the Naval Force, the Manufactures, and the Commerce of Britain'And therefore praying,

’ That they may be heard by themselves, or theiC.Cdun-

fel, against the said Bill.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against itbe fetid Bdl, upon their Petitions, if they think ;:; fit'/

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, ait the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

- ' . .: . -A

Importation . A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Frte-fr®1? holders, of the County Palatine of Chejer, aflferabled into irciand. a County Meeting, was presented to the House, and read -, taking Notice of the Bill to permit the Importation of certain Goods from the British Plantations in . America, or the British Settlements oa the Coast of zz

Africa, into the Kingdom oi Ireland; and Setting forth,

That the Petitioners conceive, should the said Bill pals into a Law, the same would be extremely detrimental to the Commercial and Landed Interefis of this Coipi-ty; and the public Revenues of the Kingdom in general . would be thereby greatly diminithed: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass . into a Law.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Mer- Importation; chanfs, and Land Owners, of the Town and Neigli- from . bourhood of Stockport, in the County Palatine of . ^Tcr.lca, Chester, was also presented to the House, and read; into rt an ’ likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners conceive, should the same pass into a Law, it would essentially injure the Trade of Great Britain, by greatly diminishing both the Imports and Exports, and consequently hurting the public Revenues of this Kingdom: And therefore praying.

That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill; and.that the same may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Mer- Ditto, chants, and Land Owners, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive, fllpuld the same pass into a Law, it would be extremely detrimental to the Land and Commercial Interefis of the- Kingdom of Great Britain, and tend to diminish tl»e- public- Revenues of this Kingdom: And therefore praying. That they may be heard,.by their Counsel, against^fce said Bill .; and that the same may not pass into a-Law.-

A Petition of the (Gentlemen, Clergy, Laud Owners, Ditto. Manufacturers, and Calico Printers,.of the Town and; Neighbourhood of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was also presented to the House, and read; containing the same Allegations and Prayer us the last preceding Petition.

A Petition, of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common Dhtt^. j Council, of the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That great Sums of Money have been raised and expended :by virtue of several Acts of Parliament, for the making of Docks, erecting of Lights, and rendering live Port and Harbour of Liverpool as safe and commodious as possible; and that, relying on the Faith of the Houfo,

several Persons have been induced to advance confix derable Sums of Money, for the making and erecting such Docks, Lights, and other Improvements, for the Conveniences of Commerce, on the Credit of the Du* ties payable by virtue of such Acts; and that in Co nr sequence of such Conveniences and Improvements for the Benefit of Trade, Numbers of Foreigners, and others, have relorted to, and settled here, for the Purposes of carrying on different Branches of Commerce^ to the great Increase and Emolument of the Town of Liverpool, and the Revenues of this Kingdom; and that the Number of Ships and Vessels, winch, for these Seven Years last past only, have failed, or been employed in the Trade, from hence to the British Planta* ' tions in America, and to the British Settlements oh the Coast of Africa, amounts, on an Average, yearly, - , to 230, or thereabouts; and that the Number of Ship* and Vessels, which, for these Seven Years l^ft past only, have failed, or been employed in the Trade froay: hence to Ireland, exclusive of those employed in the Coasting Trade from hence to other Ports in Great Britain, amounts, on an Average, yearly, to 528, or thereabouts; and that, on only allowing Five Men to navigate each Vessel, the Number of Seamen employed in such Trade, for that Period only, amounts, on an Average, yearly, to 2,640, or thereabouts; and, as the Coasting Trade has been ever considered as th?

chief

Importation from America into Ireland.

Ditto.

Ditto.

18 Geo. III. 5* Mail. - $$$

v

chief Nursery for Seamen, it is-humbly submitted to A Petition of the Gcntiemen, Clergy,'and Rree- Etportatiorf the House, whether it would not be rather dangerous holders, of the County Palatine of tifsembled frf'm

to hazard the Loss of a Trade so beneficial in its at* County Meeting, was presented to the House, Confcduences; and the Petitioners are desirous, that and read; talcing Notice of the Bill to permit the every Encouragement may be given to the Commerce Exportation /of certain Goods therein mentioned, di-and Manufactures of Ireland, confident with the true rectly from Ireland, into any Brilijk Plantation in Interests and Welfare of Great Britain: And therefore. America, or any Settlement on the Coast of*

praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, Africa; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners con-as thereby the Securities of such Persons-as have ad- ceive, shouldthe same pass into a Law, it would be ex- vanced the whole, or a considerable Part of their For- tremely detrimental to the Commercial and Landed ''tunes on the Credit of the said Doclc and Light Interests of the said County, and that the public Re-Duties, would be very considerably diminished, Thou- venues of the Kingdom in general' would be thereby* sands of Artificers, and others, inhabiting this Town greatly diminished: And therefore praying. That they and Neighbourhood, deprived of the Means of ;their may be heard; by their Counsel, again it the Card Bill/ Subsisteuce, whereby the Poor Rates would, become and that the same may not pass into a Law. .* insupportable, and the Docks, Lights, and other Im- A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, iJitttf; provements of the Port of Liverpool, constructed at gnd Manufacturers, of the Town and Neighbourhood an immense Expence, and which may vie with any of Stockport, in the County Palatine of Chflev, was in Europe, be rendered, in a great Measure, useless, also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth/ and this once flourishing Town reduced to its original That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill Insignificance; and that the Petitioners may be heard, hath been brought in to permit the Exportation of by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill any Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, being the Pro-passing into a Law. duce or Manufacture of Ireland (Wool ana Woollen

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Mariners, Manufactures only excepted), and of all Goods and Traders, and Manufacturers, of the Town of Liverpool, Commodities of the Growth; Produce, or Manufacture* whose Names are subscribed, was also presented to the of Grea , which have been, or may be, legally House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said imported from thence into the said Kingdom of Ire- Bill, and Setting forth. That so important a Change land, and of all Foreign and Certificate Goods which in that System, by which the Commerce, Navigation,- have been, or may be, legally imported from and Revenue of this Kingdom, have been so long and Britain into Iceland, directly from, Ireland into any of* so successfully regulated, would, as the Petitioners ap- the British Plantations in America, or the West prebend, in the present distressful Situation of Trade, or into any of the Settlements belonging to Great' occasion much immediate Mischief, and be productive Britain on the Coast of and that, iliould thfe

of very fatal Consequences, in more distant Times, to said Bill pah into a Law, it would be exceedingly the Population, Revenue, Naval ForCe, and Landed oppressive, and even ruinous, to Thousands of the in-Interest of Britain: And therefore praying, That they duitrious Manufacturers of the said Town and Neifch-maybe heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against bourhood, who are at present employed in making: the said Bill. Checks, and various other Goods, which require larga -

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders in the Quantities of Linen Yam, which they import from

Town of Lancaster, was also presented to the House, Ireland, to the great Advantage of the inhabitants of ' and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill, and that Kingdom, where the Flax is grown, and Wlrero Setting forth. That the Petitioners apprehend, should the same is spun into Yam, and bought with ready the same pass into a Law, it would be extremely in- Money by the English Manufacturers, who allow wl jurious to the Commerce, Manufactures, and Naviga- their Factors i Two per Cent. CommidVotf

tion of this Kingdom,- affect, in its Consequences, the Money® and pay to the Irish Revenue One Halfpenhy ‘

Landed Interest, and be ruinous to the Trade of the per Pound Duty; and that this Trade, the Petitioners* said Town in particular: And therefore praying. That fee clearly, would, by the above Law, be taken from they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against them, for, as the Price of Labour in Ireland bears ftp the said Bill passing into a Law. small a Proportion to that in England, they would*-

APetition of James Buchanan, Esquire, in theName, be able Jo undersell the English both at Home and itt

and oh behalf, of the Merchants, Traders, and Ma- every Foreign Market, which would depreciate theP nufacturers, of the City of Glasgotv, was also presented Value of their Estates, and leave them such a very r to the House, and lead; likewise taking Notice of the great Number of Poor, that it would be impossible to laid Bill; and Setting forth, That, should the fame: supportthem as the Law requires, and contribute their* pass into a Law, it will be highly prejudicial to the Share towards eating the great Burthens of the State: ’

Trade and Manufactures of Great Britain in general. And therefore praying, that they may be heard, by.’ and more particularly of the City of Glasgow, by dif- their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same abling the Merchants, Traders, and Manufacturers, of may not.pass into a -Law.

that City, from carrying on hereafter, on equal Terms, A Petition of the Gontlemen, Tradestnen, Merchants, ’

their Trade with the . BrilifhPlantations in America, and Manufacturers, of the Town and Neighbourhood now their first and capital Branch of Corruperce; and of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in which, on the Faith of the Laws now in being, they was also presented to the House, and read; Setting ' have invested the greatest Part of their Fortunes: And forth. That the- Petitioners are informed a Bill, haith ' therefore, on behalf of the Merchants, Traders, and been brought into the Honfe, to permit the Exportation Manufacturers, of the City of Glasgow, praying fi>r. of any. Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, being the Leave to be heard, by himself or Counsel, against the Produce or Manufacture of Ireland (Wool and Woollen laid Bill. Manufactures only excepted) and of all Goods apd

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to , Commodities, of the Growth, Produce, or Mamtfaic-lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a ture of Great Britain, which have been* or may be* '

Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be legally imported from thence into' the said'Kingdom then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against of Ireland, and of all Foreign Certificate Goods, which ’ the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think have been, or may be, legally imported from1 Great fit. Britain into Ireland, directly from Ireland, into any oT

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard at the British Plantations in America or the West Indies, the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the or into any of the Settlements belonging -to Great said Petitions* Britain on the Coast of Africa; and alleging, that

Vol. 36. the

5° Mail A. 1778.

Exportation

from

Ireland

to

America.

Aitto.

the Linen Manufactures, which have been at great Expence established, and are now carried on in the said Town and Neighbourhood, will be ruined, and the Cotton, and other Manufactures, will be very greatly injured, should the said Bill pass into a Law, and thereby the Advantages to which the Manufacturers have, by their Labour and Industry, entitled themselves, will be taken from them, the Poor will be, in a great Measure, deprived of the Means of supporting themselves and Families, the Valoe of Lands, which depends on the Success and Prosperity of Trade, will be extremely reduced, and the Land Owners and Inhabitants will be rendered unable to support the great Weight of public Burthens, to which they at present so amply and cheerfully contribute: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem moll expedient.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Ownere, Manufacturers, and Calicoe Printers, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Blackbu in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was also presented to the House,

and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that a BUI hath been brought into the House to permit the Exportation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, being the Produce or Manufacture of Ireland (Wool and Woollen Manufactures only excepted) and of all Goods and Commodities of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great >vhich have been, or may be, legally imported from thence into the said Kingdom of Ireland, and of ail Foreign Certificate Goods which have been, or may be, legally imported from Great Britain into Ireland, di redly from Ireland into any of the Plantations

in America, or the West Indies, or into any of the Settlements belonging to Great Britain on the Coast of Africa; and alleging, that the Trade of this Town and Neighbourhood, which chiefly conlifts of Cottons and Calicoes manufactured from Irijk Linen Yarn and West India Cotton, and have been at great Expence established, will be totally ruined, should the said Bill pass into a Law: And therefore praying. That they may be. heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the several Manufacturers of Sail Cloth in and near the Towns of Warrington, Lancaster, Preston, Kirkham, Liverpool, Prefcot, Farmoorth, Wigan, and Ulverftone, in the County of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are much alarmed and concerned to fee, by the Votes, that a Bill has. been brought into the House, to permit the Exportation of certain Goods therein mentioned, dire6Uy from Ireland into any British Plantation in America, or any British Settlement on the Coail of Africa ,* and the Petitioners conceive, that the said Bill Is meant to allow the Exportation of Irish Sail Cloth; and that the establishing the Manufacture of Sail Cloth within Great Britain, both as a Branch of Manufacture, and as a Naval Store for the Safety of the State, has been considered by the Legislature as an Object of great National Importance; and that the fluctuating Situation of the Sail Cloth Trade subjects the Manufacturer to many Losses and Inconveniences, from which other Branches of Manufacture are free; and that, in Time of Peace, their principal Dependence and Support arises from the Export Trade to the British Plantations, and the Settlements belonging to Great Britain on the Coail of Africa; but, if the proposed Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioners conceive, that the Sail Cloth Manufacture of this Kingdom would be greatly prejudiced, and the British Navy thereby reduced to the Necessity of depending upon Ireland for a Supply, which iu Time of War

will be subject to the Depredation of our Enemies, as well as to many other Disappointments: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law as it now (lands; and that they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the fame, or so much thereof as can affect the Article of made Sail

Cloth.

A Petition of the Merchants and Manufacturers of the Town and Neighbourhood of Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is brought in for the Exportation from the Kingdom of Ireland, directly into any of the British Plantations in America, or the West Indies, or into any of the Settlements belonging to Great Britain on the Coast of Africa, in Vessels which may lawfully trade to and from those Places, any Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, being the Produce or Manufacture of Irela Wool and Woollen Manufactures only excepted) and all Goods and Commodities, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, which have been, or may be, legally imported from thence into the said Kingdom of and all Foreign Certificate Goods which have been, or may be, legally imported from Great Britain into he-land;and alleging, that the Linen Manufactures, which have been at great Expence established, and are now carried on in the Town and Neighbourhood of will be greatly injured, if not altogether ruined, should the said Bill pass into a Law, the Advantages to which the Manufacturers have, by their Labour and Industry, entitled themselves, will be thereby taken from them, the Poor will be deprived of the Means of (up-porting themselves and Families, and the Value of Land in that Part of the Kingdom, which depends on the Prosperity of Trade, will not only be extremely reduced, but the Inhabitants will be rendered unable to support the great Weight of Public Burthens to which they at present so amply and cheerfully contribute: And therefore pray rng, That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief, as to the House shall seem most expedient.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common Council, of the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool, was also presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill to permit the Exportation of certain Goods, therein mentioned, directly from Ireland into any British Plantation in America, or any British Settlement on the Coast of Af; and Setting forth. That great Sums of Money have been raised and expended, by virtue of several Acts of Parliament, for the making of Docks, erecting of Lights, and rendering the Port and Harbour of Liverpool as fafo and commodious as possible; and that, relying on the Faith of the House, several Persons have been induced to advance considerable Sums of Money, for the making and erecting such Docks, Lights, and other Improvements, for the Conveniences of Commerce, on the Credit of the Duties arifrng and payable by virtue of such Acts; and that, in Consequence of such Conveniences and Improvements for the Benefit of Trade, Numbers of Foreigners, and others, have re-fopted to, and settled there, for the Purposes of carrying on different Branches of Commerce, to the great Increase and Emolument of the Town of and the Revenues of this Kingdom; and that the Number of Ships and Vessels, which, for these Seven Years last past only, have foiled or been employed in the Trade from hence to the British Plantations in America, and to the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa, amounts, on an Average, yearly, to 230, or thereabouts; and that the Number of Ships and Vessels, which, for these Seven Years last past only, have failed or been employed in the Trade from hence

to

Exportation

from

Ireland

to

America*

Ditto.

Ditto.

18 Geo. III. 5° Mail £57

to Ireland (exclusive of those employed in the Coasting Trade from hence to other Ports in Great Britain) amounts, on an Average, yearly, to 528, or thereabouts, and that, on only allowing five Men to navigate each Vessel, the Number of Seamen employed in such Trade, for that Period only, amounts, on an Average, yearly, to 2,640, or thereabouts; and, as the Coasting Trade has been ever considered as the chief Nursery for Seamen, it is humbly submitted to the House, whether it would not be rather dangerous to hazard the Loss of a Trade so beneficial in its Consequences; and the Petitioners are desirous, that every Encouragement may be given to the Commerce and Manufactures of Ireland, codfiftent with the true Interests and Welfare of Great Britain: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, ns thereby the Securities of such Persons as have advanced the Whole, or a considerable Part, of their /ortunes on the Credit of the said Dock and Eight Duties, would be very considerably diminiftred, Tliou-sands of Artificers, and others, iuhabiting this Town and Neighbourhood, deprived of the Means of their Subfifience, whereby the Poor Rates would become insupportable, and the Docks, Lights, and other Improvements of the Port of Liverpool, confiructed at an immense Expence, and which may vie with any in Europe, be rendered, in a great Measure, useless, and this once flourishing Town reduced to its original Insignificance; and that they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill passing into a I^aw.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Mariners, Traders, and Manufacturers, of Liverpool, whose Names are subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill, and Setting forth. That such an Infraction of the Act of Navigation, and a Change so important in that System, by which the Commerce, Manufactures, and Revenue, of this Kingdom have been so long and so successfully regulated; would, as the Petitioners apprehend, occasion much immediate Mischief, and be productive of very fatal Consequences in more distant Times, to the Revenue, Population, Landed Interest, Naval Force, Manufactures, and Commerce, of Britain: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill.

A Petition of the Tallow Chandlers and Soap Boilers of the Town of Lancaster, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill, and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are employed in the manufacturing of Candles and Soap, which they dispose of for Exportation to the West India Islands, and are in a great Measure supplied with Tallow, necessary for carrying on their respective Manufactories, from Ireland, where they pay a Duty on the Exportation thereof to England, and also are subject to the Freight, Premium of Insurance, and other Charges accruing thereupon; and that Ireland, by being exempt from these Charges, will come at the Materials for those Manufactures upon much cheaper Terms, and would, in case the said Bill pass into a Law, entirely engross the Export Trade thereof to themselves; and that the Irefs of this valuable Branch of Business would be extremely injurious to the Petitioners, as it is the natural and only Vocation by which they have supported themselves and Families, and employed Numbers of People, to the Benefit of the Community in general: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill passing into a Law.

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders- in the Town of Lancaster, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill, and Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, should the same pass into a Law, it would be extremely injurious to the Commerce, Manufactures, and VOL. 36.

Navigation of this Kingdom, assess ill its? Gonlequences the landed Interest, and be ruinous to the Trade of the said Town in particular: And therefore praying, I'll at they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill passing into a Law.

A Petition of James Buchanan, Esquire, in the Xante; Exporta tldri anil on behalf, of the Merchants, Traders, and Ma- from nufacturers, of the City of Glasgow, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the America, said Bill, and Setting forth. That the Petitioner apprehends, if the same shall pass into a Law, it will be highly prejudicial to the Trade and Manufactures of Great Britain in general, and more particularly to the City of Glasgow, by disabling the Merchants, Traders,

and Manufacturers, of that City, from carrying oij hereafter, on equal Terms, their Trade with the Briti/k Plantations in America, now their first and capital Branch of Commerce, and in which, on the Faith of the Laws now in being, they have inverted the greatest Part of their Fortunes: And therefore, on behalf of the Merchants, Traders, and Manufacturers, of the City of Glasgow, praying for Leave to be heard, by himself or Counsel, against the said Bill.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, uposi their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, TradesrneU, Mer- Importation chants, and Land Owners, of the Town and Neigh- of bourhood of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Cotton Tara, Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill to permit the Importation Cotton Yarn, the Manufacture of Ireland, into this Kingdom, Duty-free; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners conceive, should the said Bill pass into a Law, the same would be extremely detrimental to the Land and Commercial Interests of the Kingdom of Great Britain, and would tend to dimiuifii the Public Revenues of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Owners, Ditto, Manufacturers, and Calico Printers, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was also presented to the House, and read; containing the same Allegations and Prayer as the last preceding Petition.

A Petition of the Merchants and Manufacturers of pfct* the Town and Neighbourhood of in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was also presented to ' the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill, and Setting forth. That the Cotton Manufactures, whiqjt have been at great Expence established, and are now carried on, in the Town and Neighbourhood of Preston, will be greatly injured, if not altogether ruined, should the said Bill pass into a Law, the Advantages to which the Manufacturers have, by their Labour and Industry, entitled themselves, will be thereby taken from them, the Poor will be deprived of the Means of supporting themselves and Families, and the Value of Land in this Part of the Kingdom, which depends on the Prosperity of Trade, will not orfiy be extremely, reduced, but the Inhabitants will be rendered unable to support the great Weight of Public Burthens, to which they at present so amply and cheerfully contribute: And therefore praying.

That they may be beard, by themselves or Counsel, against tire said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law; or that the Petitioners may have l'uch other Relief, as to the House shall seem most expedient.

u L Ap4

1

V

Glass

manufn&ured

in

Ireland.

Trustees

under

Turnpike

Aos.

MefTage from the King.

5° Ma

A. 1778.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to Sir presented to the House, according Supply Bilt;

lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read to Order, a Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by t'*jiJ,1?quer a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight: And the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think the same was received; and read the First Time, fit. Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the An ingrossed Bill to continue the several Laws therein Eipiring said Petitions. mentioned, relating to the Allowance upon the Expor- Law,‘

tation of made Gunpowder; to the further en«

APetition oi James Buchanan, Esquire, in the Name, couraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and

and on behalf, of the Merchants, Traders, and Manu- to the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth; to the fasturers, of the City of Glasgow, was presented to the granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth,

House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill to per- Produce, or Manufacture, of any of His Majesty’s mit the Exportation of Glass, manufactured in Ireland, Sugar Colonies, directly to Foreign Parts, in Ships from thence to any Place whatsoever, except Great built in and navigated according to Law;

Britain; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner appre- to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or hends, if the same shall pass into a Law, it will be highly disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; prejudicial to the Trade and Manufacture of Great Bri- to the prohibiting the Importation of light Silver Coiu

tain in general, and more particularly to the City of of this Realm, from Foreign Countries, into Great Glasgow, as from the Inequality of Taxes, the low lain or Ireland, and to restrain the Tender thereof be-Price of Labour, and the great Plenty and Cheapness yond a certain Sum; to the granting a Bounty upon of Provisions, in Ireland, the Merchants and Manu- Flax Seed imported into Ireland; to the better regu-fasturers of that Kingdom will be enabled to fell this lating of Pilots, for the conducting of Ships ami Vessels Commodity, at Foreign Markets, cheaper than the from Dover, Isle of and to revive

Merchants and Manufacturers of this Country: And and continue so much of an Act, made in the Sixteenth therefore, on behalf of the Merchants, Traders, and Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to ah Manufacturers, of the City of Glasgow, praying for lowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat,

Leave to' be heard, by himself or Counsel, against the and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in said Bill. America, was read the Third Time.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Ta- Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ble, until the said Bill be read a Second Time: And be, An Act to continue the several Laws therein ipen-that the Petitioner be then heard, by himself or Coun- tioned, relating to the Allowance upon the Exportation fel, against the said Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks of British-ma.de Gunpowder; to the further encourag-

ing the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and to the Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at Duties payable 011 Foreign Sail Cloth; to the granting the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or said Petition. Manufacture, of any of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies,

directly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for and navigated according to Law; to the further Punillt-enabling Trusteea, under particular Turnpike Acts, to ment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance meet and carry such Acts into execution, notwithstand- of the Laws of Custotns or Excise; to the prohibiting ing the y may not have met or adjourned agreeable to the Importation of light Silver Coin of this Realm, from, the Directions of such Acts; and for preventing Dif- Foreign Countries, into Great Britain or Ireland, and putes touching the Payment of Tolls for Horses or to restrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum; Carriages belonging to or employed by Officers or to the granting a Bounty upon Flax Seed imported into Soldiers on Duty: And that Mr. Gilbert and Colonel Ireland; to the better regulating of Pilots, for the cun-

Egerton do prepare, and bring in, the fame. dufting of Ships and Vessels from Dover, and Isle

of Thanet; and to revive and continue so much of an The Lord North acquainted the House, That he Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Ma-had a MefTage from His Majesty to this House, signed jesty’s Reign, as relates to allowing the Exportation of by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to

House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America.

Members of the House being uncovered) and is as Ordered, That Mr. Whitzoorth do carry the Bill to followeth; viz. the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, relying on the experienced Zeal and Affection of His faithful Commons, %pd considering that, in this critical Conjuncture, Emergencies may arise, which may be of the utmost Importance, and be attended with the most dangerous Consequences, if proper Means should not be immediately applied to prevent or defeat them, is desirous, that this House will enable Him to defray any extraordinary Expences incurred, or to be incurred, on account of Military Services, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, and to take all such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

G. R.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s said Most Gracious MefTage be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole How^ to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

An ingrolfed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage o^George with Catharine Furlong, Ilia now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with feme Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordlliips.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill, now ingrafted, for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and for the Relief of Bankrupts in certain Cafes, be read the Third Time upon day Morning next.

Mefoloed, Tha/t this House will, upon Morn-

21 ing

DegciTs

Divorco*

Insolvent

Debtors.

Militia

X raining.

o

Goodmans

Fields

Streets.

SpStal Fields to

Bishopsgate Bow Street.

Wappinz

Streets.

18 Geo. III.

Mali.

959

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, the Laws relating to the raising and training of the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 6° Maii;

Anno 18* Georgii III*'* Regis, 1778.

Prayers.

MR. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for applying the Sum of One thousand Five hundred Pounds, to be borrowed upon the Credit of the Surplufes of a certain Fund, commonly called the Orphans Fund, for the Purpose of widening certain Avenues leading into Goodmans Fields, in the County of Middlesex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him tp report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and '. lien a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for applying the Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, to be borrowed upon the Credit of the Surplufes of a certain Fund, commonly called the Orphans Fund, for the Purpose of making a Passage for Carriages from Spital Fields to Bishopfgate Street, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for applying the Sum of One thousand Pounds, to be borrowed upon the Credit of the Surplufes of A certain Fund, commonly called the Orphans , for the Purpose of opening Communications between 7 Yapping Street and Ratcliff Highioay, and between Old Gravel Lane and Virginia ,‘ and for paving certain Streets intended to be built; and also certain other Streets, and public Passages and PlaceB, within the Parishes of Saint George and Saint John of Wapping, in the County of M was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Rill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with Voi. 36.

the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by 1

the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Mr. Alderman Ilauley reported from the Committee, Dirty Lwe, to whom the Bill ibr widening, paving, and improving,

Dirty Lane, and Part of Brick , leading from Wwtechapd* Whitechapel to Spilalfidds, in the County of , am*‘

was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and Ire read the Report in his Place; and afterwards "delivered the Bill, with tire Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and theu a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the;

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Wilkes do carry to the Christ chnreh. Lords the ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, passed in the M^d|efex, Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, more °°r’ effectually to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, to purchase, hire, or erect, a Workhouse, for the employing and maintaining the Poor of the said Parish, atld for the more effectual Support and Employment of the Poor therein, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordshipe thereto.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Exportation thereunto subscribed. Inhabitants of the Borough of Bridport, Town of Beamijler, Parish Of Broadivindfbr, and Places adjacent, in the County of Dorset, being America. Matter Manufacturers of Sail Cloth and Cordage, on behalfof themselves and their numerous Dependants, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Petitioners, firice they presumed to petition the House against the Bill for permitting all Sail Cloth and Cordage of the Manufacture of Ireland to be imported into this Kingdom free of Duty, have further1 obferred that another Bill is depending, for permitting, in like Manner, any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, being the Produce or Manufacture of Ireland (Wool and Woollen Manufactures only excepted) to be exported from the Kingdom of Ireland directly into any of the British Plantations in America, or the West , or into any of the Settlements belonging to Great Britain on the Coast of Africa; and that. Sail Cloth and Cordage being of course included, the Consequence of the said Bill, jointly with that of the other, should they both pass into Laws, the Petitioners conceive, will be not. a partial Rivalship only, but the entire Ruin of those Manufactures in this Kingdom, at lead in this Part of it, as the Irish, besides the Means of manufacturing these Commodities cheaper, appear to possefe such Advantages, in Point of Situation, and other Circumstances, for Exports to the Plantations and Settlements, as muff enable them to underfed us abroad m a still greater Degree than at Home: And therefore pray ing. That the said Bill may not paf9 into a Law.

A Petition of tire Tallow Chandlers of the City of Ditto* London, and Liberties thereof, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners obl'erve, by. the Votes, that a Bill is depending, to permit the Exportation of certain Goods, therein mentioned, directly from Ireland into any British Plantation in America, or any British Settlement on the Coast of

Africa; and that, should such a Bill pass into a Law, the Petitioners will be greatly injured, as the Trade of

exporting

6° Man, r '^.1778.

exporting Candles from hence would thereby be entirely loft: And therefore praying. That such Bill may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill to permit the Exportation of certain Goods therein mentioned, directly from Irelandinto any Plantations in America, or any British Settlement on the Coast of Africa, be read a Second Time.

S*il Cloth,- A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders,

&c- and Manufacturers, of the County Palatine of ^froin whose Names are thereunto fubfnribed, was presented Ireland, to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill to permit the Importation of Sail Cloth and Cordage, of the Manufacture of Ireland, into this Kingdom, Dutyfree; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, and are allured, that, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, the same will be highly detrimental to the Revenues, Commercial Interests, and Navigation of this Kingdom in general, and tend to the utter Ruin of the Manufactures and Mercantile Interests of the County of Lancaster in particular, and also greatly afieCfc the Landed Interest thereof: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill passing into a T-aw.

Ditto. A Petition of James Buchanan, Esquire, in the Name, and on behalf, of the Merchants, Traders, and Manufacturers, of the City of , was also presented

to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill, and Setting forth. That the Petitioner apprehends, if the same shall pass into a Law, it will be highly prejudicial to the Manufactures of this Country in general, and to the City and Neighbourhood of Glafgczo ih particular: And therefore, in the Name, and on. behalf of the Merchants, Traders, and Manufacturers, of the City of Glasgoio, praying, That he may be heard, by himself or Counsel, against the said Bill.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

importation

from

America

into

Traland.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and Manufacturers, of the County Palatine of ter, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill to permit the Importation of certain Goods from the British Plantations in America, or the British Settlements on. the Coast oi Africa, into the Kingdom of Ireland; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprer henft, and are assured, that, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, the same will be highly detrimental to the Revenues, Commercial Interests, and Navigation, of this Kingdom in general, and tend to the utter Ruin of the Manufactures and Mercantile Interests of the County of Lancaster in particular. Mid also greatly affect the Landed Interest thereof: And therefore, praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or. their Coun-i fel, against the said Bill passing into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their. Petition, if tftey think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition. 1 .

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Common.

alty, of t he Society of Chandlers'and 1 Soap Makers of the City of Br/lol, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill to permit the Exportation of certain Goods, therein mentioned, directly from Ireland into any British Plan- tation in America, or any British Settlement on the Coall

oiAfrica; and Setting forth, That, should the same pass into a Law, His Majesty’s Revenue will be greatly injured, and the Export Trade of Soap and Candles from this Kingdom totally Loft, as Tallow, a principal raw Material used in England for that Manufacture, as also Kelp, are imported from Ireland, under an Export Duty in that Kingdom, besides other Charges of Coin-million, Freight, and Insurance; and Kelp, together with Saif, Oil, and Barilla (other Materials of which Soap is made) are chargeable with heavy Duties here, and very little in Ireland: And therefore p ray ipg, That such Bill may not pass into a Law, and that they may be heard by themselves or Counsel.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and Manufacturers, of the County Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto lubscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill, and Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, and are allured, that, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, the same will be highly detrimental to the Revenues, Commercial Inte-relts, and Navigation, of this Kingdom in general, and tend to the utter Ruin of the Manufactures and Mercantile Interests of the County of Lancaster in particular, and also greatly aftect the Landed Interest thereof: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill passing into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read u Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, -upon their Petitions, if they think, fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in- Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders* and Manufacturers, of the County Palatine of Lancaf-ter, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill to permit the Importation of Cotton Yarn, the Manufacture of Ireland, into this Kingdom, Duty-free 5 and Setting>forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, and are assured, that in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, the same will be highly detrimental to the Revenues, Commercial Interests, and Navigation, of this Kingdom in general, and tend to the iftter Ruin of the Manufactures and Mercantile Inlercfts of the County of Lancaster in particular, and also greatly affect the landed Interest thereof: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill passing into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard; by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit. . ':

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Tinie, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and Manufacturers, of the County Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill to permit the Exportation of Glass, manufactured in Ireland, from thence to any Place whatsoever, except Great Britain; and $dttingforth. That the Petitioner*

apprehend.

Exportation

from

Ireland

to

Amenta*

Ditt*

Importidoi

of

Cotton Van

Glass

maoufa&ared

in

Ireland.

*8 Geo. III.

apprehend, and are assured, thdt, in case the said Bill should pals into a Law, the same will be highly detrimental to the Revenues, Commercial Intereti$, and* !Nravigut;on, of this Kingdom in general, and tend to the utter Ruin of the Manufactures and Mercantile Interelis of the County of Lancaster in particular, and all’o greatly assess the Landed Interest thereof: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by them-felvesor their Counsel,-against the said Bill passing into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

London; . An ingrossed Bill for paving and repairing the Streets,

Kc"pO'v'K*'gat* Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within Ac"8’ such Part of the Liberty of Norton Falgate, in the County of Middlesex, as is extra-parochial, and certain Parts of Magpie Alley and Street, in the Parish

of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the said County, and ibr removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; and also for making proper Drains and Sewers in and near the fame; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title i be. An Act for paving and repairing the Streets, Lanes,

pud other public Passages and Places, within such Part of the Liberty of Norton Falgate, in the County of Middlesex, as is extra-parochial, and certain Parts of Magpie Alley and Blojfom Street, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the said County, and for removing Obstructiom and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Sir Herbert do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

'Middlesex Ordered, That Sir Herbert do make the

3cffi«n» Hous*. Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for authorizing the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, to fell the present Session House for the said ’ - County, and for enabling them to build another Session

TIoufe in a more convenient Situation, and to keep the same in Repair; and for applying the Sum of Eleven thousand Pounds (to be borrowed upon the Credit of the Surplufes of a certain Fund, commonly called the Orphans Fund) towards defraying the Expence of building the said Session House, was committed.

Sir Herbert Mackworth accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the'Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,/with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said

Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Southwark Mr. Polhill reported from the Committee, to whom Paving. the Bill for applying the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, to be borrowed upon the Credit of the Surplufes of a certain Fund, commonly called the Orphans Fund, towards completing the Paving of the Town aaid Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, VOL.36.' '

Wait. 961

\Vhich they haddirested him to report to the House;. and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Charles Dundas reported from the Committee, Dund« to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, EAatw.

An Act to authorize Sir Lawrence Dundas, Baronet, and the several other Persons therein named, to insert, in a Deed of Disposition and Conveyance of Lands and Hereditaments in Scotland, agreed to be settled by Ar-

O j

tides made previous to the Marriage of Thomas das, Esquire, with Lady Charlotte his Wife, the like Power of Exchange, as is contained in the Settlement made previous to the said Marriage, of certain Estates of the said Sir Lawrence Dundas, in England, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill t o the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir George' Robinson reported from the Committee, Northampton to whom the Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and saving. watching, the Town of Northampton, and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances, therein, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill^ and found the same to be trne; and that the Committee had gone through, the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and fhen a 'Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Fecheil:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Ae Bunney*, Act to enable Edmund Hartopp (lately called E4L ^ame*

mundBunney) Esquire, and the Heirs of his. Body, by -Ann his Wife, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Hartopp, without any Amendment.

And then the M^flengers withdrewr.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Tniftees Order, a Bill for enabling Trustees, under particular Turnpike -Acts, to meet and carry such Acts intq execution, notwithstanding the y may not have met or adjourned agreeable to the Directions of such Acts; and for preventing Disputes touching the Payment of Tolls Tor Horses or Carriages belonging to, or employed byi Officers or Soldiers on Duty; Aud the same yvas received; and read the Firil Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by

11 , M Loans x

r'

Puniftunent

_ fcy.

Transportation and Hard Labour.

Supply-

Sail Cloth, &c. iirported from Ireland*

Importatiot from America Into Ireland.

9 62 70

Loans or Exchequer Bills, For the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, was tread a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself in^o a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to continue an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " authorize, for a limited Time, the Punishment, by " I lard Labour, of Offenders, who, for certain Crimes,

" are or shall become liable to be transported to any " of His Majesty‘s Colonies and Plantations," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole: House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gascoynetook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gascoyne reported from the Committee, That

they had come to a Ilesolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gascoyne also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House wdl, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read for the Second Reading of the Bill to permit the Importation of Sail Cloth and Cordage, of the Manufacture of Ireland, into this Kingdom, Duty-free;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Months.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to permit the Importation of certain Goods from the British Plantations in America, or the British Settlements on the Coaii of Africa, into the Kingdom of Ireland;

\ A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question, viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day *c Three Months."

And the Question being put. That the Word " now" (land Part of the Question;

The House divided.

; The Noes went forth.

Tellers for to Yeas,{ }>*«

Tellers for the Noes, I 7^ re$* , 1 77.'

{Sir nomas: J '1

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put j

Mali. 1778.

Resolved, That the said Bill he now read a Second Time.

Then the Counsel for the Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesirien, Merchants, and Land Owners, of the Town and Neighbourhood of in the County

Palatine of Lancaster; and also the Petition of liie Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common Council, of the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Mariners, Traders, and Manufacturers, of the Town of Liverpool, whoseNames are subscribed; and also the Petition of the Merchants and Traders in the Town of Lancaster; and also the Petition of James Buchanan, Esquire, in the Name and on behalf, of the Merchants, Traders, ami Manufacturers, of the City of Glafgwhich were Yefier-

day presented to the House; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and Manufacturers, of the County Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, which was this Day presented to the House, was called in (no Counsel appearing for the Bill).

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the said several Petitions were also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was in Part heard.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill to permit the Exportation of certain Goods, therein mentioned, directly from Ireland, into any British Plantation in America, or any British Settlement on the Coast of Africa, be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill to permit the Importation of Cotton Yarn, the Manufacture of Ireland, into this Kingdom, Duty-free, be read a Second Time upon

Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill to permit the Exportation of Glass, manufactured in Ireland, from thence to any Place whatsoever, except Great Britain, be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House, having continued to fit till , after One of the Clock on Thursday Morning1,

adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Jovts, 70 di Mali;

Anno 18* Georgii III‘U Regjs, 1778.

Prayers.

MR. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir Robert Sutton, deceased, in the County of Lincoln, in Sir Richard Sutton, Baronet, in Fee Simple; and for veiling certain Lands of the said Sir Richard Sutton, in Eastthorpe, in the County of Nottingham, in the Archbishop of York, and his Successors, in Fee Simple, in Exchange for the Matifion House, Park, and Lands, of the said Sir Richard Sutton, called Norwood Park and Hall Meadow, in the said County of Nottingham, now held by the said Sir Richard Sutton upon Lease for Lives; and for veiling the fame, together with other Lands of the said Sir Richard Sutton, in the County of Nottingham, in lieu of the said settled

Exportatioa from It eland to

America.

Importation

of

Cotton Yarn.

Glass

Mauiriactured

in

Ireland.

Ways and Meant.

Sutton1!

Estate*.

Campbell's

Estates.

Brampton

Bridge,

Ac.

Ronds*

Dapdon

Wharf,

arc.

Road.

18 Geo. III. y6 Mali.963

tied Estates, was committed; That the Committee had are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Corn-examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the inittee had considered the said Petition; and had exa-fame to be true; and that the Parties concerned had mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Committee; and that the Committee had directed the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, him to report the Bill to the House, without any which they had directed him to report to the House; Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards Table. delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the

And the said Bill was r£ad the Third Time. Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once

Rtjblved, That the Bill do pass. read throughout; and theu a Second Time, One by

Ordered, That Mr. Frederick Montagu do carry One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this were agreed to by the House.

House bath agreed to the fame, without any Amend- A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, di-ment. renting, that no Toll shall be taken upon the Road

between Common and Pulborough until

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the the same is repaired.

Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; intituled, An Act for impowering the Judges of the which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Court of Session in Scotland, to fell such Parts and Por- Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be tions of the entailed Estates of Shawfield, and others, made Part of the Bill.

in the Counties of Lanerk and Argyle, belonging to Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

Walter Campbell, of Shawfield, Esquire, as shall be fuf- for appointing additional Trustees.

ficient for Payment of the Debts affecting the fame, was And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon

committed; That the Committee had examined the the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House,

Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; to be made Part of the Bill.

and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent - Orde', That the Bill, with the Amendments, be to the Bill, so the Satisfaction of the Committee; and ingrossed. that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill

to the House, without any Amendment: And be de- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account; livered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. Account of the Quantities of Ginger, Pimento, Bea- fc*p®n* from

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. ver Skins and Furs, Pitch, Tar, Turpentine, Silk,

ReJ'olvpd, That the Bill do pass. Elephants Teeth, and Sugar, exported from Great Bri~x Ireland.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do tain into Ireland, for Three Years, ending at Christmas carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that last; with the Amount of the Duties drawn back on this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amend- such Exportation, ment.

Orde, That there be laid before this House, an Account; An ingrossed Bill for better repairing, amending, and Account of the Duties paid on Ginger, Pimento, Bea- Dune* on widening, the Roads leading from Brampton Bridge to ver Skins and Furs, Pitch, Tar, Turpentine, Silk, ®inSer* Welfjrd Bridge, and from Mortar Pit Hill to Chain and Elephants Teeth, for Three Years laftpaft, ending

Bridge, in the County of Northampton; and also from at Christ?nas last.

Mortar Pit Hill and Brampton Bridge aforesaid, to the

Town of Northampton-, and for repealing several Acts Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Punishment

made in the Eighth Year of King George the First, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, .

and the Twelfth and Twenty-third Years of his late upon the Bill to continue an Act, made in the Sixteenth ran^'n^t‘oa Majesty, relating to the said Roads, was read the Third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to Hard labour. Time. " authorize, for a limited Time, the Punishment, by

Refvlved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title " Hard Labour, of Offenders, who, for certain Crimes,

be. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, " are or tlia.ll become liable to be transported to any

and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations," be now

Town of Northampton to Chain Bridge, near the Town read.

of Market Jlarborough, and from The Direction Post in And the said Order being read accordingly;

Kingsthorpe, in the County of Northampton, to Welford The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Bridge, in the said County ;1 and for repealing several Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Acts, made in the Eighth Year of King George the Sir Charles took the Chair of the Com-

First, and the Twelfth and Twenty-third Years of his mittee.

late Majesty, relating to the said Roads. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That Mr. Pozvys do carry the Bill to the Sir Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee,

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. That they had gone through the Bill, and made several

Amendments thereunto; which they bad directed him Mr. George Onjloio reported from the Committee, to to report, when the House will please to receive the whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an fame.

Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow his Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and Morning, widening the Road from the North End of Dapdon

Wharf, in the Parish of Stoke next Guldeford, through A Petition of the Glass Manufacturers in the City Qiaf,

Guldeford, to Andrew's Cross, and to Alfoltl Bars, in the of Br, was presented to the House, and read; taking M»nof»awe4

County of Surrey, and from thence to Saint Mary's Notice of the Bill to permit the Exportation of Glass, TJ,"n/l Gate in Arundel, in the County of Suffer, was com- manufactured in Ireland, from thence to any Place mitted; and to whom the Petition of the several Gen- whatsoever, except Great Britain; and Setting forth, tlemeu. Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the That the Petitioners apprehend, if the same should several Parishes of Billingshurst, Kirdford, Wifhorough pass into a Law, it would tend greatly to the Pre-

Green, Sliiifold, and Rutlgzcick, and the Neighbourhood judice of the Petitioners, and, in a Degree, to the.

thereof, in the County of Suffer; and also of the several Ruin of their Trade and Manufacture, which they Owners of Estates lying and being in the said several have, with great Difficulty and at vast Expence, brought Parishes, and the Neighbourhood thereof, whose Names to its present Perfection; and that the Manufacturers Vo i. 3G. in

Degen’s

Divorce.

Basingftofce

Canal.

Ruflcington

Indofucc.

Dover

Streets.

Maidford

Inclosure.

Northowram

Inclosure.

Sdpply.

964 7® Matt. A. 1778,

in Ireland, are not charged with any Duty on Glass; that they have Kelp (a very considerable Article in the Glass Manufactory) at about One Half the Price it costs the Petitioners; and the Petitioners do not, in Crown or Flint Glass, draw back on Exportation more than Half the Duty they pay; and that these great Advantages will enable them to undersell the Petitioners at Foreign Markets, and mult deprive them of that Trade, which is the very Life and Being of the Glass Manufactory in the City of Bristol; and that the Petitioners conceive, it will likewise be a considerable Loss to the Revenue, as the Kelp used in the Manufactory of Glass is chiefly the Produce of Ireland, and, upon the Importation of it into England, a considerable Duty is paid; and that these alarming Circumstances induce the Petitioners to beg, that the House will take the Premises into their Consideration, and afford them such Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pechell and Mr. Fames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to difiolvethe Marriage of George Degen with

Catharine Furlong, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making a Navigable Canal from the Town of Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton, to communicate with the River Wey, in the Parish of Chertsey, in the County of and to the South

East Side of the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Tur-gi/s, in the said County of Southampton; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Common Fen, Cow Pasture, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Rujkington, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and w atching, the Streets and Lanes within the Town of Dover, in the County of Kent, and in the several Parishes of Saint Mary the Virgin and Saint James the in the said 1 own and County; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Heath and Waste Grounds, of and within the Parish of Maidford, in the County of Northampton swithout any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Northowram, in the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York ,* .'without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was refciTed to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Sir Grey Cooper accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed to he reported to tire House j which he read iii his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; 1 And is as fol-Joweth; viz.

*4

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One Million, he granted to His Majesty, on account, to enable His Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences incurred, or to be incurred, on Account of Military Services for the-Year One thousand Seven hundred aild Seventy-eight, and to take all such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

The said Residution beingTead a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Sir Grey C’oopei-, the Lord,

the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Cornwall, the Lord Westcote,. the Lord Palmerjion, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. RobinJ'on, dt> prepare, and.

bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bi3| to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^Xn|^uet upon the Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight* be nchf read.

-And-the said Order being read accordingly;

The House refol ved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charles Townshend took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charles Tvwnjhend reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made fev€ral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.-

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the w'hole House, ?*’ upon the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for explaining and " amending so much of an Act, made in the First " Year of the Reign of King James the Second, intituled, " An additional Act for the Improvement of *. Tillage," as relates to the City of ," so far

as the same relates to the Method of examining and determining the Prices of middling British Oats, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon t|ii9 Day Three Months, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Mifira to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Training; upon the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, the Laws relating to the raising and training of the Militia, 1 withm that Part of Great Britain called England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordinglj';

A Motion was made, and die Question being proposed.

That it he an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause to provide, that the Seats of Members returned to serve in Parliament,-liiall not be vacated by the Acceptance of a Commission in any Corps of Fencible Men raised, or to be raised, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the

Queliion, by adding at the End thereof these Words,

" or in any Corps to be raised in Britain, in which no Officer thall he entitled to Half Pay, or to " any Rank in the Army, except during the actual *. Service of such Corps."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there added;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Hien

1

Registering thi' Prices of Corn.

Insolvent

Debtors.

18 Geo. III.

7° — 8° MaiL

96 5

Tlion the main Question, so amehded, being put. That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to provide, that the Seats of Members returned to serve in Parliament shall hot be vacated by the Acceptance of a Commission in any Corps of Fencible Men raised, or to be raised, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or in any Corps to be raised in Great Britain, in which no Officer shall be entitled to Half Pay,- or to any Rank in the Army, except during the actual Service of such Corps;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, I Mr‘ 7

’| Mr. George Onjlozc: J °

-r , cx- (Sir Cecil IVraij,

lellcrsfor theNoes.^..- v'

(Sir George longe:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for ascertaining the Rank of the Officers serving in the several Corps of Fencible Men raised, or to be raised, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and in any Corps which may be raised in England, not entitled to Half Pay or Rank, with respect to the Officers of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, w hen the several Corps shall serve together for the Public Service.

Then the House resolved itself into (he said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hartley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hartley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several -Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hartley accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made-to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

The.other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for registering the Prices at which Corn is fold in the " several Counties of Great Britain, and the Quantity " exported and imported."

Ordered, That the ingrossed' Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and for the Relief of Bankrupts in certain Cafes, be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock,

V eneris, 8° dieMai 't;

Anno i8* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1778.

Prayers.

, N ingrossed Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, Northampton

___L and watching, the Town of Northampton, and r*vin8-

for removing and preventing Incroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances, therein, was read the Third Time. , ‘

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Town of Northampton, and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances, therein.

Ordered, That Sir George Robinson do carry the Rill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for applying the Sum of One thousand Pounds, to be borrowed upon the Credit of the Surplufes of a certain Fund, commonly called the Orphans Fund, for the Purpose of opening Communications between Wapping Street and and between Old Gravel Lane and Virginia and for paving certain Streets intended to be’ built, and also certain other Streets, and public Passages and Places, within the Parishes of George and John of Wapping, in the County of r, ‘was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title* be, An Act for applying the Sum of One thousan<| Pounds, to arise out of the Surplufes of a certairyFipid, commonly called the Orphans Fund, for the Purpose of opening Communications between Wapping Street and Ratcliff Highway, and between Gravel''Lane

and Virginia Street, within the Parishes oi Saint George and Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex,

Ordered, That Mr. Byng do carry the Bill to thfi Lords, and desire itheir Concurrence.

Wapping

Streets.

re Ah

m

An ingrossed/fcill for applying the Sum of NirM Spitalfield* thousand Pounds, to be borrowed upon the Credit of to the Surplufes of a certain Fund, commonly called the ®,fl>opfgate Orphans Fund, for the Purpose of making a Passage new reet‘ for Carriages from Spitalfields' to Rishopsgate Street,

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for applying the Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, t.o arise out of the Surplufes of a certain Fund, commonly called the Orphans Fund, for the Purpose of making a Passage for Carriages from Spitalfields to Bishopsgate Street, in the County of Middlesex. v

Ordered, That Mr. Byng do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

-v

Yol. 36.

An ingrossed Bill for applying the Sum of One Goodmans thousand Five hundred Pounds, to be borrowed upon Helds the Credit of the Surplufes of a certain Fund, commonly treets. called the Orphans Fund, for the Purpose of widening certain Avenues leading into Goodmans Fields, in the County of Middlesex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for applying the Sum of One thousand Five hundred Pounds, to arise out of the Surplufes of a certain Fund, commonly called the Orphans Fund, for the Purpose of widening certain Avenues leading into, Goodmans Fields, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Byng do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for applying the Sum of Four Southwark 'thousand Pounds, to be borrowed upon the Credit of Paving.

11 N the

5)66 8* Mali. 1778.

the Stnplufes of a Certain Fund, commonly called the Orphans Fund, towards completing she paving of the Town and Borough of and certain

Parts adjacent, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for applying the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, to arise out of the Surplufes of a certain Fund, commonly called the Orphans Fund, towards Completing the paving of the Town and Borough of Soutlnoark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Mr. Polhill do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Rye Way, Mr. Alderman Harley reported From the Commit-&c. tee, to whom the Petition of several GentlemeiVof the Road*- Counties of Hereford and Radnor was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and

is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several printed Newspapers were produced to your Committee, dated the 5th, 12 th, and 19th Days of March last, wherein Notices of an Application made to Parliament for an Act to continue the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Hertford, Radnor, and Salop, and for amending other Roads in the County of Hereford, are inserted, agreeable to the Leave granted by the House, upon the 26th Day of February last. And,

John Price, Esquire, Charles King, and George shaw, proved, that Notice of the said Application had also \jeen affixed on the Doors of the Session Houses (of the Counties of Radnor, Hereford, and Salop, at the last Easier Sessions, agreeable to the Leave of the JHfoufe granted as aforesaid.

The House was moved. That the Report, which upon the 26th Day of February last" was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the Counties of Hertford and Radnor, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was -tiferred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " amending, repairing, and widening, the Roads leading from the Rye in the Parish of in the' County of Hereford, to Prejleigne, in the County of Radnor, and from thence to " ,dine, and from Prejleigne aforesaid, to the Top of " Trap Hill, and from the Rye Way aforesaid, by The Maidenhead, to Woofer ton, in the County of and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads, branching out of the Roads comprised in the said Act;: And that Mr. Alderman Harley, the Lord Bateman, and Mr. Johnes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

' Middlesex Sir Herbert Mackworth reported from the Commit-SessionHause. tee, to whom the Bill for authorizing the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, to fell the present Session House for the said County, and for enabling them to build another Session House in a more convenient Situation, and to keep the same in Repair; and for applying the Sum of Eleven thousand Pounds, to be borrowed upon the Credit of the Surplufes of a certain Fund, commonly called the Orphans Fund, towards defraying the Expence of building the said Session House, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to

the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the Housej and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according Supply Bill; to Order, a Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise 4he Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration Parish the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, in- APPrefltices’ tituled, An Act to amend such Part of an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of the Poor,’' as relates to the binding of Parish Apprentices.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. ]. 21. After " Term" insert " respecting " Men Children."

1. 25. Leave out from " Years" to " all," in the 27 th Line of the same Prels.

Pr. 2. 1. 5. After " any" insert " Man."

1. 12. After " such" leave out " Man."

1. 13. Leave out from " Years" to the End of the Bill.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr, Charles Mellish do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House being informed that Mr. ,from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of raw Sugars exported Accounts; from that Part of Great Britain called England, into Sujar. Ireland, from Christmas 1774 to C 1777; spe-

cifying the Port from which the same was exported:

And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Foreign Sail Sail Cloth Cloth and Cordage imported into that Part of Great imparted. Britain called England, for Ten Years past; viz. from Christnas 1767 to Christmas 1777; distinguishing each Year, and the Places from whence the same have been imported: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Foreign Sail Cloth Dim* exported from England, and to what Country, for e*Por, ed' Ten Years last pall; viz. from Christmas 1767 to Christmas 1777; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of British Sail Cloth Ditto, exported from England, and to what Country, from the Year 1754 to^the Year x 7 7 7, both inclusive; distih-guithing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Irish Linens, Checks* Lioen

and Sail Cloth, imported into England, from mas 1773 to Christmas 1777; distinguishing the Quan-

tities imported in each Year: And also,

An Account of the Value of Glass and Earthen Glah, &<v Ware, and Sugars refined, exported from England to Ireland, from Christmas 1773 to Christmas 1774; distinguishing each Year.

Aqd then he withdrew.

A?d the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered,

9

18 Geo III.

8° Mali.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session. V

African

Trade.

1

The House being informed that Mr. from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

The Minute Book of the Proceedings of the African Committee, from the 3d of July 1777 to the present Time: And also,

N° 1. Thomas JVtfgate's Letter to the Committee, dated the 10th April 1777: And also,

N° 2. RichS'dMiles’s Letter, dated 25th March

1777: And also,

N° 3. " Minutes of Council, 18th and 23d March 1777: And also,

N®4. Letters to the President and Council; viz.

Thomas Westgate's, dated 18th March 1777; Ro-

bert Collins's, dated 19th March 1777; Jerome Bernard Weaves's, 19th March 1777: And also,

N° 5. Certificate of the Deficiency of Gunpowder: And also,

N° 6. Thomas Wcfgate's Letter to the Committee, dated the 16th September 1777: And also,

N° 7. Copy of a letter from Miles to &c.

dated 10th September 1777: And also,

N° 8. Copy of a Letter from to Miles, 12th

September 1777: And also,

V9. Letter from Miles to Westgate, 14th September 1777: And all'o,

N° 10. Ditto, King to Westgate, June 1777: And also,

N° 11. Ditto, Ditto to Ditto, 3d July 1777; And also,

N° 12. Ditto, Deakin to Ditto, 3d July 1777: And also,

N®i3. Correspondence respecting the Annamaboe Blacks.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Book and Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Book and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved- amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. The said Minute Book was, by a subsequent Order of the House, of the 2d Day of June, re-delivered to the proper Officer.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Parkin do, upon Tuesday Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it >s referred to consider of the Trade to Africa.

Sir Charles Banbury, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue an Act, made in the Sixteenth HardLabonr. Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " authorize, for a limited Time, the Punishment, by Hard Labour, of Offenders, who, for certain Crimes, " are. or shall become liable to be transported to any " of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Vol. 3L).

Punishment

by

Tra importation

and

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments,

be ingrossed.

The Lord Beauchamp reported from the Committee, Wefcninftef to whom the Bill for erecting a Building for holding the Court Houfia Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and transacting the other public Buu-ness of the said City and Liberty; and for applying the Sum of Five thousand Five hundred Pounds, to be borrowed upon the Credit of the Surplufes of a certain Fund, commonly called the Orphans Fund, toward^ defraying the Expence thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Charles Taumjhend, according to Order, Reported Supply Bill; from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Exchequer* Bill for raising a further Sum Of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:, Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bo ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Regiffering a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to the Price* continue and amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year of Cora, of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for registering the Prices at which Corn is fold " in the several Counties of Great Britain, and the " Quantity exported and imported."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Brett took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Brett reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.'

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Motion

posed. That an humble Address be presented to His for

Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Toufoa Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies pket. or Extracts of all Letters and other Papers containing any Intelligence received by any of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, the Coramiftioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or any other of His Majesty’s Ministers, iu relation to the Equipment of the French Fleet, lately failed from Toulon;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting, after the Word " Equipment," the Words " and failing."

And

9<58 , 8% — ii-^.1778.

1

v

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

} 47-

TellerSfor.heNoe4^7^-V. j 49.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be prefen ted to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies or Extracts of all Letters, and other Papers, containing any Intelligence received by any of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or any other of His Majesty’s Ministers, in relation to the Equipment of the French Fleet, lately failed from Toulon. '

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Importation Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the further from hearing of Counsel upon tlje Bill to permit the Im-Aiato'Ca portation of certain Goods from the British Plantations Ireland, in America, or the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa, into the Kingdom of Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to the further hearing of Counsel, upon the said Bill.

And the Counsel against the Bill were called in.

And the Counsel for the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Mariners, Traders, and Manufacturers, of the Town of Liverpool, whose Names are subscribed, were further heard, and examined several Witnesses, and went through the Evidence, in Support of the said Petition.

And then the Counsel against the Bill were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further hearing of Counsel, upon the said Bill, be further adjourned till Monday Morning next?

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supp'y- Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to, His Majesty.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Mbnday Morn-Mom* ’n£ next> resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mn*‘ House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

LuntZy l i* die Matt;

Anno 18* Georgii III1* Regis, 1778.

Prayers.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Hctt: Mr. Speaker,

Expiring. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Laws. Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British-ma.deGunpowder; to the further encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth; to the granting a

Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, directly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excite; to the prohibiting the Importation of light Silver Coin of this Realm from Foreign Countries into Great Britain or Ireland, and to restrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum; to the granting a Bounty upon Flax Seed imporetd into Ireland;to the better regulating of Pilots

for the conducting of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and Isle of Thanet; and to revive and continue so much of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wjieat, and other Articles, to his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America without- any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for paving and repairing the Streets, I^anes, and other public Passages and Places, within such Part of the Liberty of Norton Falgate, in the County of Mid-

dlesex, as is extra-parochial, and ebrtain Parts of Magpie Alley and Blqffbm Street, in the Parish of Saint

Leonard, Shoreditch, in the said County, ^tnd for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill,1 intituled, An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, more cfl'ectually to enable the Parithioners of the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, to purchase, hire, or erect, a Workhouse, for the employing and maintaining the Poor of the said Parish, and for the more effectual Support and Employment of the Poor therein; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to impower the Trustees for amending the Road from Uttoxeter to Newcafle under in the County of Stafford, to repair and widen the Road branching out of the said Road at Lower Lane, to the Turnpike’ Road on Hem Heath, in the same County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers; without any Amendment: And also, -The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the speedy and effectual recruiting of His Majesty’s Land Forpes and Marines; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable James Rumball, now called James Quil/er, his

First and other Sons, and his younger Brothers, and their First and other Sons, and their Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Coat Armour of Quilter, in pursuance of the Will df James Esquire, deceased; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Norton Fal^te Paving, (London.)

Christchurch,

Middlesex,

Poor.

Uttoxeter,

&c.

Road.

Papins’

Deeds

and Wills.

Recruiting

the

Land Forces, &c.

Rumbali's

Name.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Glass in London, Glass was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice manujaftuKd of the Bill to permit the Exportation of Glass, manu-factored in Ireland, from thence to any Place whatsoever, except Great Britain; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are well affined, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, it will very materially injure them, and in a great Degree ruin their Trade, and be highly detrimental to the Revenue and Commercial Interests of this Kingdom: And therefore praying the House will take their same into Consideration, and afford them such Relief as shall seem proper; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill passing into a Law.

' Ordered,

Blackwood’s

Estates.

Bridges*

Stares.

Dirty Lane, in

Whitechapel

Paring.

Dap ion Wharf, fee. Road.

18 Gfo. III. ii°

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.;

Ordered, That Connfel be admitted to be heard, at the I'ame-Trine, in Favour of the said Bill, ugainfl the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Me linages, Lands, Tenements, and I Icreditaments, in the Parish of in the County of Kent, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Shovel Black-rood and Sarah his Wile, in Trullees, to the several t’fes within mentioned; and also for veiling certain other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in t lie Parishes of Korborn,

Ham, Skoldim, and Paulions, in the said County of Kent,

culled Poult on Farm, and West Street, and Park Gate Farm, intailed upon the tflue Male of the said Shovely Blackwood, in other Trullees, to the several Uses within mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Refilled, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Howard, Mr. Whittcorth, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trufloes certain Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in the County of Surrey, settled in and by Ibe W ill of Thomas Bridges, Esqui.re, deceased, to be sold and conveyed, pursuant to Articles, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Lands and Tenements, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will, was read a Second lime.

Ilefulved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Howard, Mr. H'hituforth,&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for widening, paving, and improving, Dirty Lane, and Part of Lane, leading from Whitechapel to Spitalfieldsin the County of

Middlesex, was read the Third Time.

Iiejblved. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for widening and improving a certain Avenue called Dirty lame, and Part of Lane, leading from

Whitechapel to Spitalfields, in the County of Middlesex-,

and for paving Dirty Lane, and also the East Sid* of Petticoat Lane, from Whitechapel High to Wentworth Street, the said Avenue called Street,

from thence in One continued Line, through Old Montague Street, Chapel Street, and Prince's Row, to Baker's Row inclusive, and the several Streets and Passages leading into the fame, and for removing all Obllruftions and Encroachments therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and defile their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Wharf, in the Parish of Slake next Gult/eford, through Guldeford, to Andrew's Cross, and to Al/old Bars, in the County of Surrey, and from thence to Saint Mary's Gate, iu Arundel, in the County of Sujj'ex, was read the Third Time.

Refdved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the I hirtieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Dapdon Wharf, in the Parish of Stoke next through

Vol. 36.

Mali. 969

Guldeford, to Andrew's Cross, and to Alfold Bars, in the County of Surrey, and from thence to Saint Mary's Gale, in Arundel, in the County of Suffer.

Ordered, That Mr. George Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for erecting a Building for holding the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Wfmiifer, and transacting the other public Bull-ness of the said City and Liberty; and for applying the Sum of Five thousand Five hundred Pounds, to be borrowed upon the Credit of the Surplufes of a certain Fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, towards defraying the Expence thereof, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill, viz.

' Pr. x. 1. 38. After " Whitworth" to insert " Sir " John Hawkins."

Pr. 16.1. 16. To leave out " Monday" and insert " Tuesday "and to leave out " Fifteenth" and insert " Sixr " teenth" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Rifoiled, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for erecting a Building for holding the Courts, and exercising the Jurisdiction, of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, in Westminster, within the City and Liberty of and for bolding the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and transacting the other public Business of the said City and Liberty; and for appropriating Part of the Surplufes of The Orphans Fund, towards defraying the Expence thereof.

Ordered, That the Lord Peterfiam do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Darker reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Thomas Bennett, the Younger, and Elizabeth his Wife, in Trullees, to be conveyed in Exchange for other Estates of greater Value, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to she Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

' Refilled, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Darker do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for authorizing the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex to fell the present Session House for the said County, and for enabling them to build another Session House in a more convenient Situation, and to keep the same in Repair; and for applying the Sum of Eleven thousand Pounds (to be borrowed upon the Credit of the Surplufes of a certain Fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund) towards defraying the Expence of building the said Session House, was read the Third Time.

Refilled, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for authorizing the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex to fell the present Session House for the said County, and for enabling them to build another Session House in a more convenient Situation, and to keep the same in Repair; and for applying the Sum of -Eleven thousand Pounds (to be borrowed upon the Credit of the Surplufes of a certain 11 O Fund,

Westminster Court House.

Bennett’s

Estate

Middlefcr Stffioe Hook.

4

Kye Way, &c* Roads.

Punishment

by

Imprisonment and Hard Labour.

Rumbali’i

Nam#.

Account; Stamp Duties.

Ditto.

Account; Duties on Brazil Wood, ice.

Account; Exports to Ireland.

Account; Rice.

Punifti merit

by.

Transportation and Hard Labour.

i)jo 11° Mail. A. 1778.

fuml, commonly called The Orphans Fund) towards be. An Act to continue an Act, made in the Sixteenth defraying the Expence of building the said Session Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to House. " authorize, for a limited Time, the Punishment, by

Ordered, That Sir Herbert Sf'ackioorthdo carry the '* Hard Labour, of Offenders, who, for certain Crimes,

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. " are or i1io.ll become liable to be transported to any

" of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations."

\tr. Alderman Harley presented to the House, ac- Ord, That Sir Bichard Sutton do carry the Bill cording to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term of to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence: An Apr, m&de in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late

Majesty, intituled, " An API for amending, repairing, Aningrossed Bill for raising a further Siim of Money *‘

"and widening, the Roads leading from The Rye by -Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Bills.’ Way, in the Parish of Yarpole, in the County of Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight,

" Hertford, to P ref eigne, in the County of Radnor, was read the Third Time.

" and from thence to Leintwardine, and from Prejleigne Ref That the Bill dopafs.: And that the Title

" afdreftid to the l of of Trap THU, and from The Rye be, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by " Way aforesaid, by The Maidenhead, to Woo/erton, Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year u in the County of Salop;' and for amending, widen- One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, ing, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads, Ordered, That Sir do carry the: Billter

branching out of the Roads comprised in the said the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. '

Act: And the same was received,; and read the First

Time. A Bill for enabling His Majesty toi raise the Sum of BlllJ

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein'mentioned, was read a Second Time. ": ’ ’

Sir Richard Sutton presented to the House, accord- Resolved, That the Bill be committed. '

ing to Order, a Bill to punish, by imprisonment and Resolved, That the Bill be committed tO a Cotnmitte*

Hard Labour, certain Offenders, and to establish proper of the whole House.

Places for "their Reception: And the same was re- Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-ceived; asd read the First Time. ing, resolve itself into' a. Committee of the whole

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. House, upon the said Bill.

"An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable James Rumball, now called James 2uilter, his First and other Sons, and his younger Brothers, and their First and other Sons, and their Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Coat Armour of Quitter, in pursuance of the Will of James Quitter, Esquire, deceased, was read the’First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

t *

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Stamp Duties of Bonds 'and Debentures, for Goods exported from ‘ttiin to Ireland for the last Ten Years.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Stamp Duties of Bonds and Debentures, for Glass exported from Great Britain, from the Year 1764 to the Year 1774, inclusive.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Duties paid on the Exportation of Brazil Wood, Brafilletto, Fustick, Logwood, Niccoragua Wood, Red Wood, Red Sanders, Indico, Rice, Beaver, Cat, and other Skins, Cotton and Beaver Wool, from Great Britain to Ireland, for the lall Ten Years.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Half Subsidy on the Exportation of enumerated Goods from Great Britain to Ireland, for the last Ten Years.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Duty paid on Rice exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts, from the Year 1764 to the Year 1774, inclusive.

An ingrossed Bill to continue an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to authorize, for a limited Time, the Punishment, by Hard Labour, of Offenders, who, for certain " Crimes, are or shall become liable to be transported " to any of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations," waS read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

T7

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, Commissioners for executing an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Toicer,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, for amending and rendering mors effectual the said Act; and representing to the House, that Tome of the Provisions in the said Bill are unnecessary, and will be burthensome and oppressive to many of the Inhabitants resident within the Ilamlets aforesaid, and particularly to the Poor, who are in general the Persons, Defendants, summoned to the Court established by the said Act; and that there are several Defects in the said Act, for which no Remedy is provided by the present Bill: And therefore praying. That they maybe heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as are objectionable; and that such further and other Provisions may be made therein as the Hotffe shall deem necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred* to the Consideration of the Committee,' to whom the Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-third- Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of " Small Debts within the Toiler Hamlets," is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of Adam Fuller, formerly of lombard Street, London, Banker, and now a Prisoner in the Fleet Prison, praying Relief to be granted him by the

Bill now depending, for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and for the Relief of Bankrupts in certain Cafes, being offered to be presented to the House;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Neg ative.

The

Tower

Hamlets Small Debts

Insolvent

Debtors.

18 Geo. III.

ii° M

971

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and for the Rebef of Banki*upts in certain Cafes;

A Motion was made, and the Question being fjroposed, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words "upon this Day Two " Months."

And the Question be.ing put, That the Word " now’* stand Part of the Question;

Jt was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third, Time.

The, said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

Au ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, declaring, that no Prisoner,. having taken the Benefit of a former Act of Insolvency, if opposed by any Creditor, shall have the Benefit of this Act, although such Prisoner shall be willing to serve His Majesty by $ea or Land.

And the said Clause was read the First Time with Blanks.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

It passed-in the Negative.

Then the Amendments following ivere severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. ji.l. 6. After "thereon" to insert "and " which Bail shall be upon liecord."

I. 9. After " shall" to insert " have."

I.10. To leave out " Twenty-sixth," and insert " Twelfth," and to leave out " June," and insert " February" inilead thereof.

I. it. To leave out " fur render," and insert " surrendered" inilead thereof.

1. 14. To leave out " he ," and insert " have " been" inilead thereof.

Pr. 45.I. 12. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " provided," in Line 14, and insert "unless by the Consent of such Creditor" inilead thereof.

Pr. 56.1. 26. After " Copyhold" to insert " Salaries of Offices under Government. Money."

Pr. 64.1. 28. To leave out from "them" to " provided," in Prefs65,.Line 18.

Pr. 66.1.20. After "Pounds" to insert " besides " Interest and Costs."

Pr. 74.I. 35. To leave out " under former Acts of " this Nature no."

I. 36. To leave out " was ever," and in-

fert " ouglit to be" inilead thereof.

Pr.82.1.39. After " CommilRon" to insert "and " such Bankrupt or Bankrupts " making it appear to the Satisfaction of such Court or Judge,

" that he or they hath or have " made a full Disclosure of his or " their Estate and Effects, and delivered up the fame."

Pr. 83. J. j. After "Effects" to insert "and " such Bankrupt or Bankrupts " making it appear that lie or " they."

J. 4. To leave out " or" and to leave out

Vql.u36.

not.’

1. 9. After "aforesaid" to insert " unless " it v shall appear that such Commission was fraudulently obtained."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and for the Relief of Bankrupts in certain Cafes.

Ordered, That Mr. Bhitieorlh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord North reported to the PJoufe, That Answer to their Address of Friday last (that His Majesty would Addref* be graciously pleased to give Directions that the *or ^aPer*-Papers therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House that He will give Directions accordingly.

Ordered, That there belaid beforethis House, Copies Central* of all Contracts for prov iding Transports to carry the Troops now under Embarkation from the River Clyde, Transports. and of all Orders which have been issued from the Board of Admiralty, or by any of His Majesty’s Secretaries of State, for providing such Transports, and preventing Delays in the Embarkation of the said Troops.

A Petition of the Sugar Refiners of London, was importation presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That from the Petitioners find there are Bills depending before . An}en.ca, the House, respecting the giving Leave for a free Im- nt0 an ' portation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture, of the Plantations in America, and The West Indies, or of any of the Settlements belonging lo Great Britain on the Coast of Africa, and which are required to be imported from thence into Great Britain; and the Petitioners conceive, that if the said Bills should in their present Form pass into Law, they would thereby be greatly injured:

And therefore praying the House, to take into their serious Consideration the comparative View of the Cost of British Muscovado Sugars in Great Britain and Ireland (annexed to the Petition) whereby it will appear, that the People of Ireland do at present import Sugars at a much lower Rate than the People of England; and therefore the Inhabitants of , in re-

specl to that Commodity, being not aggrieved, the Petitioners pray. That the Word "Sugar" may be included in the Exceptions of the Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition dolie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the further Ditto, hearing of Counsel upon the Bill to permit the Importation of certain Goods from the British Plantation^ in America, or the British Settlements on the.Coast of AJ'rica, into the Kingdom of Ireland;

The Counsel against the Bill were called in.

And the Counsel for the Petition of the Mayor*

Bailiffs, and Common Council, of the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool; and also for the Petition of the Merchants and Traders in the Town of Lancaster j and also for the Petition of James Buchanan, Esquire, in the Name, and on behalf, of the Merchants, Traders, and Manufacturers, of the City of Glasgow j were heard, and examined several Witnesses; and went through the Evidence in Support of the said Petitions.

And then the Counsel against the Bill were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill, be further adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

H*

972

11° — ia° Mail. A. 1778.

Death of the The House being informed, by a Member in his

aT,of Place, That the Karl of Chatham died this Morning; am* Rejoiced, Nomine Ca That an humble Address be prefen tod to His Majesty, That His Majesty will be graeioully pleased to give Directions, that the Remains of William Pitt, Earl of Chatham, be interred at the Public Charge; and that a Monument be erected, in the Collegiate Church of Peter's, to the Memory of that excellent Statesman, with an Inscription expressive of the Public Sense of so great and irreparable a I»fs; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the Expences attending the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Morning next, resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday and Means. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy \ 2* d

Anno 18* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1778.

Pra y e r s.

Recruiting

the

Land Forces, tec.

THE House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the speedy and effectual recruiting of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as folio wet h; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 37. After " Years" insert " One thousand " Seven hundred and Seventy-seven,

" and."

1. 39 1 After " Eight" leave out " and One and > " thousand Seven hundred and Se-

40. J " venty-nine."

Pr. 7.I. 2. After " every" leave out " Pound," and insert " Three Pounds."

I. 4. After " Year" insert " One thousand Se-

" ven hundred and Seventy-seven, " and."

J. 6. ? Leave out " and One thousand Seam! 7.5 " ven hundred and Seventy-nine."

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Three Months.

Ditto. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and better recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines: And that the Lord Barrington, Mr. D'Oyley, and Mr. Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, accord-Ditto. ing to Order, a Bill for the more easy and better recruiting of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Dobbin’s The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Divorce, a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingroft'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to distblve the Marriage of Clotxeorthy Dobbin, Eftjuire, with Mary

his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Macdonald took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Macdonald reported from the Committee, That they had(heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. '

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Brett, according to Order, reported from the Registerin Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to ConT continue and amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for registering the Prices at which Corn is fold in the " several Counties of Great Britain, and the Quantity " exported and imported," was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Exportatio* Reading of the Bill to permit the Exportation of certain Goods, therein mentioned, directly from Ireland, ,0 into any British Plantation in America, or any British America.

Settlement on the Coast of Africa, he now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill he read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second importation Reading of the Bill to permit the Importation of Cot- of ton Yarn, the Manufacture of Ireland, into Jthis King- Cotton Yarn dom, Duty-free, be now read.

And the said Order being’read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Glafi Reading of the Bill to permit the Exportation of Glass, manufactured in Ireland, from thence to any Place what- Ireland, soever, except Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

A Bill for enabling Trustees, under particular Turnpike Acts, to meet and carry such Acts into execution, notwithstanding the y may not have met or adjourned agreeable to the Directions of such Acts; and for preventing Disputes touching the Payment of Tolls ior Horses or Carriages belonging to or employed by Officers or Soldiers on Duty, was read a Second Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Brett, See.: And liny are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Trustees

under

Tumpik:

Aa«.

A Bill to punish, by Imprisonment and Hard Labour, certain Offenders, and to establish proper Places lor their Reception, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That t-he Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Puniftimeri by

Imprisonment

and Hard Labour

o

Supply Bill;

railing £> 1,000,000.

Treaty

with the Pri ce of Anhalt Zerbft.

Gfco. III.

12

Mail.

973

Ordered, That the Order of* the Day, for the Ho tile to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gojcoync took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refnmed the Chair

Mr. Gascoyni reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him tp report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Lord North presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Copy of a Treaty between His Majesty and the Prince of Anhalt Zerhjl, concluded and signed at Stade,

the 23d April 1778; and Translation.

And the Titles of the said Copy and Translation were read.

The fair! Copy is preserved among!! the other Papers of this S.ffion, and the said Translation is as-followeth; viz.

Translation of a Treaty between His Majesty and the Prince of Anhalt Zeconcluded and ligned

at Stade, the Twenty-third Day of April 1778.

Be it known to those whom it may concern. That H is Britannick Majesty having thought proper to accept a Corps of Infantry of the Troops of His Moll Sceene Highness the Reigning Prince o,

to be employed in the Service of Great Britain, the high contracting Parties have caul’ed their Orders for this Purpose to be given to their respective Ministers; to wit. His Britannick Majesty to Major General Fauci! t, and the Moll Serene Prince of Anhalt, to the Colonels De Davier and De Kef ritz, who, after the Exchange of their respective full Powers, have agreed upon the following Articles.

Article ift.

The Moll Serene Prince of Anhalt Zerhjl yields to His Britannick Majesty a Corps of Infantry of Six hundred Men, according to the annexed Lift, which shall be at the entire Disposal of the King, with the foie Exception, that they shall not be employed against the Emperor or Empire of Germany.

Article 2d.

The Moll Serene Prince engages to equip this Corps completely, and they shall pass in Review before His Majesty’s Commissary at the Place oflheir Embarkation.

Article 3d.

The Mod Serene Prince engages to furnish the Recruits annually necessary for this Corps, which fludl be delivered to His Britannick Majesty’s Commissary, disciplined and completely equipped, at the Place of Embarkation, at such Time as His Majesty shall appoint.

Article 4th.

This Corps shall be provided with Two Pieces of Field Artillery, with the Gunners, and other Men, and the Train thereunto belonging.

Article 5th.

The King’s Service and the Safety of the Troops equally requiring that the Commanding Officers and Subalterns should be well skilled and perfect in the Service, l lis Moll Serene Highness will take due Care in the Choice of them.

Article 6th.

The Most Serene Prince engages to put this Corps in the belt State possible; and no Men shall be admitted Vo L.36.

therein, but such as are fit fof Cftrrtpaign Service, and so acknowledged by His Britannick Majesty’s Com* midary.

Article 7th.

This Corps shall be provided with Tents* and all the

necessary Equipage.

Article 8th.

The King grants to this Corps the ordinary and extraordinary Pay, as well as all the Advantages in Forage, Provisions, SCc. SCc. which the Royal Troops enjoy; 4nd the Molt Serene Prince engages, to permit, this Corps to enjoy all the Emoluments of Pay which His Majesty allows them. The lick and wounded of the said Corps shall be taken Care of in the King’s Hospitals" and shall be treated in this Respeid as the' Troops of His Britannick Majesty; and the wounded, not in a Condition to fen e, shall be conveyed to Europe, and be sent back into their own Country, at the King’s Expence.

Article gth.

There shall be paid to His Most Serene Highness, as Levy Money for each Foot Soldier, Thirty Crowns Banco, the Crown to be computed at Fifty-three Sols Of Holland, and valued at Four Shillings and Nine Pence Three Farthings. This Levy Money shall be paid in One Month after the Signature of the Treaty; provided always, that Thirty Crowns Banco shall be retained for each Soldier, who, without being lick, shall be deficient in the said Corps on the Day of their passing in Review before His Britannick Majesty’s Commifliiry; which ThirtyCrowns Banco shall, neverflieless, be paid as soon as the Soldiers deficient, shall afterwards join their respective Corps.

Article 10th.

If it should happen that this Corps, in the Whole or in Part, should fuller any very extraordinary Damage, whether in a Battle or a Siege, or by any uncommon contagious Distemper, or by the Loss of any Transport Vessel in the Passage to America, His Britannick Majesty shall make good, in the most equitable Manner, the Loss of the Officer or Soldier, and defray the Charge of the Recruits necessary for completing the Corps which shall have fuitained such extraordinary Damage.

Article nth.

The Moll Serene Prince reserves to himself the Nomination to the vacant Offices, as well as the Admtnil-tration of Justice. His Britannick Majesty, moreover, will cause Orders to be given to the Commander of the Army in which this Corps shall serve, not to require from this Corps any extraordinary Service, or which may exceed their Proportion with the rest of the Army. This Corps shall take the Oath of Fidelity to His Britannick Majesty, without Detriment to that which they have taken to their Sovereign.

Article 12th.

The English Pay shall commence Seven Days before this Corps of Troops began their March, which \\as the 2ill of February in the current Year; ami from the Time of their quit ting their own Country, all the Transport Charges shall be borue by His Britannick Majesty.

Article 13th.

His Britannick Majesty grants to His Most Serene Highness the Prince, while this Corps of Troops shall be in His Majesty’s Pay, to be computed from the Day of the Ratification of this Treaty, an Annual Subsidy of Twenty-two thousand Five hundred Crowns Banco; which Subsidy shall be continued for Three Month,s after the Return of the said Corps into the Dominions of His Moll Serene Highness; and the Troops shall enjoy the Pay to the End of the Month in which they shall arrive in the Territory of His Molt Serene Highness.

Article 14 th.

This Treaty shall be ratified by the high con*

11 P , trading'

Treaty

wi ll the Prince of Atilult Zcib

0

0

974

12* Matt. A. 1778.

Treaty trailing Parties, and the Ratifications thereof ilia.ll be Princeef ^^hanged as toon as possible.

AoiuH zertft. InTeftimony whereof. We, the undersigned, being furnished with the full Powers of His Britannick Majesty on the One Part, and of Hi* Most Serene Highness the Reigning Prince of Atihalt on the other Part,

have signed the present Treaty, and have affixed thereto the Seals of our Arms.

Done at Stade this 23d April 1778.

(L. S.) William Faucitt, (L. S.) Frederic de

Major General. , Colonel.

(L. S.) August. de

Colonel.

GENERAL ESTABLISHMENT of the Regiment of Infantry of His Most Serene Highness the

Prince of Anhalt %erbfi, 8Cc. fife.

STAFF.

Colonel Major 1 Chaplain 1 Auditor t Adjutant 1 Quarter Maftef

1 Surgeon Major 3 Surgeons

2 Standard Bearers 1 Armourer

1 Drum Major Provost and Servant

14 Total.

The Grenadier Company. The Colonel Commandant’s Company. One other Company.

1 Captain

X First Lieutenant

2 Second Lieutenants I Serjeant

1 Fourier

x Capitaine d’Armes

1 Appointe 6 Corporals

2 Fifers

2 Drummers 81 Grenadiers

99 Total.

1 Colonel and Captain 1 Captain Lieutenant 1 Second Lieutenant r Ensign 1 Serjeant 1 Fourier

1 Capitaine d’Armes

1 Appointe 6 Corporals

2 Drummers 81 Private

97 Total.

I Captain 1 First Lieutenant 1 Second Lieutenant 1 Ensign 1 Serjeant 1 Fourier

1 Capitaine d’Armes 1 Appointe 6 Corporals a Drummers 81 Private

97 Total.

Artillery.

Chasseurs.

2 Subalterns to Gunners

x Subaltern 12 Chasseurs

12 Total.

13 Total.

RECAPITULATION.

198 Two Companies of Grenadiers, of 99 eaoh,

97 The Colonel Commandant’s Company 291 Three other Companies 14 The Staff 13 Chasseurs 12 Artillery

625 Total of the Corps,

Ordered,

African

Trade*

Dobbin’s

Divorce.

j 8 Geo. III. ' ia° — 13 '‘Mail.

975

Ordered, That the said Copy and Translation do lie Upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of a Corps of Infantry of Trr*7 Anhalt Zerbjt, including Artillery, in the Pay of Great Britain, in the Year 1778, pursuant to Treaty. nnh.it zwwi.

And the Title of the said Eftiroate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth;

ESTIMATE of the Charge of a Corps of Infantry of Anhalt including Artillery, in the Pay of Great Britain, in the Year 1778, pursuant to Treaty.

Numbers.

P«y, *c.

A Corps of Foot, He. of Anhalt Zerbjt, from 14th February 1778 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 314 Days -Proportional Subsidy for the fame, from 23d 1778 to 24th December

following, both inclusive, being 246 Days, at the Kate of 22,500 Banco Crowns per Annum ——

Levy Money for 625 Men, at 30 Banco Crowns each Man -

Total

War Office, t2th May, 1778.

Barrington.

£. s. d.

625 9,9x0 19 of

3,648 18 7

— 4.5" 14 4*

625 18,071 12 —

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Trade to Africa;

Ordered, That the Minute Book of the Proceedings of the African Committee, from the 3d of July 1777, to the present Time, together with the several Papers Which were presented to the House, upon Friday last, by Mr. Rutherford (from the Committee of the Com* pany of Merchants trading to Africa) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. fames Luttrell. took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. James Luttrell reported from the Committee, That they had examined several Witnesses, and had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade to Africa.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

-A.

Mercurii, 130 die Matt;

Anno 18* Georgii IIIU1 Regis, 1778. Praters.

MR. Macdonald, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Vot. 36.

dissolve the Marriage of Ctotzoorthy Dobbin, Esquire, with Mary his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 38. Leave out from " of" to- the End of Line 39, and insert " February " 1778" instead thereof.

Pr. 5. 1. 7. Leave out from " of" to " nor" in Line 8, and insert " February " 1778" instead thereof.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Macdonald do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

The House being informed that Mr. Rowe, from Account; the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at Linens, the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " Amount of the Excise Duties " on printed Linens and Cottons, from Christmas 1772 "to Christmas 1777; distinguishing the Amount of " each Year."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Papier was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be pierufed by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Rome, from the Accaut*. Commissioners of the Customs jai Scotland, attended at

the

a.

Accounts;

Woollen

Goods#

Coals,

&c.

Sugar.

Exports fresh Scotland to Ireland.

Ditto.

Sail Cloth#

Wright’s

Agreement.

Exportation

from

Ireland

into

America#

976 13*

the Roor; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantities of Woollen Goods of all Sorts exported from Scotland, during the Five Years preceding C/trifimas last; diiiinguishing the different Years, and the Ports from whence the Goods have been shipped, and for what Places abroad the Entries have been made; and allb an Estimate of the Value of fitch Woollen Goods, as nearly as can be judged: And also. An Account of all the Coals', Cultn, and Cinders, exported front Scotland, during the Five Years preceding C/iriJtmaslaft; with the Amount of the Duties thereon, and the Ports from whence, and to which, these Articles have been exported: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Raw Sugar exported from Scotland into Ireland, from the Year 1774 to ift January 1778, being as far as the same can be made up, specifying the Port from which the same was exported: And also.

An Account of the Duties arising on all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from Scotland into Ireland, from the Year 1774: And also,

An Account of the Duties arising on all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported from into

Scotland, from the Year 1774: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Foreign Sail Cloth and Cordage imported into Scotland, for Ten Years preceding ill January last pall; distinguishing each Year, and the Places from whence the same have been imported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Iloule.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Frederick Stuart reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for carrying into execution an Agreement entered into by Sir James Wright, Baronet, for Sale of the Manor of Hu/borne Ta, and several Wood

Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Southampton, to Joseph Portal, Esquire, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Bejolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Frederick Stuart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Glass, in London, and in the Counties of Middlefe, Surrey, and Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill to permit the Exportation of certain Goods therein mentioned, directly from any

Plantation in America, or any Settlement on the

Coast of Africa,- and Setting forth, That the Petitioners

apprehend, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, the same would be very injurious to, if not the total Ru in of, themselves, in the Manufacture of Glass in particular, and a great Loss to the Revenue and commercial Interests of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That the House w ill permit the Petitioners to be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, in Opposition 18

Maii. A. 1778.

to the said Bill; or that such Relief may be granted to them as shall feern fit.

Ordered, That the fakl Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if' they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, aguinlt the said Petition. ' <

A Bill for the more easy and better recruiting of Recruiting II is Mujdtv’s Land Forces and Marines, was read a tnc Second Time. Lan<‘1'°rtis

Ptefolved, That the Bill be committed. c*

Befohed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Bejolved, That this House will. Tomorrow MdhiA ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do make the Report Supply Bill; from the Committee of the w hole House, to w hom the.jG,»<K,vwo* Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, was committed.

Sir Grey Cooper accordingly reported from, the Raid Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and lie read the Report in lrs Place; and afterwards delivered ihe Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and they a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question fevorally pul thereupon, w ere agreed to by the House. \

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord North reported to t lie House, That their. Dwrh

Address of Monday last (that His Majesty would be of the graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Remains E:rl of of William Fill, Earl of Chatham, be interred at the public Charge; and that a Monument he erected, in the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter's, to

the Memory of that excellent Statesman, with an Inscription expressive of the Public Sense of so great and irreparable a Loss; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the Expeuc s attending the fame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

Resolved, Nemine Con/radicenle, That an humble Ad- Ditto,

drel's be presented to His Majesty, to return Jibs Majesty the Thanks of this House, for ilis most Gracious Answer to their Address of Monday last; and to be-fecch His Majesty, that He will he graciously pleased to bellow some signal and laliing Mark of His Royal Favour ou the Family of the late William Pitt, Earl of Chatham; and to allure His Majesty. that whatever He, from His Princely Gooaneis, tliall think proper to be grunted,:this House, animated by the Gratitude which they, in common with the rest of His Majesty’s Subjects, feel towards the Memory of that upri ght and disinterested Minister, and ambitious of giving a Telli-mony of their Approbation to that public Virtue and spirited Conduc’d which directed the Councils of this Country in the halt glorious and fucccisfal War, will, with the great oil CiiOerfulness, make good to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Address he presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Molt honourable Privy Council.

The House was.moved. That the Order made AfrVnit

Y die! day, C.>uip;.,y.

18 Geo. III.

13 — 14

Mail

977

Supply.

Importation from America into Ireland*

Punishment

by

imprisonment and Hard Labour.

Yesterday, for referring the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Trade to might be

read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty*

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty between His Majesty and the Prince of Anhalt Zerbjl, concluded and signed at Stade, the 23d April 1778; and Tranfla-tion; be referred to the said Committee*

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of a, Corps of Infantry of Anhalt Zerbjl, including Artillery, in the Pay of Great Britain, in the Year 1778, pursuant to Treaty, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Grey Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Grey Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House wi|l please to, receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report he received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the further hearing of Counsel upon the Bill to permit the Importation of certain Goods from the Plantations in

America, or the British Settlements on the Coast of Afriea, into the Kingdom of , he now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Counsel against the Bill were called in.

And the Counsel for the Petition of the Gentlemen,. Tradesmen, Merchants, and Land Owners, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Manchester, ip t lie County Palatine of Lancaster, was heard, in Support of the said Petition; and One of the Counsel for the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and Manufacturers, of the County Palatine of Lancaster-, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was in Part heard.

And then the Counsel against the Bill wpr$ d hefted to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further hearing of CoupCeJ, upyn the said BUI, be further adjourned till Friday Morning-

next. , '

I *

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Moruing, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisy 14* die Mali;

Anno 18* Georgii III" Regis, 1778. Prayers.

r\R&ERED, That the Order of the Day, for the " House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to punish, by Imprisonment and Hard Labour, certain Offenders, and to establish proper Plaees for their Reception, be now readr Voi,. 36.

And the said Order being read accordingly , The.House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Popham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Popham reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, W’hen the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Popham accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had- directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s. Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Bill, with the Aritendments, be printed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Town of Northampton;and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Obstrqftions, and Annoyances, therein; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and amending an Act, made in the' Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town. of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, by Hutton HaU, over Skelton and Castle Sower byaqd

Bridge, to Chalk Beck, in the said County; and also the Road which branches and separates from the same Road upon Castle Sotoerby Pajlur?aforesaid, and l’eads front

thence through Hefcet-,otherwise Htfket-Nexcmarket, to

Caldbeck, in the said County; without any Amende ment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for applying the Sum of pour thousand Pounds, to arise out of the SurpLufes of a certain pupd, commonly called The Orphans Fund', ‘towards completing the paving of the Tovyn and Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey s without any Amendment: And nlfo.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for applying the Sum of One thousand Five hundred Pounds, to arise out of the Surpluses of a certain Fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, for the Purpose of widening certain Avenues, leading into’ Goodmans Fields, in the County of without

any Amendment: And'also.

The Lords, have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for applying the Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, to ai;ife out of the Surplufes of a certain Fund, commonly called Ti^e Orphqns Fund, for the Purpose of

making a Faflagp for Carriages, from to

Bishopsgate Street, in the County of with-

out any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for applying the Sum of One thousand Pounds, tQ arise out of the Surplufes of a certain Fund, commonly called The, Orphans Fund, for the Purpose of opening Communications between and

Ratcliff Highway, and between Old Gravel L,on( and Virginia Street, within the Parishes of 'Saint George a^d Saint Joint of Wapping, in the County of Mifdlesex; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords, have agreed to the Hill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open apd Common Fields, Common MeadoWs, Common PafiprjpSj Coni-, mon Ground, and Waste Grounds, within the Manors or iLordftiips of Roujlench and Radford, in the Parish of

11 Q

Nortfinmpton Paving.

Penritk

Sootbjwk'

Paving.

Gbodrrmit

W* . i

Street

Spltalfield*

to

Bidiopfgate new Street.

Wapping

Streets.

Roudencfc

and

ffob'ench

inclosare.

978 14° Mail. A. 1778.

Brampton

Bridge.

&c.

Roads.

Middlesex Sel&ou House*

Wootton

Inclosure.

Dapdon

Wharf,

&c.

toad.

Dobbin's

Divorce.

Roufench, in the county of ; without any

Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Town of Northampton to Chain Bridge, near the Town of Market Harborough, and from The Direction Post in Kingsthorpe, in the County of Northampton, to Wei ford Bridge, in the said County; and for repealing several Acts, made in the Eighth Year of King George the First, and the Twelfth and Twenty-third Years of his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for authorizing the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, to fell the present Session House for the said County, and for enabling them to build another Section House in a more convenient Situation, and to keep the same in Repair; and for applying the Sum of Eleven Thousand Pounds, to be borrowed upon the Credit of the Surplufes of a certain Fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, towards defraying the Expence of building the said Section House; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and-other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish and liberties of Wootton, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Dapdon Wharf, in the Parish of Stoke next Guldeford, through to

Andreio's Cross, and to A fid Bars, in the County of

Surrey, and from thence to Saint Mary’s Gate, in Arundel, in the County of Sussex , without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made, by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Clotworthy Dobbin, Esquire, with Mary his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

4‘ Duties to arise by virtue of the said Act, towards " defraying the Expences of defending, protecting, " and securing, the said Colonies and Plantations; for " explaining an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and " EaflandTraAes, and for the better securing the Plan-

" tation Trade and for altering and disallowing several Drawbacks on Exports from this Kingdom, and " more effectually preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Goods to and from the said Colonies and " Plantatioas, and improving and securing the Trade " between the same and Great ," might be

read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn, ing, resolve itself into fL Committee of the whole House, to c.nfider of so rnpch of the said Act, as relates to the preventing the Clandestine Conveyance of Sugar and Paneles from the British Colonies and Plantations in America into Great Britain.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, the Laws relating to the railing and training of the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed;

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Recruiting Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House _ to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

*'*^orce*’ upon the Bill for the more easy and better recruiting of His. Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

‘ Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Sugar, *c. The House was moved. That an Act, made in the brought from pourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in-enca’ tituled, " An Act for granting certain Duties in the " British Colonies and Plantations in America; for continning, amending, and making perpetual, an Act, " passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for the better securing and encouraging the Trade " of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in Americafor " applying the Produce of such Duties, and of the

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade to Africa;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa do lay before this House, Copies of Two Letters from Thomas Wefgate, Esquire, One of them to the said Committee, dated Annamaboe Fort, 16th September 1777; other, from Thomas Wefgate, Esquire, to Richard Miles, Esquire, dated Annamaboe Fort, 12th September 1777; with a Letter from Richard Af&Sy- Esquire, dated Fort,

10th October 17771 to the said Committee.

The House was moved, That an Act, ihade in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the " further preventing the Grow th of Popery," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, Nemime Contradicente, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for relieving His Majesty’s Roman Catholic Subjectsfrom certain Penalties and Disabilities imposed on them by the said Act: And that Sir George Savile, Mr. Dunning, the Lor^ Beauchamp, Mr. Serjeant

Militia

Training#

Supply Bilf;

nilir-g £, 1,000,000*

African

Trade.

Dittos

Roman

Catholicf

Disabilities.

Far! of Chatham.

Supply.

18 Geo. III. 14* — 15* Matt. 979

jeant Adair, Mr. Howard, Mr. Attorney General, the be pleased to give such Directions Mis Majesty should

Lord Advocate of Scotland, Lord John Cavendish, and think proper, that the said Sum be applied towards the Mr. Morton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Repair and Maintenance of the said Forts and Settled

ments, and not to the Discharge of any Debts alleged The Lord North reported to the ttoufe, That their to have been incurred on that Account before the 31st AddressofYefterday (to return His Majesty the Thanks Day of December 1776; and to assure His Majesty,

of this House, for His most gracious Anl'wer to their Address of Monday last; and to beseech His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to bellow some fig-nal and lading Mark of His Royal Favour on the Family of the late William Pitt, Earl of Chatham; and to allure His Majesty, that whatever He, from His Princely Goodness, shall think proper to be granted, this House, animated by the Gratitude which they, in common with the rest of His Majesty’s Subjects, feel towards the Memory of that upright and disinterested Minister, and ambitious of giving a Testimony of their Approbation to that public Virtue and spirited Conduct which directed the Councils of this Country in the last glorious and fuccelsful War, will, with the greatest Cheerfulness, make good to his Majesty) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty

that this House will make good the lame) might be read.

And the same being read accordingly $

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by adding at the End thereof these Words, " to be applied towards the Repair and Maintenance of " the said Forts and Settlements, and not to the Discharge of any Debts alleged to have been incurred " on that Account before the 31st Day of her 1777.’'

And the Question being put, That those Words be there added;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved'* That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Pounds, be granted to

had been graciously pleased to say, that He will take His Majesty, to be employed in repairing, maintaining, r- — r'~~iliJ — and supporting, the British Forts and Settlements on

the Coail of Africa, to be applied towards the Repair and Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, and not to the Discharge of any Debts alleged to have been incurred on that Account before the 31st Day of 'De-Sir Grey Cooper, according to Order, reported from cember x 777. the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was

the same into His Consideration, and that he will do therein what shall appear to His Majesty to be moil proper, agreeably to the Deiire of His faithful Commons.

Referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read j and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eighteen thousand and Seventy-one Pounds and Twelve Shillings, be granted to H is Majesty, for defraying the Charge of a Corps of Infantry of Anhalt Zerbft, including Artillery, in the Pay of Great Britain, in the Year 1778, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Pounds,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vinerts, 150;

Anno 18* Georgii III1'* Regis, 1778.

Prayers.

AM ESS AGE, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in repairing, Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several maintaining, and supporting, the British Forts and Set- Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the implements on the Coail of Afrtca mediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the

The First Resolution of the Committee, being read House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

The House was moved, That the Resolutions, which, upon the 30th Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament, were reported from the Committee of the whole I louse, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Return from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations to the Honourable House of Commons, in consequence of the Address of the said House to His Majesty, of the 29th Day of January 1777, relating to the general State of the Trade to Africa, the Condition of the Forts and Settlements there belonging to the African Company, and in what Manner the several Sums of Money, granted by Parliament for maintaining and supporting the fame, have been applied, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 5th Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament, of the Address of this House to His Majesty (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of £. 13,000 to be issued and employed, in repairing, maintaining, and supporting, the British Forts 'and Settlements on the Coail of Africa; and that His Majesty would, at the same Time, Vox. 36.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

Aid being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Define of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Afient to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Bri-.lain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare a»S notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Privy Seal, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight.

An Act to repeal such Part of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the Manner of discharging Bonds . given for the due Exportation of certain Goods from Great Britain to Foreign Parts; and to extend such Part of the same Act, as obliges the Mailer of British or

Irish

Royal

Assent

to

BilU,

980 15 . 1778*

Royal Assent ftish Ships, Tailing from any of His Majesty’s Domi* gar (Met, Fosdyke, Kir ton, Hubert on, and

to Bills, nions into The Baltic, to deliver a Mtmifeft of their Brother toft, within the Hundred and County

Cargoes to the British Consul residing the re, to the of Lincoln:

like Vessels failing into Denmark, Norway, and Arch- An Act for building a Stone Bridge across the River angel: "Tyne, opposite the Town of Hexham, in the County of

An Act to indemnify fitch Persons as have omitted Northumberland, and for making proper Roads and to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, Avenues to and from the same:

and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in who have omitted to register or deliver iu their Quali- the County of Stirling: ’

ficatiotis within the Time limited by Law, and for An Act to enable Hector Esquire, to build

giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indem- and maintain a Harbour and Pier at the Town of tidy Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and horn, in the County of Elgin and Forres Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted An Act for paving the High Street or Road leading to be damped, according to Law, or, having beefl from Bars, in the Poriili of Saint

stampod, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing without Aldersgate, London, to the Turnpike near the them Time to provide Admissions duly damped; and End of Street, in the County of Middlesex; and

ta give stirtbef Time'to such Persons as have (Knitted for applying the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, to be to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of In* raised upon the Credit of the Surplufesto arise out of a dentures of Clerks to Attornies hnd Solicitors: certain Fund, commonly called The Orphans , for

An Act to continue the several Laws therein- such Purpose: mentioned, relating to the Allowance upon the Ex* An Act for empowering the Mayor, Aldermen^ portation of Btitijk-mst&e Gunpowder; to the further and Commons, of the City of London, in Common encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, Counoil assembled, to make a Street or Opening, and to the Duties payable on foreign Sail Cloth; from Momfefds, opposite Chiswell Street, towards the to the granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Kaft, into Street-, and also from the East

Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of His Ma» End of Chiswell Street, Westward', into Barbican; and jesty’s Sugar Colonies, directly to foreign Parts, in to raise upon the Credit of the Surplufes to arise out Ships built, in Great Britain, and uavigated according of a certain Fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, to Law; to the further Punishment of Persons going the Sum of Sixteen thousand Five hundred Pounds, armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs for finch Purpose t

Pt Exejfe; to the prohibiting the Importation of light An Act for making a navigable Canal from thC Silver Coin of this Realm, from foreign . Countries, Town of Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton, into Great Britain or Ireland, and to restrain the to communicate with the River Wey, in the Parish of Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum» to the grant in the County of Surrey, and to the South

ing a Bounty upon Flax Seed imported into Ireland; -East Side of the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Tur-to the better regulating of Pilpts for the eondufting gifs, in the said County of Southampton: of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and Isle of An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and Tlianet; and to revive and continue so much of an Act, watching, the Streets and Lanes within the Town made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s of Dover, in the County of Kent, and in the several Reign, as relates to allowing the Exportation of cer- Parishes of Saint Mary the Virgin, and fames

tain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His the Apostle, in the said Town and County; and for Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America: removing and preventing Nudances and Annoyances

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of therein:

Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of An Act for paving and repairing the Streets, Lanes, Protestant Purchasers: and other public Passages and Places, within such Part

An Act to amend such Part of an Act, made of the Liberty of Norton Falgale, in the County of in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Eliza- Middlesex, as is extra-parochial, and certain Parts of beth, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of the Poor," Magpie Alley and Blojfom Street, in the Parish of Saint as relates to the binding of Parish Apprentices: Leonard, Shoreditch, in the said County; and for re-

An Act to enable the Corporation of Trinity moving Obstructions and Annoyances therein:

House of Deptford Strond, to establish and maintain a An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-Light House on the Rocks called The Smalls, in Saint sixth Year of King George the Second, more ef-George's Channel: feftually to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of

An Act for building a Bridge across the River Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, to purchase, Taivey, at a Place called The Wick Tree, in the Parish hire; or erect, a Workhouse, for the employing ana of IJanfcmlett, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of maintaining the Poor of the said Parish; and for the LLangevelach, in the County of Glamorgan; for making more effoftual Support and Employment of the Poor proper Avenues or Roads to and from the said Bridge; therein* 1

and also for repairing and widening the Road from An Act for applying the Sum of One thonfimd Five Pentre Brook, 'near a Place called Aberdxoyberthy, in hundred Pounds, to arise' out of the Surplufes of a the Parish of Saint John's, near Swansea, to the said in- certain Fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, for fended Bridge: the Purpose ofwidening certain Avenues leading inty

An Act for empowering the Mayor, Aldermen, Goodmans Fields, in the County:

and Commons* of the City of London, in Common An Act for applying the Sum of Nine thousand Council assembled, to raise, upon the Credit of the Pounds, to arise out of the Surplufes of a certain Surplufes to arise out of a certain Fund, commonly Fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, for the Pur-called The Orphans Fund, the Sum of Forty thousand pose of making a Passage for Carriages from Spitalfields Pounds, towards discharging the Debt incurred in re- to Bishopsgate Street, in the county of :

budding the Gaol" of Nezogate, and a Sessions House An Act for applying the Sum of One thousand adjoining, and for completing the said Gaol, and Pounds, toarife out of the Surplufes of 3 certain Fum^, building an Infirmary thereto; and other the Purposes commonly called The Oi'phans Fund, for the Purposo therein mentioned. of opening Communications between

An Act to repeal an. Act, passed in the last Seffioq and Ratcliff Highway, and between Gravel Lane -of Parliament, for the Recovery of Small Debts with- and Virginia Street, within the Parish es of Georg?

in the several Parishes of Surfleet, Gosberton, Quadring, and Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middle-

Donnington, Bicker, Sioine/headfWigtoft, Sutter ton, A I-sex: - -

' An

£8 Geo. III.

15

Maii.

98 x

An Act for applying the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, to arise out of the Surpluses of a certain Fund, commonly called the Orphans Fund, towards compleating the Paving of the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey:

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Town of Northampton and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein:

An Act for authorizing the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, to fell the present Session House for the said County, and for enabling them to build another Session Housein a more convenient Situation, and to keep the same in Repair; and for applying the Sum of Eleven thousand Pounds (to be borrowed upon the Credit of the Surplnfes of a certain Fund, commonly called the Orphans Fund) towards defraying the Expence of building the said Session House:

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Part of the Road (directed to be repaired by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, from Carlisle to Netvcq/lleupon Tyne) near to

another Part of the Road (so making from Carlisle to Newcastle) upon Shildon Common, in the County of Cumberland, and for making more effectual Provision for the Repair of the said Road:

An Act for altering, repairing, and widening, the Road from Summer Rods Bar, near the Town of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town o iAlflon, in the County of Cumberland:

An Act to impower the Trustees for amending the Road from Uttoreler to Nezccastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford, to repair and widen the Road branching out of the said Road at Lower Lane, to the Turnpike Road on Ilem Heath, in the same County: An Act for continuing and amending an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, by Hall,

over Skelton and Caft/e Sowerby , and Sebraham

Bridge, to Chalk Beck, in the said County; and also the Road which branches and separates from the faifte Road upon Cajile Sowerby Pasture aforesaid, and leads from thence through IIejket, otherwise ket, to Caldbeck, in the said County:

An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Town of Northampton to Chain Bridge, near the Town of Market Harborough, and from the Direction Post in Kingsthorpe, in the County of Northampton, to Welford Bridge, in the said County; and for repealing several Acts made in the Eighth Year of King George the First, and the Twelfth and Twenty-third Years of his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Dapdon Wharf, in the Parish of Stoke next through

Guldeford, to Andrew's Cross, and to A (fold Bars, in the County of Surrey, and from thence to Saint Mary's Gate, in Arundel, in the County of Sussex:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir Robert Sutton, deceased, in the County of Lincoln, in Sir Richard Sutton, Baronet, in Fee Simple; and for veiling certain Lands of the said Sir Richard , in r Eajthorpe, in the County of Nottingham, in the Arch-bishop of York and his Successors, in Fee Simple, in Exchange for the Mansion House, Park, and Lands, of the said Sir Richard Sutton, called Norwood Park and Hall Meadow, in the said County of Nottingham, now held by the said Sir Richard Sutton upon Lease for Lives; and for veiling the fame, together with other Vot. 36.

Lands of the said Sir Richard Sutton, in the County of Royal Assent Nottingham, in lieu of the said settled Estates: 13 Kife.

An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement entered into by Sir James Wright, Baronet, lor Sale of the Manor of Hujbome Tarrant, and several Wood Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Southampton, to Joseph Portal, Esquire; and for laying out the Money arising b% such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act to enable the Reverend Richard,

and the Receiver for the Time being of the Estates of Arthur Champemaume, Esquire, an Infant, to grant Leases and Setts of the same Estates, during his Minority:

An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Anthony Deane, the Younger, Esquire, in the County of ter, in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, together with other Monies therein mentioned, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof to the several Uses therein expressed:

An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Henry Martin, Gentleman, and Elizabeth his Wife, in Elton, in the County of Huntingdon, in Trustees to be exchanged, or to be sold, and the Money laid out in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments,- to 'be settled to the same Uses: .*

An Act to authorize 9ir Lawrence Dundas, Baronet, and the several other Persons therein named, to mfert' in a Deed of Disposition; and Conveyance of Lands and Hereditaments in Scotland, agreed to be settled by Articles made previous to the Marriage of Thomas Dundas, Esquire, with Lady Charlotte hie Wife, the like Pbwer of Exchange as is contained ht the Settlement made previous to the said Marriage of certain Estates of the said Sir Lawrence Dundas, in England:

> An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to fell such Parts and Portions of the entailed Estates of Shawfield, and others, in the Counties of Lanark and Argyle, belonging to Walter Campbell, of Shawfeld, Esquire, as lhaft be sufficient for

Payment of the Debts affecting the fame:

An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Thomas Bennett the Younger, and Elizabeth his Wife, in Trustees, to be conveyed in Exchange for other Estates of greater Value, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open aftd Common Fields, in the Manor and Parjlh of Or alley, in the County of Southampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Townships of Otley and Newall with Clifton in the West Riding of the County of York: *

An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common Moor or Tract of Waste Ground called Fourfiones Common, within the Barony or Manor of Langley, and in the Parish of War den j in the County of Northumberland:

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and preserving. a certain Common* or Parcel of Walle Grouna or Marsh, called SaltneyMarsh, within the Manor and Parish of Hawarden, in the County of Flint; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Township of 01-lerton, in the Parish of Edioinjlow, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Bolfterfene, in the Parish of Ecclesfkld, in the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Hills, Downs, Pastures, and Commonable Lands, within the Parhh of Naunton, in the County of Gloucester:

11 R An

£Le

Royal

Assent

to

Billi.

Rye Way &c. Road«.

982 150 Mail 1778.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields and Commons, within the Manor of in the Parishes of Bolsover and in the County of Derby:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Meadow, Carr, Common, and Waste Ground, within the Towniliip of Dinn, in the Parishes of Saint Leonard and Saint John, in the jCounty of York: An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of , in the County of Bedford; and for exonerating certain ancient Inclosures, within the said Manor and Parish, from the Payment of Tythes:

An Act for dividing, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Common Fen, Cow Pasture, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Rujkington, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Northowram, in the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Heath and Waste Grounds, of and within the Parish of Maidford, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Wootion, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Ground, and Waste Grounds, within the Manors or Lordships of Roujlench and Radford, in the Parish of Roujlench, in the county of :

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir Patrick Blake, Baronet, with Dame Annabella Blake, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: ., .

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Darby, Clerk, with Mary his; Wife, and to enable him to marry again;, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Degen, with Catharine Furlong, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act to diffol ve the Marriage of Clotworthy Dobbin, Esquire, with Mary his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enable Edmund Hartopp (lately called. Edmund BunneyJ Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body by Ann his Wife, -to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms of Hartopp:

An Act for naturalizing Court Henry An Act for naturalizing Befnard.

- A Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, repairing, and widening, the Roads " leading from the Rye Way, in the Parish of " in the County of Hereford, to Prefeigne, in the ", County of Radnor, and from thence t " and from Pres eigne aforesaid to the Top of Trap " Hill, and from the Rye Way aforesaid, by the " Maidenhead, to Woofer ton, in the County of Sa~

" lop," and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads branching out of the Roads comprized in the said Act, was read a Second Time.

'.Rejoiced, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Oliver, Mr. Alderman Harley, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at-Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Sugar, fcc. House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole *}r"ught.from House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in menca* the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting certain Duties in the " British Colonies and Plantations in America-, for continuing, amending, and making perpetual, an Act, pass-" ed in the SixthY ear of the Reign of his late Majesty King " George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better " securing and encouraging the Trade of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America;" for applying the " Produce of such Duties, and of the Duties to arise " by virtue of the said Act, towards defraying the " Expences of defending, protesting, and securing, the " said Colonies and Plantations; for explaining an " Act, made in the Twentyrfifth Year of the Reign " of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for " the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland " Trade, and for the better securing the Plantation " Trades;" and for altering and disallowing several " Drawbacks on Exports from this Kingdom, and " more effectually preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Goods to and from the said Colonies and " Plantations, and improving and securing the Trade " between the same and Great Br," as relates to the preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Sugar and Paneles, from the British Colonies and Plantations iu America, into Great Britain}be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Herbert Mackworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Herbert Mackworth reported from the Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Si r Herbert Mackworth accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Sugar and Paneles, from the British Colonies and Plantations in America, into Great Britain.

And Sir Herbert Mackworth moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Sugar and Paneles, from the British Colonies and Plantations in America, into Great Britain: And that Sir Herbert Mackworth, and Mr. Alderman Oliver do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Mantagu and Mr. Leeds.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act concerning certain Estates heretofore of Francis Keck,

Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Oxford and I Tilts,

(that is to say) for veiling such Part thereof which hath been fold under a Decree and l'ubsequent Order of the Court of Chancery, in Trustees, to enable them to convey the fame; and for carrying into Execution an Agreement concerning other Parts of such Estates; and for confirming and carrying into Execution a Partition made, pursuant to the said Decree and l’ubsequent Order, of so much of the said Estates as remain unfold; and for veiling Part of such Estates in Diana Mary Barker, and her Heirs, subject to the Trulls in the Will of Francis Baber, Esquire, deceased, and the

llelidue

o

Recruiting

the

Land Forces, &c*

Trustees

under

Turnpike

Atf*.

lumball’s

Name.

Supply Bill; S in king Fund

Forfeited

Effete*

in

Ireland.

18 Geo. III. 150 — 18

Residue in Trustees, to be sold, and for directing the Application of the Money which shall arise by such Sale; and for other Purposes thereinmentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more easy and better recruiting of His' Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling Trustees under particular Turnpike Acts, to meet and carry such Acts into execution notwithstanding the y may not have met or adjourned agreeable to the Directions of such Acts; and for preventing Disputes touching the Payment of Tolls for Horses or Carriages belonging to or employed by Officers or Soldiers on Duty, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable James Rumball ',now called James Quitter, his First and other Sons, and his Younger Brothers, and their First and other Sons, and their Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Coat Armour, of Quitter, in pursuance of the Will of James Quitter, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second Time.

’ Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whit-

worth, Mr. Cenolly, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned; for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight; and for carrying to the Aggregate Fund a Sum of Money, which hath arisen by the Two-sevenths Excise: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of the Protestant Purchasers of " the forfeited Estates in Ireland," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That Leave be given to.bring in a Bill, for repealing certain Provisions in the said Act: And that Lord Richard Mr.

Conolly, the Earl Nugent, and the Lord Beauchamp, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vol. 36. 0

Mali, 5)83

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for relieving His Majesty’s Roman Catholic Subjects from certain Penalties and Disabilities imposed on them by an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the further preventing " the Growth of PoperyAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill to permit the Importation of certain Goods from the British Plantations in America, or the Br/Zi/ftSettlementson the

Coast of Africa, into the Kingdom of Ireland.

And the House being informed that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door, with several Accounts relating to the Trade of Ireland; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Duties arising on all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from that Part of Great Britain called England into Ireland, from Christmas 1774 to Chr if mas 1777: And also.

An Account of the Duties arising on all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported from Ireland into that Part of G re at Britain called England, from Chrifmas 1774, to Chrifmas 1777; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Then the Counsel against the said Bill were called in, and further heard, in Support of the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and Manufacturers, of the County Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

And then they were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Bill be committed;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Sevennight, the 25 th Day of this instant May.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas Yonge,

1 ellers for the \ eas, J Mf

The Lord Newhaven was appointed One of the Tellers for the Noes; but no other Member remaining in the House to be a Second Teller for the Noes, the Yeas returned into the House; and Mr. Speaker declared the Yeas had it.

So the Question was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 18° die Maii;

Anno 18* Georgii IIP*1 Regis, 1778. Prayers.

MR. Howard reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands,

Tenements,

Importation

from

America

into

Ireland.

Blackwood9*

Estates.

984 18° Matt.

Bri Jges’ E dates.

Trustees

under

Turnpike

Acts.

Recruiting

the

Land Forces, 4c c.

Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Cray- That the Bill db pass: And that the Title

Jord, in the County of Kent, comprized in the Mar- be, An Act for the more easy and better recruiting of riage Settlement of Shovel Blackwood and Sarah his His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines.

Wife, in Trustees, to the several Uses within men- Ordered, That the Lord Barrington do carry tioned; and also for vetting certain other Messuages, the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concur-Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes rence. of Norborn, Betjhanger, Ham, Sholdon, and Poultons, in

the said County of Kent, culled Poulton Farm, and A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum West Street, and Park Gate Farm, intailed upon the of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying Issue Male of the said Shovel Blackwood, in other certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of

Trustees, to the several /Uses within mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Howard do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Chesterreported from the Committee, to whom

.the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in the County of Surrey, settled in and by the Will of Thomas Bridges, Esquire, deceased, to be sold and conveyed pursuant to Articles, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Lands and Tenements, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee bad directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Cliefter do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling Trustees under particular Turnpike Acts, to meet and carry such Acts into execution, notwithstanding the y may not have met or adjourned agreeable to the Directions of such Acts; and for preventing Disputes touching the Payment: of Tolls for Host’es or Carriages belonging to or employed by Officers or Soldiers on Duty, was read the Third Time.

Rejbhed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling Trustees under particular Turnpike Acts, to meet and carry such Acts into execution, notwithstanding the y may not have met or adjourned agreeable to the Directions of such Acts; and for preventing Disputes touching the Payment of Tolls for Horses or Carriages belonging to or employed by Officers or Soldiers on Duty.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the more easy and better recruiting of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. 1. 18. To leave out " that."

Pr. 24.1. 17. To leave out " that."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

15

the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight; and for carrying to the Aggregate Fund a Sum of Money, which hath arisen by the Two-seventh* Excise, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee t>f the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Alderman Oliver prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend so much of an A^t, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Sugar and Pa-neles, from the British Colonies and Plantations in America, into Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to permit the Exportation of certain Goods, therein mentioned, directly from Ireland, into any Britjfi Plantation in America, or any Bri-tifi Settlement on the Coast of Africa, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly;

And the House being informed that the several Persons who petitioned this House, upon the 5th, 6th, and 13th, Days of this Instant May, praying to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill; and which Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time, declined being heard by their Counsel upon the Second Reading of the said Bill;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

' The House was moved. That an Act made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act for the Encouragement oi the " Fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and " the British Dominions in Europe; and for securing " the Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others, " employed in the said Fisheries, to the Ports thereof, at the End of the Fishingv Season," might W read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Euoouragement of the Whale. Fishery carried on from Great Britain and Ireland, and the British Dominions in i( Europe, and for regulating the Fees to be taken by " the Officers of the Customs in the llland of " foundland," might be read.

And the feme being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause^fttr allowing Bounties for any Ship or Vessel fitted out

c from.

Supply Bill;

Sinking

Fucd.

Sugir, &c. bren^'lu from AtfKikft.

Exportation to America from 11 eland.

Roman

Catholics*

DiLibilicics.

Forfeirrd

Fflaies

in

Ireland*

Papers fdjptcting the T oulon Fleet.

African

Trade*

Militia

Training.

i8 Geo. III. i8° — 19® Mail. 985

from, and being the Property of, any of His Majesty’s Subjects refid ifig in Great Britain or Ireland, for the Whale Fishery, although the whole and entire Pro* perty of such Ship or Vessel shall not belong to some of His Majesty’s Subjects residing in that Part of His Majesty’s Dominions from whence such Ship or Vessel shall be respectively fitted and cleared oat.

Ordered, That it be an Inftrnftion to the said Com* toittee. That they have Power to receive a Clause, directing that alt Ships and Vessels built in Ireland, and owned by His Majesty’s Subjects residing in any Part of the British Dominions in Euro/#, shall be deemed British-built, and shall be entitled to the like Privileges as Ships built in Great Britain; and that all Ships and Vessels belonging to any of His Majesty’s Subjects refuting in Ireland, and not Br shall be entitled to the same Privileges and Advantages, in all Parts of His Majesty’s Dominions, as Ships belonging to His Majesty’s Subjects residing in Great Britain, and not British or /rj/A-buitt, are entitled to.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bitt for relieving His Majesty’s Roman Catholic Subjects from certain Penalties and Disabilities imposed on them by an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further preventing " the Growth of Popery," be now read.

And tin? said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

to the railing and training of die Militia, within that Part of Great Britain called England, was re-committed.

Mr. Speaker left the Cfaalr.

Mr. Hartley tbok the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hartley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several ether Amendments thereunto; which they had directad him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received

Mr. Hartley accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee bad made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to, report to the House; and he read the Report in his "Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with, the Amendments, in at the Cleric’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the fiud Bill, with the Amendments, feeprmtedjas shall be sufficient for the life of the Members «f the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill to permit the Importation Imperwlga of Cotton Yarn, the Manufacture of into this c of Y

Kingdom, Dutyfree, be read a Second Time upon ° Friday Moruing next.

Ordered, That the Bill to permit the Exportation of Gl«»* Glass, manufactured in Ireland, from thence to any manu^Qure< Place whatsoever, except Great 1, be read a Se- iidiad. cond Time upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning* Ten of the Clock.

' ' Lord Richard Canendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing certain Provisions in an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne intituled, *An Act " for the Relief of the Protestant Purchasers of the " forfeited Estates in Ireland:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord North presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

A Paper, intituled, Extract and Substance of several Letters and Papers received by His Majesty’s " Principal Secretaries of State for Foreign Affairs, in relation to the Equipment of the French Fleet lately failed from ToulonAnd also,

A Paj>er, intituled, " Extracts of Intelligence re-" ceived by the Commissioners for executing the Office " of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, &c. in refetion to the French Fleet lately failed from Toulon"

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are prefeeved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade to Africa, be now

read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, the Laws relating

VOL. 36.

Martisy 19° die Maii;

Anno 18’ Georgii III"’Regis, *778.

Praters.

THE House being informed that Mr, Rutherford, African from the Committee of the Company of Men- Tain. chants trading to Africa, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented la the Hoise, pursuant to their Order,

Letter from Richard Miles, Esquire, to the Committee of Merchants trading to Africa, dated Cape Ooafi CajUe, 10th O&oher 1777.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Letter was read.

Ordered, That the said Letter be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Trade to Africa.

The said Letter is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A KB for repealing certain Provisions in an Act, Forfeited made in the First Year of the Reign of her late Ma-.jesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Relief " of the Protestant Purchasers of the forfeited Estates.

in Ireland," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An Ingrossed BiH from the Lords, intituled, An Act Kccfen Concerning certain Estates, heretofore of Francis Keck, Estates*

II S Esquire,

986 19° MA. 1778.

Esquire, d£ceased, in the Counties of Oxford and {that is to -fay) for veiling such Part thereof which hath been fold under a Decree and subsequent Order of the Court of Chancery, in Trustees, to enable them to convey the fame; and for carrying into execution an Agreement concerning otiter Parts of such Estates; fend for confirming and carrying into execution a Partition made, pursuant to the said Decree and subse-vpient Order, of so much of the said Estates as remain unfold; and for veiling Pact of lbcli Estates in Diana Mary Barker, and her Heirs, subject to the Trulls in the Will of Francis Baber, Esquire, deceased, and the Residue in Trustees, to be sold; and for directing the Application of the Money which shall arise by such Sale; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

worth, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the'Hud Committee have Leave to fit, and proceed upon the said Bill, Tomorrow Morning.

Sagar, A Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, . made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the preventing the clandestine America/; Conveyance of Sugar and Paneles, from the British Colonies and Plantations in into Great Britain, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

I Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into- a Committee of the- whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to F jrefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Fund. ypon Bin for granting to' His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight; and for carrying to the Aggregate Fund a Sum of Money, which hath arisen by the Two-sevenths Excise;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Con>

— ' mittee, that they have Power tp receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That so much of His Majesty’s moll Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 15th Day of November 1763, as relates to the Money arising from the Sale of Prizes vested in the Crown, -and to the Sums whiah should arise by the Sale of the ceded Islands,. being applied to the Public Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then! the House resolved itself into the said. Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

I. SiriGrey Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

‘ Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Grey Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Roman Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House *° resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, DisabilitJM. upon the Bill for relieving His Majesty’s Roman Catholic Subjects from certain Penalties and Disabilities im-

posed on them by an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the I hird, intituled, "An Act for the further preventing the " Growth of Popery," he now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker fest the Cliair.

Sir George Savile took the Chair of the Committee.

- Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Persons convicted of Felonies, or Mifde-meadours, and now under Sentence of imprisonment, in the Gaols of Newgate, New Prjbn, well, and To thilfields Bridewell, specifying the Age, the Crime, the Time when, the Term for which, and the Court by which, each Person has-been imprisonedj together With an Account of the Allowance made. for the Maintenance of such Persons,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the total Quantities of Foreign Linens imported into Great Britain, from Christmas 1775 to Christmas 1777.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the total Quantities of Foreign Linens exported from Great Britain, shewing the Drawbacks paid on each Species, from 5th January 1776 to 5th January 1778.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the total Quantities of British and Linens exported from Great Britain, shewing the Bounties paid on each Species, from 5th January 1776 to 5U1 January 1778.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of British and Irish Linens exported without Bounty, from 5th January 1776 to 5th January 1778.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Irish Linens imported into England, from Christmas 1775 to Christmas 1777, with the Values thereof.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Flax, Hemp, Flax Seed, and Linen Yarn, imported into Great Britain, from nias 1775 to Christmas 1777, and the Values thereof.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Flax, Hemp, Flax Seed, and Linen Yarn, exported from Great Britain, from Christmas 17 75 to Christmas 1777.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the total Quantities of British Hard Ware exported, distinguisi dng from what Ports and to what Places, and the Values thereof, from 1775 to

Christmas 1777.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit the Exportation of certain Goods, therein mentioned, directly from Ireland, into any British Plantation in America, or any British Settlement on the Coast of

Mr. Speaker left, the Chair.

The

Account Felon* under Sentence of

Imprisoameot.

Account*!

Until*.

Ditto.

Ditto

Ditto*

Ditto*

Flax* ice.

Ditto.

Hard Ware.

Exportation

from

Ireland

to

AmciicH

18 Geo. III.

Q O

19 — 20

Maii.

The Lord Midleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Midleton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

S&7>

N.

Mercurii,. 20* die; t

Anno 18* Georgii IIP* Regis, 177$. ' 1

Papers from the Adminitjr*

Prayers.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday That Mr. Speaker do issue hifr Warrant

Morning next. to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ

Leftwithkl

Writ.

'ftpen

respe&iag

the

Toulon

Fleet.

Exportation

from

Inland

to

America.

Lord 'GeorgeGermain presented to the Houfip, pursuant to their Order,

Extract of a Letter from Lord George Germain to the Lords of the Admiralty, dated 1 ith February 1778: And also.

Extra# of a Letter from Lord George Germain to the Lords of the Admiralty, dated Whitehall, 46th February 1778.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Sir William Meredith have Leave to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the several Papers, which were Yes-

for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Thomas Potter, Esquire, who, since his Election for the (hid Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of His Majesty’s Justices for the Counties of Carnarvon, Merioneth, and Anglesea, within the Principality of Wales.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Hett: . 1

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, Intituled,' An Act to continue an A#, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to authorize, " for a limited Time, the Punishment, by Hard Labour, of Offenders, who, for certain Crimes, are' or " shall become liable to be transported to any of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantationswithout any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, Intituled, An Act

Punishment

by

TransportaCioD and . HardLabouh

terday presented to the House by the Lord North, re- for widening and improving a certain Avehue called lative to the French Fleet lately failed from Toulon, be Dirty and Part of Brick Lane, leading from

taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next. to in the County of Middlesex;

and for paving Dirty Lane, and aHo the East Side of Ordered, That Sir Thomas Egerton have Leave to Petticoat Lane, from Whitechapel High Street to Went-make a Motion. worth Street, the said Avenue called Wentzoorth Street,

And he moved the House accordingly. from thence in one continued Line through" Old Mon-

Ordered, That the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Mer- togue Street, Chapel Street, and Prince's Row, to Baker's chants, and Manufacturers, of the Town and Neigh- Row, inclusive, and the ^several Streets and Passages bourhood of Manchester, in the County Palatine of leading, into the fame; and for removing all Obstruc-Lancaster; and also the Gentlemen^ Clergy, Land tions and Encroachment^ therefrom, and preventing

Dirty Lane, in

Whitechapel,

Paving.

Owners, Manufacturers, and Calico Prioters, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and also the several Manufacturers of Sail Cloth, in and near the Towns of

the like for the future; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for erecting a Building for holding the Courts, and

Wethninfler Court House.

rington, Lane after, Preston, Kirkham, Liverpool, Pres- exercising the Jurisdiction, of the Dean and Chapter cot, Farnworth, Wigan, and Ulverftone, in the County of the Collegiate Church of Peter in Westminster,

of Lancaster; and also the Mayor, Bail ifls, and Common within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and for Council, of the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool; holding the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and trans-and also the Gentlemen, Merchants, Mariners, Traders, acting the other public Business of the said City and and Manufacturers, of Liverpool; and also the Mer- Liberty; and for appropriating Part of the Surplufes chants and Traders in the Town of Lancastersand also of the Orphans Fund towards defraying the Expence James Buchanan, Esquire, in the Name and on behalf thereof; without any Amendment,

of the Merchants, Traders, and Manufacturers, of the And then the Messengers withdrew.

City of Gla/gows and also the Gentlemen, Merchants,

Traders, and Manufacturers, of the County Palatine of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Lancaster} who petitioned this House upon the 5th to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and 6th Days of this Instant May, praying to be heard, upon the Bill to explain and amend so much of an A8t, by themselves or Counsel, against the Bill to permit made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present the Exportation of certain Goods therein mentioned, Majesty, as relates to the preventing the clandestine directly from Ireland, into any British Plantation in Conveyance of Sugar and Paneles, from the America, or any British Settlement on the Coast of Colonies and Plantations in America, into Great

Sugar,

&c.

brought

from

America.

Africa, be permitted to be heard, by themselves or Connfel, against the said Bill, when the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the same was committed, shall be received, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

tain, be now read.

"And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Bull took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Bull reported from the Committee, And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Morning, Ten of the Clock. Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him

to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Vol. 36 Sir

0^1: 7'

S>88

20’ M

A. 1778.

Sir George Savile, according to Order, reported from DMkibWtkL Committee of the who!* House, to whom the Bill for relieving His Majesty’s Roman Catholic Subjects from certain Penalties and Disabilities imposed on tHbm by an Act, made in the Elevemh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the further preventing the *Growth of Popery,*’ was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill;

Sid which they had directed him to report to the Qufe; and he r?ad the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, ip at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Opce read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question federally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That die Bill, with the Amendment^ be ingrafted.

Ghfforibury

incltiufl'.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

licit:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, A»Act for dividing, allotting, indosing, and draining, certain Moots, or Pieces of Waste Lpnd, within the-Parities Of Saint John and Saint Benedict* in Glastonbury, in the County of Somerset, with ferae Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence oft his House.

And then the MessengeTs withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Confederation.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

After " inclosed " insert " or certain " Modules or Compofnions in " lieu of such Tithes."

Leave out " and small."

Leave out " Modules or Payments " what foe veE."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Combe do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their. Lordships.

Press 2. 1. 9.

Press 14.1.14. 1.15.

Ldrd Bichard Cavettdish reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, to

whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act concerning certain Estates heretofore of Francis Keck, Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Oxford and Wilts (that is to say) for veiling such Phrt thereof which hath been fold under a Decree aid subsequent Order of the Court of Chancery, in Trustees, to enable them to convey the fame.; and for carrying into execution an Agreement concerning other Parts of such Estates; and for confirming and carrying into execution a Partition made, mirfuant, to the said Decree and subsequent Order, os so much of the said Estates as remain unfold *, and for Veiling Part of such Estates in Diana Mary Barker, and ffer, Heirs, subject to the Trusts in the Will of Francis Baber, Esquire, deceased, and the Residue in Trustees, to be sold; and for directing the Application of the Motley which shall arise by such Sale; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true-; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee bad directed him to report the Biff to the House, Without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said1 Bill was read the Third Time.

lie/olved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that ttiis. House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment.

The Lord North acquainted the House, That h* had wMWage from His Majesty to this House, figtied by His Majesty; and lie presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth; viz.

the.. ' '

GEORGER.

Account; Sail Cloth.

Forfeited

Estate*

in

Ireland.

The Earl of Lijbume, from the Commisskmers for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, puefuaut to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity or Number of Bolts of Sail Cloth, supplied the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Navy, for His Majesty’a Service, from the Year 1754 to the Year 1777, both inclusive; disttnguishing toe Quantity in each Year.

And the Title of the said Account was read*

Ordered That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Houfo<

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Hbule to resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, upon the Bill foe repealing certain Previsions in an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of her. late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for the Re-‘ lief of the Protestant Purchasers of the forfeited " Estates in Ireland," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lord Richard Cavctuiish took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr; Speaker resumed the Chair 22

His Majesty haying takeninto His Oonfidesation tie Address of this HOofe, that He will be-gtaciously

£ leased to bellow same Ugnal and lading Mark of His loyal Favour on the Family of the fete William Pitt, Earl of Chatham; and being deftrous to comply as speodily as possible With the Request of Nis faithihl Commons; has given Directions for the granting to the present Earl of Chatham, and tot he. Heirs of the Body of the late William Pitt to whom the Earldom of Chatham shall defeend, an Annuity of Four thoafend Pounds per Annum, out of the Civil List Revenue: But His Majesty, not having it in His Power to extend the Efteft of the said Grant beyond the Term of His own Life, recommends it to the House, to consider of a proper Method of extending, securing, and annexing, the feme to the Earldom of Chatham, in fneh Manner as shall be thought mbit effectual for the Benefit of the Family of the said William Pitt, Earl of Chatham* R.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take His Majesty *s laid most Gracious Message into Conftdemtion.

Sir Grey Cooper, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain

Monies

Keck-

Estates.

Earl of Chatham.

ipply BH11 hulking Fuad.

African

Trade.

Supply Bill j SinkiugFund,

Sugar, &c. brought from America.

8 Geo. lit,

£o° —

Mail,

9

Monies therein mentioned, for tjje Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight; and for carrying to the Aggregate Fund a Sum of Money, which hath arisen by the Two-sevenths Excise, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Tlace; -and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: \Y7here the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself ipto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade to Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. James Luttrell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. James Luttrell reported from the Committee, That they had examined several other Witnesses, and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move that they; may have Leave to lit again.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Morn-

1 ing-next, resolve itself into a Committee of, the whole House, to consider further of the Trade to Africa.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisy 2i° die Mail;

Anno 18* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1778.

Praters.

AN ingrossed’ Bill'for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein.mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand, Seven hundred and Seventy-eight"; and- for carrying to the Aggregate Fund a Sum of Money which hath arisen by the.Two-sevenths Excise, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass And that the-Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One. thousand Seven. hundred^ and Seventy-eight; and for further appropriating the t Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament and for carrying to the Aggregate Fund a Sum of'Mooey which hath - arisen by the Two-sevenths Excise.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and defir* their Concurrence.

'Mr. Alderman Bull, according to Ordpr, reported from the Committee of; the'whdle‘House, tt> whom the Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Sugar and Paneles, from the British Colonies and Plantations in Ame, into Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Oace read throughout; and then VOL. 36.

a Second Time, One by One; and, Upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed' to by the

House

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for relieving His Majesty’s Romart Roman Catholic Subjects from certain Penalties and Disabilities Catholic imposed on them by an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King the Third,

intituled, "An Act for the further preventing the " Growth of Popery," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be. An Act for relieving His Majesty’s Subjects, pro-fefiing the Popish Religion, from certain Penalties and Disabilities imposed on them by an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Yehrs of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the further " preventing the Growth of Popery."

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

’ I

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Hett:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans Ur Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight; without- any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more easy and better recruiting of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and for the Relief of Bankrupts, in certain Cafes; without aoy Amendment: artd also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Trustees, under particular Turnpike Acts, to meet and carry such Acts into execution, notwithstanding the y may not have met or adjourned agreeable to the Directions of such Acts; and for preventing Disputes touching the Payment of Tolls for Horses or Carriages belonging to or employed by ’Officers or Soldiers on Duty; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Supply Bill; railing £. i.oooo.oooo.

Supply B;i!; Exchequer Bills.

Recruiting

the

Land Forces, tit.

Insolvent

Debtors.

Tniftees under T urn pike Acts.

Lord Richard Cavendish, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing certain Provisions in an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen hnne, intrtuled,. An Act for the " Relief of the Protestant Purchasers of the forfeited * Estates. in Ireland,*'was committed; the Amend-

ments, which ttie Combiittee had made to the Bill j and which thCy liad-directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, Avith the Amendments, in at the ClerkVl ablet Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; ‘ and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Were’agreed' t6 by the House.

Ordered, That' die Bill, with the Amendments^ be ingrossed. <' ' 1

Ordered, That the Ord'er of the Day, for the House to resolvedtfftf into a Committee of the Whole House, to take nnto Coitfidftation His Majesty’s most gracious Mdffage of Yesterday, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

1 The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

' it-T . Mr.

Forfeited Ella les in

Ireland.

Earl of Chatham*

Earl of

Chatham.

fMiliria Training.

990

210 Mali. A. 1778.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir George Saviletook the Chair of the Committee. *

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir George Savile rej>orted from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which theyjhad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

The House being informed that one of the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor'. Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of Lo, in Common Council assembled.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners humbly beg Leave to return their grateful Thanks to this Honourable House, for the noble and generous Tellimony which it has borne to the Services and Merits of the late William , Earl of and the Petitioners, with all Humility, desire, that their Zeal may not seem unplealing to this Honourable House, or be interpreted as a With in the Petitioners to vary from the general Sense of their Country, as expressed in the late Votes of this Honourable House, by their requesting that the Remains of the Earl of Chatham be deposited in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul, in the City of London; and the Petitioners further represent to this Honourable House, that they entirely feel the Delicacy of their Situation, in consequenc© of the several Measures taken by this Honourable House; but hope that a favourable Interpretation will be put upon any particular Marks of Gratitude and Veneration which the lirll Commercial City in the Empire is earned to express towards that Statesman whose Vigour and Counsels had so much contributed to the Protection and Extension of its Commerce.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie* upon the Table.

The other Order of the Day being read j

The House proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whoje House, to whom the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, the Laws relating to the raising and training of the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain called England, was re-committed.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause (F) being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

©lause (F) being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Words " One-half' and inserting the Words " Two-thirds" instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words Onehalf’ stand Part of the said Clause;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Clause, was, upon the Question put thereupon, with an Amendment thereunto, agreed to by the House.

Several other of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause (O) being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Clause (O) being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

A Clause was pffered to be added to the Bill, fqr exempting Artificers and Persons working in His Majesty’s Dock Yards from being obliged to serve in the Militia.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That no Person, holding a Commission in the Militia above the Rank of Lieutenant, shall hold any Place of Profit or Emolument under the Crown.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Ndes, j

iSir Philip Jennings ~t Clerke, I

Mr. Alderman Sate- f bridge: j

i5*

3*.

Whitworth.

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting Persons employed in the Gun Wharfs and the military Branch of the Ordnance, from serving in the Militia. ‘

And the said Clause wTas Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Chief Magistrates for having proceeded to choose by Lot, and Iwear in Militia Men, before the Time authorized by Law.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, that a Lieutenant Colonel Commandant, after Five Years Service, may have the Rank of Colonel.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed tp by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, that the Deputy Lieutenants may refuse any Person to be a Substitute, unless he shall produce a Certificate of his usual Residence in the County.

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, that the Families of Persons advanced to be Serjeants, shall continue -entitled to Relief from the County or Parish in the same Manner as if such Serjeants still continued private Men.

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

4

j"

18 Geo. III. 22°

Veneris, 2 2°;

9 1

Anno 18* Georgii III"' Regis, 1778.

P RAYERS.

Vbrerit TR, Elwes presented to the House, according to

31 i\l Order, a Bill to remove certain Difficulties re-

Htftiou' ^atiye to Voters at County Elections: And the fame

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be re;id a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Sugar, See. An ingrafted Bill to explain and amend so much of brought an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His from present Majesty, as relates to the preventing the clan-Amenca. fjefiine Conveyance of Sugar and Paneles, from the Brilijh Colonies and Plantations in America, into Great Britain, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Sugar and Paneles, from the British Colonies and Plantations in America, into Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Oliver do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Rye Way, Mr. John ex Junior, reported from the Committee, to whom the lbll for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty-niirth Year of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, repairing, and widening, the Roads leading from the Rye Way, in the " Parish'of Yarpolc, in the County of Hereford, to Presteigne, in the County of Radnor, and from

" thence to Leintzcardine, and from Presteigne aforesaid to the Top of Trap Hill, and from the Rye Way " aforesaid, by the Maidenhead, to Woqferton, in the County of Salop;" and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, l'everal other Roads branching out of the Roads comprised in the said Act, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time. One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Romball’s Mr. Byr/g reported from the Committee, to whom Name. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ' to enable James Rumball, now called James Quilter, his

First and other Sons, and his younger Brothers, and their First and other Sons, and their Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Coat Armour, of Quit ter, in pursuance of the Will of James Quitter, Esquire, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the> Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth;

Press 4, 1. 27. Leave out from " Male" to by" in Press 5, 1. 4.

Vot.36. '

Maii. 991

Press 5, 1. 22. Leave out from " Quitter*' to the

End of 1. a8. r

Press 6, 1. 12. Leave out from Rumball" ,to " Provided" in 1.14.

I.25. Leave out from. " issuing" to " may" in 1. 20.

In the Title of the Bill,

1. 3 / Leave out " and his younger Bro-and " tliers, and their First and other 4. t" Sons."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put there- -upon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Byng do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Sir George Savile, according to Order, reported from Earl of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was Chatham'* referred to take into Consideration His Majesty’s moil Annuity, gracious Message of Wednesday last, the Reiblution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Annual Sum of Four thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, out of the Aggregate Fund, to commence from the Fifth Day of 1778, and be settled in the most beneficial Manner upon the present Earl of Chatham, and the Heirs of the Body of the late William Pitt to whom the Earldom of Chatham ih.aH descend.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Annual Sum of Four thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, out of the Aggregate Fund, to commence from the Fifth Day of July 1778, and be settled in the most beneficial Manner upon the present Earl of Chatham, and the Heirs of thq Body of the late William Pitt to whom the Earldom of Chatham shall descend.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Thomas Sir

George Savile, Lord John Cavendijk, Colonel Barre,

Mr. Dunning, the Marquis of Granby, the Earl Nugent, and Mr. Hartley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Se- importation cond Reading of the Bill to permit the Importation of of Cotton Yarn, the Manufiifture of Ireland, into this Cotton Yarn. Kindom, Duty-free, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed, that the several Persons who petitioned this House upon the 5th and 6th Days of this Instant May, praying to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and which Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, declined being heard by their Counsel upon the Second Reading of the said Bill;

The said Bill was read a Second'Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An

.f t J

aB — -25'

t

A. 1778.

forfeited Ail ingToffed Bill for repealing certain Provisions irt liftates arid A&,-made. in -the First. Year of the Reign of her

Ireland. late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for the " Relief of the Protestant Purohaitrs of the forfeited " Estates in Ireland,’} was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be> -An Act for repealing certain. Provisions in Two Acts, made in the First, Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, One, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of the " Protestant Purchasers of the forfeited Estates in " land,-, -and the other, intituled, "An Act for advanning the Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland;

" and for veiling such asnemain unfold by the present Trustees, in her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors,

for such Uses as the same were before vested in the " said Trustees; and for the more effectual felling and " setting the , said Estates to Protestants; and for explaining several Acts relative to the Lord Bop/iin and

Sir Redmond Everard."

Ordered, That Lord Richard do qarry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

tXPf"mri°n The Lord Midleton, according to Order, reported Ireland from the Committee of the whole House, ito wham the to Bill to permit the Exportation of certain Goods therein America, mentioned, directly from Ireland, into any Plantation in America, or any Settlement on tlieCoaft

Of Africa, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

And the House being informed, that the jGentlemen, Tradesmen, Merchants,' and Manufacturers, of the Town and Neighbourhood of in the County

Palatine of Lancaster; and also the Gentlemen, Clergy Land Owners, Manufacturers, and Callico Printers, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster', and also the several Manufacturers of Sail Cloth, in and near the Towns of Warrington, Lancaster, Prefion, Liverpool,

Prefcot, Farnworth, Wigan, and- Ulverfione, in the County of Lancaster; and also the Mayor, Bailiffs, and . Common Council, of the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool; and also the Gentlemen, Merchants, Mari-

hers. Traders, and Manufacturers, of Liverpool', and also the Merchants and Traders, in the Town of Lan-

casier;and also James BEftpiire, in the Name and on behalf of the Merchants,! Traders, and Manufacturers, of the City of Glasgow', and also the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and Manufacturers, of the County Palatine of Lancaster; who petitioned this House upon the 5th and 6th Days of this Inllant 3/gy, praying to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against -the said Bill; declined being/heard, by themselves or Chtinfel, upon the Report of the said Bill;

The said Report was read. . ,.

And the Amendments, made by. the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to - prevent the Exportation from Ireland of any Foreign Linens, (minted, stained, or dyed there.

> And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House,. to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

: That no Cotton Manufactures shall be exported from Ireland without a Certificate.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question. put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Gliddon, From the Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City of Westminster, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, prefanted to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

Copy of the Proceedings of the Commissionters for putting in execution the several Acts of Parliament made in the id, 3d, 4th, 5th, 6th, and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other PI aces, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, from the 18th Day of February 1777 to the 24th Day of March 1778, both inclusive; also an Account of all Contracts and Agreements made by the said Commissioners, from the 18th Day of February 1777 to the 24th Day of March 1778, both inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members..of the House.

The said Copy is preserved amouglt the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 250 Maii;

Anno i8* Georgii IIP1 Regis, 1778.

Prayers.

MR. Thomas Townshend presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Earl of Chatham, and the Heirs of the Body of the late William Earl of Chatham to whom the said Earldom of defeend, in Consideration of the eminent Services by him performed to His Majesty and the Public: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, Merchants, and principal Inhabitants, of the City of Exeter, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners being informed, that several Bills are depending before the House, granting an Extension of the Trade of Ireland-, and notwithstanding the Petitioners conceive the Exceptions prohibiting the Exportation of Woollens are to continue in force, yet they beg Leave to express their Fears, that, should the said Bills pass into Laws, the clandef-tine Export of IrifiiWoollens will greatly increase; and the Petitioners are very apprehenlive, from a comparative View of the Prices of Labour and Provisions, and the Difference of the Taxes in both Kingdoms, that such Laws will be productive of many other Evils, and occasion iuexpressible Injury and irreparable Loss to this Nation: The Petitioners therefore, dreading such fatal Coufequences, but sincerely wishing their Sifter Kingdom may have every Relief this Country can properly grant, pray, That the further Prosecution of the said Bills may be deferred until next Session of Parliament, that, in the mean time, Objects so important and extensive may be thoroughly examined and digested. *

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An

Wert min fter Paving.

Earl of Chatham’s Annuity*

Trade of Ireland*

Importation

from

America

into

Ireland.

Rjre Way, Ac. Roods.

18 Geo. III. 25

995

An ingrossed Bill to permit the Exportation of certain Goods therein mentioned, directly from Ireland, into any British Plantation in America, or any British Settlement on the Coast of , was read the Third

rf'

1 ime.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3.1. 37. After " Irela" to insert " to any of the Places aforesaid", and after " Linens" to insert " whether the " same be."

1. 38. After " checked" to insert *' or."

Pr. 4.1. 4. To leave out " or," and after " plated" to insert or tinned/’

1. 10. To leave out "or," and after plated" to insert " or tinned."

Pr. 5.1. 29. After " Irelan" to insert " to any of " }he Places aforesaid."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to permit the Exportation of certain Goods, directly from Ireland, into any British Plantation in America, or any British Settlement on the Coast of Africa; and for further encouraging the Fisheries and Navigation of Ireland.

Ordered, That the Lord Midleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Debate upon the Motion made upon Friday the 15th Day of this Instant May, That the Bill to permit the Importation of certain Goods from the British Plantations in America, or the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa, into the Kingdom of Ireland* be committed.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Debate be further adjourned till this Day two Months;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

The Lord Newkaven was appointed one of the Tellers for the Noes; but no other Member remaining in the House to be a Second Teller for the Noes, the Yeas returned into the House; and Mr. Speaker declared ' the Yeas had it.

So the Question was resolved in the Affirmative.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act; for amending, repairing, and widening, the Roads-leading from the Bye Way, in the " Parish of Yarpolc, in the County of to

" Prefeigne, in the County of Radnor, and from thence

" to Leintwardme, and from Prefieigne aforesaid to the

" Top of Trap Hill, and from the Rye Way aforesaid, by the Maidenhead, to Wooferton, in the County <5f " Salop and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads branching out of the Roads comprised in the said Act, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, repairing, and' widening, the Roads leading from the Rye Way, in the " Parish of Yarpole, in the County of Hereford, to Preftdgne, in the County of Radnor, and from " thence to Leintwardine, and from Pres eigne, aforesaid to the Top of Trap Hill, and from the Rye *Way aforesaid, by the Maidenhead, to Wooferton, in the County of Salop," and for amending, widening, Vot. 36.

and keeping in Repdir, several other Road* brandling1 out of the Roads comprised in the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. John Cs, Junior, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defrre their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Halford and Mr.

Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable James Rtmball, now called James Outlier, his First and

other Sons, and his younger Brothers, and their First and other Sons, and their Heirs Male, to talc and use the Surname and hear the Court Armour, of QuutPr, in pursuance of the Will of James Esquire,

fleceased: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing,

" amending, and widening, the Road from Keighley,

" in the West Rjding of the County of York, to Kirkby " in Kendal, in the County of Wqjhnoreland without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House tmportstioa to refotve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of upon the Bill to permit the Importation of Cotton Cotton Yara' Yarn, the Manufacture of Ireland, into this Kingdom,

Duty-free, be now read.

> And the said Order being read accordingly)

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Midleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Midleton reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will- please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

The Lord Midleton accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in hife Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be mgrctfled.

Ordered, That Richard Camplin, Esquire, do, Tomorrow Morning, attend the Committee of the whole Trade. House, to whom it is. referred to eonfider further of the Trade to Africa.

Ordered, That Samvel Share, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That John Bourke, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Gilbert Ross, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the feme Time.

Ordered, That James Bogle French, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Gregory Olive, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the feme Time.

Ordered, That Jufinian Cafamajor, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That John Barnes, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

An ingrossed BUI to amend and render more effec-11U tual

Name*

Keighley

to Kirkbf in Kendal Road.

\A: 1778.

99 4

256rr^-26°

Militia tual the Laws relating to the railing and training of Training. the Militia, within- that Part of Great Britain called England, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed , to be made to the Bill;

Pa 12.1. 29. To leave out. " any Two" and in-ferl " the" instead t. hereof.

I.30. To leave out " One Justice" and in- fert Juliices" instead thereof.

I. 31. To leave out " of the County or."

1. 37. To leave out " Justice" and insert " Juliices" instead thereof.

1. 39. To leave out from " Meeting" to " to," in Press 13. Line 1, and in- fert " and" instead thereof. 1

Pr. 18.1.13. After " Substitute" to insert hired* " Man or Volunteer."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, agreed to by he House j and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs; And that the Titld be, An Act to amend and render more effectual the Laws relating to the raising and training of the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain called England; and to establish certain Regulations with respect to Officers serving in the Corps offencible Men, directed to be raised in that Part of Great Britain called and

certain other Corps therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

respefUng the The other Order of the Day being read;

Toulon The House proceeded to take into Consideration the ^eet" several Papers which were presented to the House by the Lord North upon Monday last, relative to the French Fleet lately failed from Toulon.

And the said Papers were read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, that His Majesty’s Ministers did receive intelligence, at different Times, in the Months of March,

and April last, of tl»c Equipment of the Fleet at Toulon, which failed under the Command of the Count D'Ejlaing, on the 13th of April last;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

rp „ f ., f Sir George 7

Tellers for the^eas,| Mr Byng:J91'

Tellers for the Noes, j f i>7-

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it does not appear to this House, that any Orders were sent, until the 29th Day of April, for any Fleet of Observation to attend the Motions of the said Toulon Fleet; and that no Fleet did actually fail until the 20th of the present Month of May, when Eleven Sail of the Line left Saint Helens >

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the House do now adjourn j

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for, he Yeas^C^rJ I2.

Tellers for the Noes,j J£r. Tmnjheni, \ gg

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the House accordingly adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy 26* die Mali;

Anno 18* Georgii III'" Regis, 1778.

Prayers.

r\RDERED, That the Order of the Day, for the £ar| of Second Reading of the Bill for settling and secur- Chatham’s, ing a certain Annuity on the Earl of Chatham, and the Annuity. Heirs of the Body of the late WdliamEarl of Chatham to whom the said Earldom of Chatham shall defeend, in Consideration of the eminent Serviaesby him performed to His Majesty and the Public, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,. upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Earl of His Majesty, to represent to His Majesty, That this Chatham’s House having received Information, that upon the Death of the late Earl of Chatham, there were several Mortgages, and other Debts, incurred by him, and then remaining a Charge on his Estates to a considerable Amoupt, and being desirous to Ihow every Testimony of their Esteem and Gratitude to the Memory of the said William Pitt Earl of Chatham, most humbly beseech His Majesty, to advance the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, towards paying off and discharging the said Mortgages and other Debts; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame, in the next Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented Jo ITis Majesty by such'Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

An ingrossed Bdl to permit the Importation of Cot- imputation ton Yarn, the Mgnufafhge of Irelainto this King- of

dom, Duty free, was read the Third Time. Cotton Yarn.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to permit the Importation of Cotton Yarn, the Manufacture of Ireland, into this Kingdom, Dutyfree.

Ordered, That the Lord Midleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will now resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider the State and Condition of the Army which surrendered thenn-selves Prisoners on Convention at Saratoga in America and also by what Means Lieutenant General,

who commanded that Army, and was included in that Convention, was released, and is now returned to England;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting sifter the Word, consider/’ these Words, " of the Tran factions of the Northern " Army under Lieutenant General and of."

And the Question being, put, That those Words be there inserted;

The'House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j (J^rglyonge':’

Tellers for the Noes, j gj’ t ‘14

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being again proposed; and a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

And

Motion respecting the Army in America;

18 Geo. III.

0.6° — 27 '

995

African

Trad*.

And Notice being taken, that some Words of Heat had passed in the Debate, between Lord George Germain, and Mr. Temple Luttrell;

Mr. Speaker, by Direction of the House, required them to stand up in their Places, and give the House an Assurance that the Matter should go no further.

And the said Members accordingly severally flood up in their Places; and allured the House, that the Matter should go no further.

Then the main Question being put. That this House will, now, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State and Condition of the Army which surrendered themselves Prisoners1 on Convention at Saratoga in America; and also by what Means Lieutenant General who commanded

that Army, and was included in that Convention, was released, and is now returned to England;

It passed in the Negative.

The other Order of the Day being read; ’

Resolved, That this House w ill, Tomorrow Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade to Africa.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

' And then the House adjourned till* To-njorrow.

Morning, Ten ofihe Cfoik.

Mercuriiy 2j° die Mail;

Anno 18® Georgii IIP" Regis, 1778.

Plymouth

Writ.

Earl of Chatham's Annuity.

Pr

AYERS.

f\RDER E D, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of ,*

in the County of Devon, in the room of the Right honourable William Lord Vjfc'punt Barrington in the Kingdom of Ireland, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Thomas Tozvnjkend accordingly reported from'

the said (Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had ma^eto the fell; and which they had directed him to report to thfe House; and he read the Report, in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,' with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where *

the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Were agreed to by the(

House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

A Petition of the Merchants and'Traders of Port/- Importation mouth, Gosport, Emftoorlh, Havant,‘ The Isle of ot <~orn-

ami other Parts of the County of whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, was prefen ted to the House; and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Com, it is enacted, that the Importation shall be regulated by the Prices of Corn at the Ports and Places where -it shall be imported, as the same shall appear-according to the Methods directed by the- several Acts of-Parliament for ascertaining the Rates and Prices of Corn and Grain imported; and that such Directions are found (with respect to the Out-Ports) to be very vague; and inadequate to so important a Purpose, and liable 40 great Abase from intetefled Persons; and that, at the Sessions held in October last at Winchifer, . for the said County of SouthampfonpReturns moll notoriously false were made of the Prices of Corn, whereby Wheat imported into the said County was rendered' liable to the Payment of the high Duty contrary to (he Intention of the said Act of the Thirteenth of His present Majesty; and that the Petitioners are adviled, no adequate Remedy is at present provided by Law for Abuses of this Kind, and apprehend, that, without some new and more effectual Regulations for ascerlain-ing the Port Prices of Corn in order for the Importation, the good and beneficial Purposes of the said Act are liable to be coiillantly interrupted and perverted:

And therefore praying, 'i*hat this House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Relief as shall seem meet.

A Petition of divers Merchants and Traders at Chi- D‘Uo chester, Arundel, Shoreham, Irenes, &e. in the County

ham.

St. German’! Writ.

of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke,

Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Bucking- was also presented to the House, and read";

Setting forth. That, by an Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, the different Duties which are payable on Corn imported have been made to depend entirely ^>n the Prices thereof at the Places where the same may be imported, as they shall appear.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifl’ue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the elefling of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St. Germans, in the County of Cornicall, in the room of Benjamin Lang- according to the Methods directed by the several Acts

lois, Esquire, who, since his Ejection for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Chief Keeper of the Ordnance, Munition, and Stores, belonging to His Majesty’s Office of Ordnance.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for

of Parliament for ascertaining the Rates and Prices of Corn and Grain imported; and that, in the Eastern District of the County of the Prices of Corn

have never been at all ascertained in order for Importation, although Application has been made to the Magistrates for that Purpose; and that, in the Wellern District of the said County, it has not been settling and ft-curing a certain Annuity on the Earl of done with that accuracy which so important a Srtbjefcl Chatham, and the Heirs of the Body of the late William requires, neither have the proper Averages beeu always

Earl of Chatham, to whom the said Earldom of Chatham, shall defeend, in Consideration of the eminent Servioes by him performed to His Majesty and the Public.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Tuicnfhcnd took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

taken, as the Petitioners conceive, from the different Inland Market Towns; and the Returns of Prices have been Sometimes made for some particular Sorts of Corn only, and not for all Sorts; which several Omissions are, as the Petitioners also conceive, highly injurious, and render the abovementioned moll salutary Laws of little Effect: And therefore praying such Relief in the Pre-

Mr. Thomas Tozvnjkend reported from the Committee, mises as the House shall fee expedient to grant.

That they had gone through the Bill, and rpade several And the said Petitions were severally ordered to

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him lie upon the Table,

to report, w hen the House will please to receive the same.

Vol. 36. v A Message

27* — ^8® Mali.

A. 1778.

Exportation

from

Ireland

to

America.

Eye Way.

Ac.

Importation

of

Cotton Yarn.

Sugar, fought from America.

A Message frdm the Lords, by Mr. Holford, and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to permit the Exportation of certain Goods directly from Ireland, into any British Plantation in America, or

any British Settlement on the Coast of Africa; and for further encouraging the Fisheries and Navigation of Ireland; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, repairing, and widening, the " Roads leading from the Rye Way, in the Parish of " Yarpole, in the County of Hertford, to " in the County of Radnor, and from thence to Leintwardine, and from Preftcigne aforesaid to the Top of

Trap Hill, and from the Rye Way aforesaid, by the Maidenhead, to Woofertonfm the County of Salop"

and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads branching out of the Roads comprised in the said Act; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act to permit the Importation of Cotton Yarn, the Manufacture of Ireland, into this Kingdom, Dutyfree; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act made, in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the preventing the Clandestine Conveyance of Sugar and Paneles, from the British Colonies and Plantations in America, into Great Britain; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

African The other Order of the Day being read, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade to Africa.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Minutes of the Evi-

dence given to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, relative to the Trade to the Coast of Africa (which was presented to the House upon the 28th Day of May in the last Session of Parliament) be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. James Lutterell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. James Lutterell reported from the Committee, That they had examined several Other Witnesses; and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred > and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade to Africa.

the said Earldom of Chatham shall defeend, in Consideration of the eminent Services by him performed to His Majesty and the Public, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, Nemine Contradicente, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Earl of Chatham, and the Heirs of the Body of the late William Pitt,

Earl of Chatham, to whom the said Earldom of Chatham shall defeend, in Consideration of the emineut Services performed by the {Lid late Earl to His Majesty and the Public.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Tmonjhend do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Coucurrence.

Ordered, That the Journal of this House, from the Journal*. End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session, with au Index to the Thirty-sixth Volume, be printed.

Ordered, That One thousand Five hundred Copies of the said Journal and Index be printed, by the Appointment, and under the Direction, of John Esquire, Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journal and Index be printed by such Person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker; and that no other Person do presume to print the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented tq His Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds to be advanced to John Hatfell, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session, with an Index to the Thirty-sixth Volume; and to defray such extraordinary Expences as have been, or {halt be, incurred, on account of the printed Journals and Reports of this House; and to ashire His Majesty that this House will make good the fame.

Resolved, That an humble address be presented to His Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of One thousand Five hundred Pounds to be advanced to Mr. Henry Htowards defraying the Expence of printing One thousand Five hundred Copies of the General Index to the Journals of this House; and to ashire His Majesty that this House will make good the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Five hundred Pounds to be advanced to George White, Esquire, one of the Clerks attending this House, for defraying the Remainder of the Expences incurred by him in Business done by the Authority of this House, relative to Inquiries into the State of the Poor of this Kingdom; and to ashire llis Majesty that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 28* die Matt 1

Anno 18* Georgii Iir*1 Regis, 1778. Pkayxrs.

Etri of AN ingrafted Bill for settling and securing a certain 1"?' XJL Annuity on the Earl of Chatham, and the Heirs ty‘ of the Body of the late William Earl of Chatham to whom 11

A Message, by Sir Francis Molyneur, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several BUb.* Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers; where a Commission under the Great Seal was

read

to Geo. III. $9°fifaff. 997

read; giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Af* sent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Archhifoop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Brit-

tain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other I^ords, to declare and notify the Royal AlTent to the said Bills; and thaj the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain and the Earl of named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposea therein mentioned:

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight:

An Act to permit tire Exportation of certain Goods directly from Ireland into any British Plantation in America, or any British Settlement on the Coast of Africa-, and for further encouraging the Fisheries and Navigation of Irelajid:

An Act to permit the Importation of Cotton Yarn, the Manufacture of Ireland, into this Kingdom, Dutyfree:

An Act for the more easy and better recruiting of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines:

An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtor?, and for the Relief of Bankrupts, in certain Cafes;

An Act to continue an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " authorise, for a limited Time, the Punish inept, by " Hard Labour, of (Offenders, vvljo, for certain Crimes, " are or shall become liable to be transported to any of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations An Act to explain and amend so much of ap Act, jnarle in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Sugar and Fancies, from the Colonies and Plantations in America, into Great Britain An Act for enabling Trustees under particular Turnpike Acts, to meet and carry such Acts into Execution, notwithstanding the y may not have u>et pr adjourned agreeable to the Directions of such Acts; and for preventing Disputes touching the Payment of Tolls fof Horses or Carriages belonging to or employed by Officers or Soldiers on Duty:

An Act for erecting a Building for bolding the Courts, and exereifing the Jurisdiction, of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter in Westminster, within the City and Liberty of West-

mitijler, apd for bolding the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and transacting the other Public Business of the said City and Liberty; and for appropriating part of the Surpl uses of the Orphans Fund towards defraying the Expence thereof:

An Act forwidening and improying a certafo Avenue called Dirty fane, and Part of Brick far#, leading from Whitechapel to Spitalfieldsf in the County of Middlesex; and for paving Dirty and also the East

Side of Petticoat Lane, from Whitechapel High Street to Wentworth Street, the said Avenue called Wentworth Street, from thepce in one continued line through Old Montague Street, Chapel Street, and Prince's Row, to Baker's Row, inchdive, and the several Streets and Passages leading into the fame; and for removing all Obstructions and Encroachments therefrom, and preventing the like for the future:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing, amending, and widening, the Road from Keighley, in the " West Riding of the County of York, to Kirkty in " Kendal, in the County of Westmgrelgfid :H Vot. 36.

An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made so the Twenty-ninth, Year of his late Majesty, intituled,

An Act for amending, repairing, and widening, the Roads leading from the Rye Way, in the Parish of " Ydr pole, in the County of Hereford, to Prefteignc,

" in the County of Radnor, and from thence to " wardine, and from Pr^fteigne aforesaid, to the Top of Trap Hill, and from the Rye Way aforesaid, by " the Maidenhead, tq Woqferton, in the Coupty of " Salopand for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads branching out of the; Roads comprized in the said Act:

An Act concerning certain Estates, heretofore of Francis Keck, Eftjuire, deceased, in the Counties of Oxford and Wilts,(that is to say) for vesting such Part thereof, which hath been fold under a Decree and subsequent Order of the Court of Chancery, ip Trustees, tq enable them to convey the fame; and for carrying into Execution an Agreement concerning other Parts of such Estates; and for confirming ana carrying into execution a Partition, made pursuant to the said Decree and subsequent Order, of so much of the said Estates as remain unfold; and for vetting Part of such Estates in Diana Mary Barker, and her Heirs, subject to the Trusts in the Will of Francis Baber, Esquire, deceased, and the Residue in Trustees, to be sold; and for directing the Application of the Money which shall arise by such Sale; and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

An Act for vesting certain Messuages* Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Crayford in the County of Kent, comprized in the Marriage Settlement of Shovel Blackwood, and Sarah his Wife, in Trustees, to the several Uses within mentioned; and also for veiling certain other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the Parishes of Nor born, Be t/k anger, Ham, Sholdon, and Potiltons, in

the said County of Kent, called Poullon Farm, and West Street and Park Gate Farm, intailed upon the Issue Male of the said Shovel Blackwood, in other Trustees, to the several Uses within mentioned:

An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in the County of Surrey, settled in and by the Will of Thomas Bridges, Esquire, deceased, to be sold and conveyed pursuant to Articles; and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Lands and Tenements, to be settled to the Uses of the ibid Will:

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and draining, certain Moors or Pieces of Waste Land, within the Parishes of Saint John and Saint BjtnediS, in Glastonbury, in the County of Somsrfet:

An Act to enable James Rumball, now Qalled Jamgf Quitter, his Firstand other Sons, and their He*rs Male, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Coat Armour, of Quitter, so pursuance of the Will of Jornefi fluilster, Esquire, deceased.

A Motion was ipftde, and the Questlon being put. That this House will, at the Rising of the Home this Pay, adjourp till Tuesday Morping next;

The House divided*

The Yeas went forth.

Telle„for, heYe^^%C^ ]7,

Tellers for the Noes, j frPhiCUrkc. J «

So it was rfoblved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Elwcs reported from the Select Committee, to whom it was referred to consider and examine the Accounts of extraordinary Services incurred and paid, and not provided for by Parliament, which have been laid before this House in the Years 1776, 1777, and in the present $ession of Parliament, and to report their Proceedfogsi from Time to Time, to the House; That

11 X " the

Royal

Assent

to

Bills*

Adjouramttt.

Army

Extras.

998 a8° Mali — a®: Junii. A. 1778-

the Committee had considered the same accordingly, and agreed upon a Report, which they had directed - him to make to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the

Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Report is, preferred among ft the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Motion A. Motion was made, and the Question being put, respeaing the That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, orogjation tQ jntreat His Majesty, that he will be graciously Parliament, pleased not to prorogue the Parliament; but that He will suffer them to continue fitting, for the Purpose of assisting and forwarding the Measures already taken for the Restoration of Peace in America and that they may be in Readiness, in the present critical Situation and Prospect of Public Affairs, to provide for every important Event at the earliest Notice;

The House divided.;-' -

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,| Turner :} 53-

Tellers for the NoeS,[^' } 105.

So it passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read;

African Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

Trade. Jng next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade to 'Africa.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 2* Junii;

Anno 18® Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1778.

Prayers.

Message from the Lords, by Mr. Angttifk and

Mr. Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sinking Fund.\for grafting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies, therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year ‘ One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for carrying to the Aggregate Fund a Sum of Money which hath arisen by the Two-sevenths Excise; without any Amendment: And also.

Forfeited The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Estate* for repealing certain Provisions in Two Acts, made in

in the First Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, One in-

r*an tituled, " An Act for the Relief of the Protestant Purchasers of the forfeited Estates in Ireland and the other, intituled, "An Act for advancing the Sale " of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and for veiling " such as remain unfold by the present Trustees in „ " her Majesty, her Heirs and Success’ors, for such

" Uses as the same were before vested in the said

" Trustees; and for the more effectual felling and " setting the said Estates to Protellants; and for ex-

u plaining several Acts relative to the Lord , and " Sir Redmond Everard"; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for relieving His Majesty’s Subjects profefltng the Popish Religion, from certain Penalties and Disabilities im-

?ofed on them by an Act, made in the Eleventh and welfth Years of the Reign of King' William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the further preventing the Growth of Poperywith some Amendments $ to which Amendments the I.ords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual the Laws relating to the railing and training of the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain called and to

establish certain Regulations with respect to Officers serving in the Corps of Fencible Men, directed to be raised in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other Corps therein mentioned; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed the Mr. Ratoe, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre>-fented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Foreign Sail Cloth exported from Scotland, and to what Country, for Ten Years preceding ill January lasty, distinguisiiing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of British Sail Cloth exported from Scotland, and to what Country, from the Year 1754 to the Year 1777, inclusivej distin-guidling each Year: And also.

An Account of all Duties paid on the Importation of Hemp into Scotland -, as also all Drawbacks upon the Re-exportation of the same to Ireland, from Christmas 1746 to Christmas 1777: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Ginger, Pimento, Beaver Skins and Furs, Pitch, Tar, Turpentine, Silk, Elephants Teeth, and Sugar, exported from Scotland into Ireland, for Three Years, eliding at last;

with the Amount of the Duties drawn back on such Exportation: And also,

An Account of the Duties paid on Ginger, Pimento, Beaver Skins and Furs, Pitch, Tar, Turpentine, Silk, and Elephants Teeth, for Three Years last pall, ending at Christmas last.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that the Committee, to whom the Petition of Andrew Iluddleston, of Hutton John, in the County of Cumberland, Esquire, and Roger Williamson, of Snittlegarth, in the same County, Esquire, was referred, had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had gone through all the Evidence; but that there would not be sufficient Time, before the Conclusion of the present Session, to draw up the same in the Form of a Report to the House j

Ordered, That Leave be given for the said Committee to report the Minutes of the Evidence taken before them, on the Examination of the Matter of the said Petition.

Sir James Ixuvther accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Minutes of the Evidence taken before them, on the Examination of the Matter of the said Petition; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Romai

Catholic

Disabilities.

Mi Brit Traioiflg.

Accotmts;

Sail Cloth.

Ditto*

Hrapt

Ginger*

lie.

Dkta;

Bolton

Inclosuffe

i8 Geo. III. 20 JuAti. 999

Mr. Wilson Wood, being examined* was asked,'

Do you know the Petitioners ?

Yesf

Do you know the Manor of Blennerhqfet in the County of Cumberland f

I do.

Are you Steward for the said Manor ?

I am. !

Under whom? I

Under the Petitioners.

Do you know them to be the Lords of the Manor ?

I do.

Are. they Lords in their own Right, or as Trustees?

AsTrustees.

Are there any Customary Tenants of the Manor ?

There are.

By what Service do they hold their Messuages ?

By Suit of Court ?

Are any Customary Rents paid by them ?

There are.

What Fines are paid by the Customary Tenants ?

A Fine upon the Death of the Lord, and a Fine upon the Death of the Tenant.

Is any Fine paid upon Alienation ?

There is.

What is the Amount of the Fines in Proportion to

the Rent?

They are in general assessed at Two Years Value, they are arbitrary Fines, not exceeding Two Years Value in Rent.

Do you apprehend the Annual Value of the Fines, Heriots, fife. of the Manor, upon an Average, is above Twenty-one Pounds?

I cannot tell.

Whether the Paper given in to the Commissioners was formed upon mature Confederation?

It was made by me from a Calculation.

Were the Petitioners acquainted with it ?

They were.

Did you calculate the casual Profits of the Fines ?

I cannot say that 1 did.

What is the Rentexclusive of Fines?

About £.5. a Year, Customary Rents.

Are you accurate when you say £.5 ?

I will not be positive.

Whether the Calculation is of dropping Fines, as well as general Fines ?

I presume the general Fine is not taken in, as the general Fines upon the Death of the Lord will come to more.

Are both Fines arbitrary ?

They are.

Did you mean to claim an Allotment in respect of the Rent paid by the Customary Tenants?

Yes I did.

Whether the Rents are at all affected by the Allotments, and if the Lord has not the same Rents now, as before the Inclosure ?

Certainly.

Is it possible for the Lord to be affected in any Shape but in respect of the Fines by the Inclosure?

No.

Do you know in what Way the Fines are calculated in that Country ?

At Two Years Value.

What are they usually sold at upon an Enfranchisement ?

None have been fold since I came to be Steward j One in the adjoining Manor was fold.

.What is the usual Price when they are fold ?

Five or Six Years Value, and sometimes more.

Have you been concerned in Enfranchisements ?

1 have not.

Whether the Common Right is ever taken into the Value upon an Enfranchisement ?

We generally take the Land, considering the Com* Voi. 36.

mon Right, and every Thi^ el^r^sappgrtenant What is the Anual Value of the Customary Land

- subjectko Fines-?

Afofet ^..rfio or:J£.i7a a Year,

Have you the last Assessment for the general Fines ? I have.; . j

What is the Amount of that Assessmenti . r About j£.i8o.

What dropping Fines havp been the laftSeven Years ? Only One Fine of £.60. ....

Is the Heriot affected by the Ad? ,

I do not suppose it is.

- By what Calculation do you make the Rents, Fines,

fife. £..21* a Year.? .

The Boons are about Twenty oj; Thirty Shillings a Year.

Can they be affected by the Inclosure ?.

An Annual Reut in lieu of Boon is paid by.some, and in Kind by others. - ,

Do the Boons and Services remain in the ^une State as before the Act?:

They are. , f

Has the Lord any Injury then in that Respect? Certainly not.

How did you calculate the Average of the Fines ?

I did not make it.

What Fines happened in the Seven Years preceding the last Seven Years ? '

I was not then concerned, so I cannot say, I have not the former Books to give an Account of them.

Can you form any Idea of the Average Value of Fines?

No, I cannot.

Can you form any Guess at the Injury the Lord of Blemerhaffet will suffer by the Inclosure ?

The Right of Common forms a Part of the Value of the Customary Estate.

Has there been any Allotments made under the Inclosure ?

There has not.

Have the Customary Tenants any other /Common Right than upon this Common ?

I cannot positively say; they pay a Rent to Lord . Egremont as Lord of the Manor of Aspatria.

Do the Customary Tenants claim a Right upon . patria Common ?

I believe they do.

.Is there not a Verdict to establiili the Right upon . Aspatria Common ?

There is.

Is Aspatria Common a valuable One ?

1 believe it is, but not so valuable as Bolton — I mean in respect to the Soil — Irather speak from Information than my own Knowledge.

Would the Lords be content with a Portion of the Common, equivalent to the Injury they sustain fry the Inclosure becoming Freehold, and not subject to arbitrary Fines ?

I cannot say what they would do in that Cafe, I never heard of it before.

Is the Damage the Lord sustains merely the Value of the Common Right, which by the Act is taken from the Estate ?

Yes.

In the general Fine assessed at £.180 in the Year 1769, what Rate was it assessed at ?

I have been informed it was at about One Year and an Half’s Value, the Lords were very moderate at that Time.

At what Rate was the dropping Fine at /. 60, af-

sessed ?

At about Two Years Value.

Do you think the general Fine is not included in the Calculation of £.21 a Year ?

I think it is not.

Why do you think it is not included ?

I did

Bolton

Inciofuur.

Bolts*

Iacloftnt.

lOOOO

S* yum. A. 1778.

I did not make the dalctdatiop Out, and WAS notpre* font when it was made ont.

How came you to give in a Claim to foe Commissioners including Fines, Heriots, He. as their full Claim in Right of their Manor ?

That Calculation was made by the Trustees.

Did you not then tmderftaad that that was all the Claim they had to make ?

I understood at that Time that I carried that Claim, that they expected some Compensation in respect to the Allotments being mode Freehold besides the Claim of jf.zi a Year.

Whether in the Claim you made to the Commissioners, you did not suppose that all Fines, Heriots, were included as fated in that Claim ?

No, 1 do not suppose that.

"When the dropping Fine of £.60 was paid, whether any Heriot Was paid ?

No; because the Tenant fold his Effects a little before his Death.

Had the Lord any Right upon the Common ?

T cannot lay he had, as Lord.

Whether the only Injury done to the Lord of Sten-nerkajet, is not turning the Allotments of the Custo-jhary Eltetesmto Freehold?

1 cannot lay.

How many dropping Fines or Alienations hare happened within the said Thirty Years prior to 1769 ?

I do not know.

Have you any Books, Papers, Minutes, or AbstraAs, here, to give any Information to the Committee prior to 1769?

I nave not any.

How long is it fineethe Verdict was given for Right of Common upon AJjpatria *

It was about the s8th Ck wri ad.

Have you never made any Calculation what the Extent of the Loss which the Lord of the Manor of Blcmtcrhajet will sustain by the Allotments being made Freehold, as in the Bill, supposing the Lord of the 'Manor can obtain no Compensation under the Bill ?

I have made some Calculation

What is that Calculation ?

I calculated the Value of the Yearly Rents of the Customary Estates at £.160 or £.170 a Year, according to their present Value, and that Value being doubled, makes £.325, or thereabouts, for a general Fine; then the Common Right of each Customary Estate upon Bolton Common being estimated at Fourth, Fifth, or Sixth Part of the Value of the Estates, it will give the Proportion Of the Injury the Lord of the Manor of Blennerhafiet will sustain by the Allotments being made Freehold. — I am not so accurate us to lay which of the Fourth, Fifth, or Sixth.

Upon a Calculation, was you now to alibis a general Fine, do yon nob in doubling the Rent of the Custo* uuuy Estate, cmnpeehend the Common Right?

Yes, we generally take in all together.

Can you gueis at the Value of the Common Rights, and is it not necessary to form an Estimate of the Y aloe of the Comma Right, to know the Extent of the Common, ike Nature of its Produce, the Number of Commoners, and the Annual Value of their respective Estates ?

1 suppose at mjgltt be necessary in making a minute Calculation.

What is the Eattudof Bolton Common ?

I base heard it computed at Four, Five, and Six thousand Acres — I know the People cal-

culated it at Six thousand at a Meeting some Time before the passing of the Act.

Did they make a Survey of it ?

No; there was at that Time a Propefition made to them, to know the Number of Acres they would take for their Right of Common.

Does he knohr rif aay Agreement for the Sale of their Right of Common made that Night I

No; I was not present if any Agreement was made.

What Number of Acres did t he Btennerhqffet People demand for their Right of Common 1

They said they would take One thousand Acres.

Do you know the Number of the Persons or Estates entitled to Right of Common ?

I do not.

Did you not, in the Value of the Lands, comprehend-die Value of the Estates, with all their Rights of Common belonging to them ?

I did.

How many Customary Estates are therf in $lauicr-

Mfet f

Eight Customary Estates.

What is the Age of the yatifent Lord of the Manor

of B tennerhqffet ?

About Twenty-two.

Are not the Fines paid under an Order of the Court of Chancery?

I do not know.

Mr. Wilson Wood then deft red tp correct a Miftalte in the Evidence he gave to the Committee on day lait, in saying. That the Value of the Enfranchisement of Customary Lands in the Manor of Blewner-hqffet, is Five or Six Years Value; that hi? Meaning was, that the Value of them was Five or Six Fines.

And being asked. Did you of your own Knowledge ever know of any arbitrary Fines sold at that Price ?

I do not recoiled that I was ever concerned in the Eufranchisement of any Estates; but I have heard that Four, Five, or Six Fines, have been given for an Enfranchisement.

in what Manors ?

I cannot speak precisely to it.

Mr. Wood then said. That he desires to pat the Question right about the Boons and Services; having looked into the Rental, he finds them Six or Seven Shillings, or thereabouts.

He further fays, That the Age of Mr. Charlton, the Person who has the beneficial I liter eft in the Manor, is about 27 Years of Age, wherein in his former Evidence he made his Age 2t.

And being asked. Whether the Manor of Blenner-hqfit adjoin* to the Manor of Bolton ? He said. It does.

Does H join to the Commons, or inclosed Grounds?

To the mclofad Grounds the Property of the Lord.

Is there any Common within the Manor of BUnwr-hajet I

There is no Common, only a trifling Waste Ground within the Town, chiefly Road? and Pavements of the Streets.

Do you know who bears die Expences of this Application?

1 apprdhend the Trust Estate does.

Do you understand any other Person is to War the

Expence ?

No.

Mr. John Watson Beed produces an examined Copy of the Judgment in the Cause — Bouch agjunfl Trinity Term* 1659* Roll 2000, in the King’s Bench.

And being asked. Did he examine it with any Record, and where ? He said, I examined it with the original Roll, in the Custody of the Clerk of the Upper Treasury in the King’s Bench; it was examined At his-Office.

Is it a true Copy ?

Yes.

Mr. Wood, being further examined, was asked. There is Four Shillings paid for foe Right df Common; By whom is it paid ?

It is paid by the Lords of the Manor bf BlermerhqJJet inProportion; it is madeop amongst them — $pnaepf foe

Cust^nary

18 Geo. Ill*

2* JuniL

loot

Customary Tenements have been purchased in by the Lord, and he contributes to the Payment of the Four Shillings, with the other Customary Tenants.

Do the Lords pay any thing for their Demesne Lands ?

Not particular — they pay their Proportion of the Four Shillings.

Have they any Right of Common in respect of their Demesne Lands ?

They claim Right of Common — they expert to have a Right of Common for that, as well as any other Part of their Lilates.

Do you know that they contribute any thing in respect of their Deraefnes ?

I do not know, nor how it is apprehended.

Was he acquainted with the Eiiate, previous to the Purchut'e of the Tenements ?

I was not.

Does he know of any other being purchased ?

I do not.

Then the Copy of Record was read.

Mr. John Rooke, being examined, was asked, Do you

know the Manor of Blemierhaflet He said, I was born,

there.

How old are you ?

Fifty-two.

Have the Tenants of Blennerhenjoyed the Right

of Common upon Bolton Common ?

Yes, as long as I can remember.

Have the Lords of the Manor of en-

joyed ihat Right ?

The Lords Farmers have.

Do you know it of your own Knowledge?

I have known One of the Lords Farmers Common upon Bolton Common

Who was l»e ?

77innasFlaughter.

Where did he live?

In Blennerhqd'ct, in the Town.

What was the Value of the Farm ?

I do not know — It was called one of the Middle Lands — There are some great, some middle, and some lesser.

Who lives in it now?

A Farmer has all the Lords Three Estates.

Are they in the Town ?

Yes.

What is his Name?

I do not know.

Who had it before ?

One Jackson had the Three Estates.

Do you know the Lands called the Flats

Yes.

And the Lower Alderfcufe

Yes.

Do you know the Mill ?

Yes.

Was the Flats any Part of s Farm ?

I do not know- whether lie had any Part or not.

Had Flaughter any Part o

Not that I know of.

Nor the Mill, or any Lands belonging to it ?

No.

Do you know Musgrave's Tenement ?

No.

A/bridge's Tenement ?

No.

William's Tenement ?

No; I do not know them by those Names.

Do you know any other of the Lords Tenants betides Flaughter, who carries Goods on Bolton Common ?

Yes, I have myself for my Father-^he lived upon. John Atkinson's Eiiate.

W as it Customary ?

Vol. 36.

It was at that Time, but it has been since enfranchised — cannot remember any other Person.

Then the Copy of the Bolton Inclosure Act was produced by Mr. Oddie ,and read.

Mr. Rooke, being further examined, was asked, Do

you know any Instance of the Lord or his Tenants enjoying Right of Common in respect of Demesne Lands ? He said. No, I do not know more than what I have said concerning it.

Did all those Tenants you have named possess Customary Estates?

Yes; Noble, Stagg, and my Father, did.

Was the Right of Common they had* in respect of their Customary Estates ?

They had Right of Common without any Dispute,1 as I ever heard.

Mr. Robert Monkhouse, being examined, was asked.

Do you know the Manor of He said,1

Yes.

How long ?

Many Years — w’as born in it.

How old are you ?

About Sixty-two.

Do you know the Land called the Flats Yes*

Do you know if the Lord or his Tenant, enjoying that Land, used any Right of Common upon Bolton Common, by virtue thereof?

Yes, they make use of the Common as the rest of the Neighbours do.

Can you name the Farmers ?

Ye6, George Pajte, for many Years.

Did he farm any other Lands than the Flats ?

Yes, he had all the Three Farms.

Can you tell whether he put on his Cattle in respect of the Flats, or the other Tenements ?

I really do not know.

How long since you lived at BlcnnerhaJJet?

It is about Fourteen Years since.

Mr. Wilson Wood, being further examined, was asked. Was you present at any Meeting between Mr. Huddlejion and Mr. Bcnfon, at Cockbridge ? He said, I was.

At what Time was it ?

Upon the 17th October 1776.

What passed then ?

A Meeting was proposed, I believe, by some of the Inhabitants of Bolton, that the Lord of the Manor and the Tenants of Blennerhqffet, or some of them, might meet Mr. Benson at Cockbridge, in order that Mr. Benson might have an Opportunity of seeing the Exemplifications of the Verdicts entitling them to Right of Common on Bolton Common, and that Mr. BenJ'on might be informed of their Rights and Claims, because it had been given out that the Blennerhqffet People had not so extensive a Right as they claimed upon Bolton Common.

Mr. Huddlejion, Mr. Benson, William,

Robert Martindale, and myself, were present at the Meeting at Cockbridge;that the Exemplifications were produced to Mr. Bcnjbn to peruse, which he accordingly did, upon which Mr. Huddlejion asked him if he was not satisfied or content that they had a better Right than had formerly been talked of — Mr. Benson said, that he was satisfied. Upon that Mr. desired Mr. Benson to let him have a Copy of the Bill, or to fee it, or to have a Copy of the Heads of it, and that he should be very glad to be acquainted with or consulted about the Progress of the Proceedings concerning the Bill as it went on.

Did you hear Mr. Benson make any Promise to Mr. Huddlejion, and what ?

Yes, after Mr. Huddleflon had related to him that Discourse, Mr. Benson laid, that he could not let Mr. Huddleflon then have a Copy of the Bill, because he

n Y laid

Bolton

Inclosure;

S'

100?

2" Junii. A. 1778.

Bolton said they had not got any Heads properly fixed, or inclosure. to at that Time. — Mr. Huddleston then said.

Well, Sir, if you have not got a Copy of the Bill at present, I shall be obliged to you for a Copy of the Heads of it. — Mr. Benson then laid that he had not got the Bill or the Heads properly fixed at that Time. — Upon which Mr. Huddlejl desired that he would let him have a Copy when it was settled, and before it was signed. — Upon which Mr. Baifon said, that he should let him have a Copy of it, to be fare, before it was signed; and that he also said, that Mr.

tonfhould be confuited, and that every Person’s Right should be takcu care of, as he meant to be fair and candid to every Body. — Mr. said to Mr.

dlefton, that he and his Tenants, and every Body’s Rights, should be taken care of — He said, he would fend him a Copy of the Bill. — I will not be bound down to the exact Words that passed between Mr. Benson and Mr. Huddleston; but to that Effect. — Mr. Benson not only said. That he had no Objection, but that he would consult Mr. Huddleston.

By consult, what did you apprehend he was to do?

I apprehend he was to consult him, in order to take Care of his Rights as well as other People’s.

Did you under and that he was to do any thing more than talk the Business over with Mr. if Mr. Huddleston chose to talk about it with him ?

I under and, by consulting with Mr. Huddleston, that their Rights would be taken Care of; I look upon my-' self, that if a Client comes to consult with me, I mult take Care of his Business as a Piece of Juhice.

Did you under and that Mr. Benson, by saying that he would consult Mr. Huddleston, meant to take his Directions, and follow those Directions ?

Yes, I apprehend, that with respect to the Rights of Whitehall he did; and that Mr. Benson could have no Objection to consult with Mr.

The Witness, upon hearing the Quehion and Answer here read, desired to explain himself.,

That he did not mean that Mr. Benson should follow all Mr. lluddlcftoris Directions, if they were improper ones, and not belonging to the Business.

Did you ever fee a Draft of the Bill; and was it not handed about the Parish for Six Weeks together, for the Pemfal of such Persons as chose it ?

No, I never law it; I do not know whether it was handed about the Parish or not.

Was you present at a Vestry Meeting at Bolton School House, w hen a Committee was appointed to prepare a Bill ?

I was not.

Was you at any Meeting ?

I went to Bolton, but the Meeting was over before I got there.

Did you at that Time fee any Draft of a Bill ?

I neither saw nor heard of one.

I lad you any other Business at Cockbridge, 17th October 1776, than the Business of the Meeting at that Time in the same House ?

I had in the adjoining Room.

What was that Business ?

Letting some Estates belonging to Whitehall.

Was the Meeting in one Room broke up before you attended the Meeting in the other ?

No, they were going on at the same Time.

Was you attending both at different Times ?

Yes, I was; .1 went-from one to the other Once.

Did you go out of the Room more than Once ?

I might or might not.

Was the Business in the Room where Mr. Huddlefton was, Hopped upon your going out till your Return ?

No, it was not.

Was you present during the whole Conversation that passed between Mr. Huddleston and Mr. Benson

No; if there was any Conversation whilst I was out I was not present.

Did you find them in Conversation when you returned ?

I cannot be certain; I think Once when I returned Mr. Benson was looking over the Exemplifications of the Verdicts.

Do you understand, by the Conversation that followed, that his Examination of the Verdicts was in consequence of what might have passed between Mr.

Huddleston and Mr. BenJ'onduring voitr Absence ?

When I went out I believe I left Kir. BenJ'on looking at the Verdicts, and when I returned he was looking at them.

Might they not have had Conversation at any other Time when you was absent ?

I do not recoiled I was absent at any other Time.

Are you sure you was not absent Pour or Five Times ?

I am sure I was not; I think I was absent but Once.

Was you absent Twice ?

I cannot be positive.

Might you not have been absent Twice ?

I cannot say.

Do you remember desiring any Persons present to take the Verdicts from Mr.

Mr. Hodgson seemed dissatisfied that Mr. Huddlefton had delivered the Verdicts to Mr. BenJ'on, and given him an Opportunit y of examining them so fully, and taking Notes from them; and he fpokc to me, upon which I told him, that 1 thought it might not be pm* dent to {hew those Things, if they intended to dil’pute the Right; upon which an Intimation was given to Mr. Huddlefton, who desired that Mr. BenJ'on would let him have them again; which he did.

Whether you did not return back to the Room ?

I had been before; I do not recoiled whether I went afterwards.

What passed between you and Mr. Hodgson after taking the Verdicts from Mr. Benson?

I spoke to Mr. Hodgson, and told him, I thought he need not be dissatisfied about Mr. BenJ'on?, having leen them, because he had heard what Mr. Benson had promised as well as me.

Was the Promise prior or subsequent to the Conversation between you and Mr. Hodgson ?

The Promise was prior to it.

Was there any other Proof or Evidence produced or shewn to Mr. Benson, of the Right of the Lord or Tenants to the Common of Pasture, other than the Verdicts ?

No, there was no other Evidence that I know of.

Did not Mr. BenJ'on say he was perfectly l’atisfied ?

Yes, he said he was satisfied that their Rights were better than had been represented by the People of Bolton; I rather think the Disconrfe before was about Lords and Tenants Rights; and he said their Rights, at this Time, without diltihguishing Lords or Tenants.

Was this Declaration made upon pending the Verdicts ?

Yes.

Did you not understand that Mr. Benson engaged to communicate with Mr. Huddleston, by Letter, or otherwise, respecting the Clause or Clauses to be inserted in the then intended Inclosure Bill ?

Yes, I did.

How far does Mr. Huddlefton live from Blenner-

hajfct?

Twenty-four or Twenty-five Miles.

I low far does Mr. nilliamfthe other Trustee, live from Blennerhajfet ?

About Three Miles.

How far from Cockbridge ?

About Three Miles. — Mr. does not inter-.

fere

i8 Geo. Ill* junii. toot

fere in the Law Business, bat receives the Rents; he leaves the t^avv Business to Mr. Huddkjion.

Mr. Wil/bn Wood, being further examined, was asked,

Whether Sir. Huddlefiondid not at the Cockbridge, or

at some other Meeting, decline having a written Copy of the Bill, on account of the Expence? lie said, I never heard such a Thing.

Whether he ever declared, That he did not hear Mr. Benjbnmake such l’romife to Mr. Huddlefion, as

in his former Evidence, but that Mr. told

him so, and therefore lie believed, or Words to that Effect ?

1 never did say any such Thing to any Body. Whether you ever asked Mr. for a Copy of

the Bill, written or printed, antecedent to its coming before Parliament ?

I do not remember I did.

V lx t her you ov er declared you never did alk him ?

I never declared that.

Whether you and Mr. Wilwere not present at a fuhfequont Meeting to 17th October 1776, at bridge, between the Tenants of Bolton and hajfct, to settle their Claims?

' I was at a Meeting with Mr. Williamson and the above Tenants, but I did not under and it was to settle their Claims; and my reason was, because the Meeting was nccafioned, as I understood, at the Request of Two or Three of the principal Tenants of Bolton, desiring, that the Lords and Tenants of the Manor of would give Mr. llevfouand the Tenants of Bolton a Meeting at Cockbridge, in order for the

People to acquaint the Bolton People of the Right they claimed upon Boll on Common; accordingly a Meeting Was had between Mr. Wiliiaand the Tenants of Blennerhaj'et, and a great Number of the Tenants of Bolton — Sir. Iluddlcston was not there; at which Meeting, after the People of both Towntliips were met, Mr.

Benjbn said. Gentlemen, you under and what was the Design of the Meeting, therefore the Tenants of Blearier hq jet will please to let us know what is their Claim upon Bolton Common; — upon which%Mr. Williamson and the Tenants of Blenner ha fid told Mr. and the Tenants of Bolton, that their Claim upon Bolton Common was according to the Quantity of Purvey Rate they paid for tlu ir Lands; and that they expelled a full Purvey Share of the Common accordingly.

What Projjofalswcre made for the Sale and Purchase of the B/enntrlwfetAllotments, and by whom ?

Juh at the breaking up of the Meeting, Mr. Benson asked the Inhabitants of Blcnnwhat they would take for their Rights of Common upon Common;

I did net hear the 'Tenants ask any Sum of Mr. Benson, hut he asked tlrem if they would take (I think) after the Rate of £. 1,600 for the Whole; upon which Mr. Williamson got up and left the Meeting; at that Time many of the Boltun People were gone, and the Meeting was very thin.

Did Mr. Williamson attend them as Lord of the Manor of Blcnnerhqjct, and as Trustee?

I le attended as Trustee for the Lord of,

and as Trustee for Lands in , because the Pro-

pofals made at the Meeting from the Blennerhajfet People to the Bolton People affected him both Ways.

Whether any Altercation arose at the Meeting, in regard to the People of Blennhaving a whole Purvey ?

Yes; when the Blenner/iqfetPeople made a Claim

of a whole Purvey' Share, the Bolton People said it was too much.

Did they come to any Agreement upon that Head ?

No, not any.

Whether some of the Blennerhajfet People did not first propose to fell their Allotments?

I did not hear any of them make such Proposal.

Did not Mr. Williamson lav, that it was a very fair Offer?

Vo;.. 36.

No, I did not hear him say any ftish Thing; hut he got up from his Chair, and he said. That was a Thing he could not interfere in* or give any Consent to; and then lie went away.

Did you apprehend he could not give his Consent, being a Trustee ?

Both as a Trustee, and Mr. the other

Trustee, not being present; Mr. never intermeddling in those Matters.

What do you moan by those Matters ?

In any kind of Matters, without Mr.

Consent, unlcl’s very final! Matters.

Does he let the Estates ?

Yes, but not without the Consent of Mr. Huddlefion ,* Mr. Huddlefion was frequently present at the letting of Estates, as well as Mr. Williamson.

Did Mr. Williamson give his Opinion about the Offer of £. 1,600 ?

I did not hear him say any thing with respect to the Largeness er Smallness of the Sum.

Did you hear all he did say, from his getting up on the Offer being made, to his quitting the Room ?

I fat by him when he got. up from his Chair; I cannot answer to what he might say in going out of the Room, hut I did not hear any such Words.

Did he go immediately, or stop and talk \\ith other People ?

I believe he did not stay much; he Hopped very little before he went out of the Room; I do not believe he flopped to have any Conversation; I do not believe he did say so, but w ill not he positive, as lie might say Words I did not hear.

Did you know of the Advertisement that was pub-litlied for the Meeting at Cockbridge, 10th January 1777, for signing the Bill ?

No, I do not recoiled! that I saw it or read it.

Did you ever hear of a Meeting to sign the Bill ?

Yes, I did.

How far is Cockbridge from your House ?

Not quite Half a Mile.

How far is Mr. Williamson's from Cockbridge f

About Three Miles.

Did you attend the Meeting ?

I did not.

Why ?

Because I had no Directions for attending; and I apprehended, from what Mr. Benson previously promised, that there was no Occasion.

What Part of Mr. Benson'sPromise made you think

it unnecessary ?

The Whole of it, as Mr. Huddlefion was much abler to judge of such Matters than myfeJf.

Have you any Interest yourself in the Inclosure ?

I have a Tenement in Bolton 31 have made a Claim, which is objected to.

Was you ever called upon with a Copy of the Bill, and by w hom, and how often ?

I was called upon with a Copy of the Bill by Mr. Benson, Mr. Bean, and Mr. Jacob Stamper.

How often ?

Never but Once.

Were they all Three together ?

Yes, they were.

Did either of them call Separately at any other Time ?

I do not remember they did; neither did I fee the Bill at the Time they called upon me; but I understood they had the Bill then.

Did you read it ?

No, I did not look at it.

Did Air. Bean and Mr. Stamper ever call upon you without Air. Benjbn ?

I do not recollect that they did.

Whether you might have infjiected the Bill ?

I do not doubt but I might have inspected it, if I had desired it; but 1 refuted to lign it.

Did

Boltorf

Inclosure*

1004

A. 1778.

Bolton

Inclosure.

Did they offer to shew you the Bill ?

I do not recollect it.

Did they alk you to sign it?

They did.

Did you read the Petition for the Bill for Bolton Inclosure?

No, I never did; I never saw it.

Was you not informed that a Copy or Draft of the Bill was left at Thomas Porter's, for public Inspection?

No, I was not, till after passing of the Bill.

Whether he did not hear that a Draft of the Bill lay at Thomas Porter's, antecedent to the passing of the Bill ?

No, I did not; I did not make much Inquiry; my reason was, after the Meeting at I did not

inquire about the Matter, because after that Meeting I thought Mr. Bcnfon and Mr. would settle

the Matter.

Did you give as a Reason for not signing the Bill, that Mr. Williamson and Mr. Huddleston, intended to oppose it ?

No, not that they intended to oppose it, but that they were not agreeable to the Terms that the Lord Egremont was to have, being unusual and too high.

What Time did Mr. Benson and the other Gentlemen

call on you to sign the Bill?

I cannot positively say; but it was after the Meeting upon the Advertisement.

Was the Converl’ation, wherein you gave your reason for not ligning the Bill, at the Time they called upon you with the Bill ?

It was; the Application to me was to sign the Bill in behalf of myfdf, not with respect to Whitehall in the lealt.

Had you any Conversation with Mr. Williamson upon the Terms you have Hated, respecting Lord Egremont, as being too high ?

Yes, I have heard Mr. Williamson say, that he thought the Terms unusual, and too high.

Do you understand then that Mr. Williamson had read or heard of the Terms ?

He had heard, as I had heard, that Lord s

Terms were to be a Fourth Part of the Common, or One Shilling an Acre.

How do you know he heard so ?

I heard him say he had heard it talked of.

Did you understand from that Speech, or from the reil of the Conversation, that he had not seen a Draft or printed Bill ?

No, I really cannot say whether he had or had not seen the Bill; I never heard him say he saw it.

Do you know, or did you ever hear Mr. Williamson say. that he was at the advertised Meeting at bridge f

I never heard him say any such Thing; nor do I believe that he was there.

Do you know whether he was there the Morning after the Meeting ?

No, 1 do not; I never heard him say he was there.

Do you know that Mr. Williamson ever saw a Copy of the Bill in the Hands of Mr.

No, I do not; I never heard him foy such a Thing; I think I should have heard him say it, if he had seen it.

Is Mr. WordfworthAttorney to Mr. and

was not he Under Sheriff for him ?

I don’t believe he did any other Business for him, except as Under Sheriff, as I do Mr. Business

for him.

Did he Hate any same for Mr. to obtain

Counsel’sOpimon upon, relative to his being discharged from feme Trull ?

I never heard or saw any; and I believe I should have heard of it, had it been so.

U

Did you ever hear of his being employed in Indictments for Roads for Mr. William J'on

About Two Years ago he was employed as Counsel at the Sessions, and I was Attorney.

Do you know whether Mr. Wordsworth did or did not distribute Copies of the Bill before the passing?

I did not; I have heard of it lately, but never at the Time.

Have you heard that Mr. Wordsworth delivered any of these Copies to Mr. Williamson or Mr. Huddleston ? No, I have not.

Do you know of any Application being made to Mr. Charlton, relative to the Bolton Inclosure Bill, from the Trustees of the El'tate ?

Yes, Mr. Charlton was acquainted with the Business by Letters, at different Times.

What was his Answer ?

He did not give many Answers; but as he lived at a Distance, and was not so fully acquainted with the nature of the Business as the Trustees, he left it to them to take Care of his Interest.

Whether the Petitioners did not decline making any Opposition to the Bolton Bill in Parliament, by reason of the want of Mr. Charlton's Instr notions ?

No, I never hoard that.

Did they decline to take any Part against the Bill in the Country, for want of Mr. Charlton's Directions ?

They refused to agree to the Terms of the Bill, not only on account of not having Mr. Charltons Directions, but also on account of the Objections they had to the Terms being too high, as he mentioned before.

Whether Mr. Charlton has been applied to about this Application to Parliament ?

He has been made acquainted with it, and has given the same Answer as before, Mr. Charlton leaving it to the Trustees; and if the Estate was injured, he hoped they would take Care of the Interest of it.

Had you Intimation given you previous to your going to the Meeting at Cockbridge, that any Proposal would be made for buying the Allotments of the Tenants of BlennerhaJJet?

No, not any; the Meeting was for a different Purpose.

Were the Persons who attended the Meeting mostly present, or mostly gone, when Mr. Benson made his Proposals ?

I believe moil of the Blennerl\aPeople were there,

and some of the Bolton People were gone.

Have you any Expectation of deriving any Benefit or Interest respecting your own Claim, from the present Application to Parliament.

No.

Air. Thomas Benson then produced to vour Commitiee

Tin ee Agreements with the Tenants of the Manor of Blennerha/Jet, for the Purchase of their Rights upon Bolton Common, who fays they are all the Contrails.

Mr. Wood, being further examined, was asked. Have you any Copy of these Contrails ?

1 have not a Copy of them, nor did I ever fee them or a Copy of them, before, nor ever heard of their being left at Cockbridge, till this Dispute arose, and within this Fortnight or Three Weeks.

Mr. Thomas Benson then delivered in to your Committee, an original Agreement with the Tenants of Bolton;and fays, the Agreements he has this Day delivered in, are all the Agreements concerning this Business.

Mr. Wilson Wood then produced to your Committee, a Copy of a Notice, and proves the Service of a Copy on Mr. Benson.

Did Air. Benson fend any Answer to the Notice? None, that I ever heard of.

Air. Thomas Benson, being examined, said. That the Notice was of such a Nature as he could not answer it;

that

18 Geo. III. 2

1005

that when he received the Notice-, the Agreements with the Tenants of Blemterhaffet were not m his Hands; hat he has received them since he came to Town.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Roman The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the BtH, intituled, An Act for relieving His Majesty’s Subjects, pro-feffing the Popish Religion, from certain Penalties and Disabilities imposed them by an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the.Third, intituled, "An Act for the " further preventing the Growth of Popery."

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 27. Leave out " and" and insert " or."

At the End of the Bill insert the following Proviso:

" Provided always, and it is hereby " Enacted and Declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall " extend, or be construed to extend,

0 " to any Popish Bishop, Priest, Je-

" suit, or Sclioolmaster, who shall " not have taken and subscribed the above Oath in the above Words,

" before he shall have been apprehended, or any Prosecution commenced against him." The laid Amendments being Severally read a Second Tune, were, upon the Question severally put there-upon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lorddiips.

Main The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Toinutf. Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, the Laws relating to the railing and training of the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain called England; and to establish certain Regulations with respect to Officers serving in the Corps of Fencible Men, directed to be raised in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other Corps therein mentioned.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 16.1. 6. Leave out " or" and insert " a."

1. 13. Leave out from* Regiment"to" And " whereas" in the 2znd Line of the same Press.

Pr. 17.1. 17. After " Deputy" leave ont " Deputy." The laid Amendm ent being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That air George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to thair Orders,

Account*; An Account of all Duties paid on the Importation Heo-.p. of rough Hemp into that Part of Great Britain called England, as also all Drawbacks paid upon the Reexportation of the same to Ireland, from 1746

to Christmas 1777; distinguishing each Year: And also.

Ginger ,&c. An Account of the Quantities of Ginger, Pimento, Beaver Skins and Furs, Pitch, Tar, Turpentine, Silk, Elephants Teeth, and Sugar, exported from that Part of Great Britain called England, into Ireland, for Three Years, ending at isft, viz. from Christ-

Vol. 36.

mas 1774 to Christmas 1777, distinguishingeach Year; with the Amount of the Duties drawn back on feefa Exportation: And also.

An Account of the Duties paid on Ginger, Pimento, Account*; Beaver Skins and Furs, Pitch, Tar, Turpentine; Silk, Giflger* and Elephants Teeth, for Three Years last past, viz. from Christmas 1774 to Christmas 1777» distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Duties paid on _

the Exportation of Brazil IWood, BraziHetto, Fttftic, Logwood, Nicaragua Wood, Red Wood, Red Sanders,

Indico, Rice, Beaver, Cat, and other Skins, Cotton and Beaver Wool, from that Part of Great Britain called England, into Ireland, far the last Ten Years, viz. from Christmas 1767 to Christmas 1777; distin-guishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Duties paid on Rice. Rice, exported from that Part of Great Britain called England, to Foreign Parts, from Christmas 1764 to Christmas 1774, inclusive; distinguishing each Year:

And also.

An Account of the total Quantities of foreign Linec*. Linens imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 1775 to Christmas *777; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the total Quantities of British and Irish Linens exported from that Part of Great Britain called England, shewing the Bounties paid on each Species, from the 5th January. 1776 to the 5th January 1778; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of British and Irish Linens exported from England without Bounty, from 5th January 1776 to 5th January 1778 > distrngttishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Irish Lineps im- Ditto, ported into that Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 17 75 to Christmas 17 7 7, with the Values

thereof; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Flax, Hemp, Rax Flax. Seed, and Linen Yarn, imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 1775 to Christmas 1777, with the Value* thereof; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Oenone, Clerk of the Company of Mercers of the City of London, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House.

A Paper, intituled, " The Accounts of the War- Account*; " dens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers from tUe " of the City of London, from the 10th of Co"^L*

" 1736 to the 10th of October 1777, directed to be " laid before each House of Parliament, by Two " Acts, One of the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of " his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the " Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London;" and the Other, of tho " Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty " King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for " the Relief of the Bond and other Creditors of the * Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst th# other Papers of this Session.

11 Z Ordered,

Gqo le

l'\ pG

Weymouth

and

Melcomfce

Regis

Writ.

Motion

respecting

the

Prorogation

of

Parliament.

Earl of Chatham’s Annuity.

African

Trade.

Earl of Chatham's Debts.

1006

30 Junii.

A. 1778:

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his \Varrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of and

Regis, in the County of Do in the room of Tucker, Esquire, who, fiuce his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bone in the County of Buckingham.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to represent to His Majesty the very alarming State of these Kingdoms, which will be much increased by a Prorogation of Parliament, whereby His Majesty would be deprived of that natural and constitutional1 Advice and Abidance which may befo necessary at this critical Conjuncture, when the whole Legislative Authority, and the united Wisdom of the Kingdom, is absolutely essential to secure us from impending Danger; aird most humbly to implore His Majesty, that fie would be graciously pleased to defer the Prorogation of Parliament until the present dangerous Crilis may be happily terminated.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Order of the Day be now read,

The House divided.

The Noes went forth. o

Tellers for the Yeas $ The of 7

1 etiers for me 1 eas, |The J 94‘

( Sir James 7

Tellers for the Noes, Sir Philip Jennings > 54.

( Clerke. ’

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade to Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. James Luttrell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr. Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Earl of Chatham, and the Heirs of the Body of the late William Pitt, Earl of Chatham, to whom the Earldom of Chathamlhall defeend, in consideration of the

eminent Services performed by the said late Earl to His Majesty and the Public; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Minute Book of the Proceedings of the African Committee, from the 3d of July 1777 to the present Time which has been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, be re-delivered to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

> Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 30 die yunii;

Anno 18* Georgii IIP'* Regis, 1778. Prayers.

MR. Ellis reported to the House, That their Address of the 26th Day of May last, to represent to His Majesty, that this House having received In-

Journals,

&.C.

formation that, upon the' Death of the late Earl of Chatham, there were several Mortgage and other Debts incurred by him, and then remaining a Charge on his Estates to a considerable Amount: and being defirou to ffiew every Testimony of their Esteem and Gratitude to the Memory of the said William Earl of

Chatham, most humbly beseech His Majesty to advance the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, tojvards paying off and discharging the said Mortgages, and other Debts, and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same in thfc next Session'of Parliament) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

Mr. Ellis also reported to the House, That their Addresses of the 28th Day of May last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Eight, hundred Pounds to bead vanced to John Esquire,

Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session, with an Index to the Thirty-sixth Volume; and to defray such extraordinary Expences as have been, or shall be, incurred, on account of the printed Journals and Reports of this House; and also the Sum of One thousand Five hundred Pounds to be advanced to Mr. Henri) Hughs, towards defraying the Expence of printing One thousand Five hundred Copies of the General Index to the Journals of this House; and also the Sum of Five hundred Pounds to be advanced to George White, Esquire, one of the Clerks attending this House, for defraying the Remainder of the Expences incurred by him in Business done by the Authority of this House, relative to Inquiries into the State of the Poor of this Kingdom, and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame) had been presented to Flis Majesty; and that Mis' Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Addresses.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Oakhamptoo the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Oakhamplon, in the County of Devon, in the room of Alexander Esquire,

who, ftnee his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Attorney General to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to p;(j1op*, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Cattle the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia- Writ, ment for the Borough of Bishop'sCajlle, in the County of Salop, in the room of Henry Strachey, Esquire, who since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Clerk of the Deliveries and Deliverance of all Manner of Ordnance, of Artillery,. Munition, and other Necessaries whatsoever, appertaining ty His Majesty’s Office of Ordnance.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Tam worth the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Wm‘ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tamnorth, in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, in the room of Edward -

Thurlow, Esquire, now Baron Thcalled up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to ]>an Hury the Clerk of the Crow n to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia- .

ment for the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, in the room of the Right honourable Sir Frederick North, commonly called Lord North, Knight of the most noble Order of the Garter, who, Jinco ftis

Election

Horsham

Writ.

Royal Assent to Bills.

The King’s Speech*

18 Geo., III. 3* Junii — 140. Julil. 1 oo%

Election for the said Borough hath accepted the Office of Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Horsham, in the County of SufleZyin the room of James Wallace, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough hath accepted the Office of Solicitor General to His Maje#y!

1 ( ':

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis neux, Gentleman Uiher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty immediately,.in. the Uoufe erf Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several public Bills following; viz:

An Act for granting to His, Majesty a certain Sum of Money, out of tile Sinking Fund; and for apply-, ing certain Monies, therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousuud Seven hundred and Seventy-eight; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Sefli'on of Parliament; and for carrying to the Aggregate Fund a Sum of Money which hath arisenbv the Two-sevenths Excise:

An Act to amend and render more effectual the Laws relating to the railing and training of the Militia, within that Part of Great Bri! tin called and

to establish certain Regulations with respect to Officers serving in the Corps of Fencible Men, directed to be raised in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other Corps therein mentioned:

An Act for relieving His Majesty’s Subjects, pro-feffing the Popish Religion, from certain Penalties and Disabilities imposed on them by an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the further preventing the Growth of Popery."

An Act for repealing certain Provisions in Two Acts, made in the First Year of the Reign of Queen Anne; One, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of " the Protestant Purchasers of the forfeited Estates in " Ireland and the other, intituled, "An Act for advancing the Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, " and for veiling such at remain unfold by the present " Trullees in Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, " for such Uses as the same were before vested in the " said Trullees; and for the more effectual felling and " setting the said Estates to Protcllants; and for explaining several Acts relative to the Lord Bophin and " Sir Redmond Everard."

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Earl of Chatham, and the Heirs of the Body of the late William Pitt, Earl of Chatham, to whom the Earldom of Chatham shall descend, in consideration of the eminent Services performed by the said late Earl to His Majesty and the Public.

After which, His Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses of Parliament, as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

After so long and laborious an Application to the Public Business, 1 think it proper at this Season of the Year to give you some Recess. I come at the same Time to return you My particular Thanks for the Zeal you have lliewn in supporting the Honour of My Crown, and for your Attention to the real Interests of all My Subjects, in the wife, just, and humane Laws, which have been the Result of your Deliberations, and which I hope, will be attended with the moll salutary > Effects in every Part of the British Empire.

Vol. 36.

My Delire to preserve the Tranquillity of Europe has been uniform and sincere: I reflect, with great Satisfaction, that I have made the Faith of Treaties and the Law of Nations the Rule of My Conduct, and that it has been My conllant Care to give no just Cause of Offence to any foreign Power; let that Power, by whom this Tranquillity shall be disturbed, answer to their Subjects and to the World for all the fatal Couse-quences of War.

The Vigour and Firmness of My Parliament have enabled Me to be prepared for such Events and Emergencies as may happen; andl trust that the experienced Valour and Discipline of My Fleets and Armies, and the loyal and united Ardour of the Nation, armed and animated in the Defence of every Thing that is dear to them, will be able, under the Protection of Divine Providence, to defeat all the Enterprizes which the Enemies of My Crown may presume to undertake, and convince them how dangerous it is to provoke the Spirit and Strength of Great Britain. ';

1 Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I. thank you for the Cheerffilness with which you have granted the large and ample Supplies for ^he Service of the current \ear, and foryoun Care in raisipg them in- a Manner the moll effectual and the least burthensome; and My warmest Acknowledgments are due to you for the Provision you have enabled Me to make for the more honourable Support of My Family.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

Your Presence in your respective Countries may, at this Time, be of great public Advantage. It is unnecessary for Me to recommend to you to do your Duty in your several Stations: On My Part, I have no other Wiffi or Object but to deserve the Confidence of My Parliament, and the Affections of My People.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by His Majesty’s Command, said.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is His Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, that this Parliament be prorogued to the 14th Day of

July next, to be then here holden; and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to the 14th Day of

July next.

Martis, 140 Julii;

Anno 18° Georgii IIP" Regis 1778.

THE House being met, pursuant to the lad Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Uiher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Tuesday the ift Day of September next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the ift Day of September next.

Martis,

Parliament

prorogued.

Parliament

further

prorogwed.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

1008 i* 1Septembris. — i* Odobris.

A. 1778.

Martts, I. die Septembris;

Jovis% i* die;

Anno 18* Georgii II*1*" Regis, 1778.

Anno i8*GtiotgnIIltU‘Reg& 1778.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. iiuarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

THE House being met, pursuant to die last Purbaait Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the Country; P« mcA

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr.

2uarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk Assistant, went up to the House of Peers; Where the Commission was read for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Thursday the ift Day of next; And the

Parliament was accordingly prorogued until the ift Day of Q&ober next.

The Lords, authorized1 by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peer*, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk and Clerk Assistant, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the Anther proroguing of the Parliament, until Thursday the 26th Day of Novem-

ber next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 26th Day of November next,

[Index removed.]

